
  CCEIRX Quote - Guggenheim Defined Portfolios - Series 1176 - Infrastructure & MLP Portfolio of Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Guggenheim Defined Portfolios - Series 1176 - Infrastructure & MLP Portfolio of   CCEIRX:US      Expired     USD             Fund Type   UIT                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   UIT    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   -    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (USD) (on -)   -    Inception Date   05/14/2014    Last Dividend (on 05/11/2016)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Guggenheim Defined Portfolios - Series 1176 - Infrastructure & MLP Portfolio of is a unit investment trust incorporated in the USA.  Termination Date: 5/11/2016   Distribution Frequency: Monthly    Address  Claymore Unit Investment Trusts250 N. Rock RoadSuite 150Wichita, KS 67206   Phone  1-800-345-7999   Website   www.claymoresecurities.com              



 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 













 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 














CSMHPX Mutual Fund - Guggenheim-Defined-Portfolios-Series-1303-Guggenheim-US-SMID-High-Dividend-Portf Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 














CMPICX Mutual Fund - Guggenheim-Defined-Portfolios-Series-1288-ML-Top-Picks-for-2015-Portfolio Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 











CFWAWX Fund - Guggenheim Defined Portfolios Series 1542 Diversified Income Wave Portfolio Series 63 Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








6:50p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



6:32p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



6:31p

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



6:31p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



6:31p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



6:30p

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



6:29p

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



6:28p

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...



6:28p

Updated
3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life



6:27p

Updated
Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


CFWAWX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



CFWAWX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Guggenheim Defined Portfolios Series 1542 Diversified Income Wave Portfolio Series 63

Watchlist 
CreateCFWAWXAlert



  



Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 EDT



$
10.84



0.01
0.13%






Previous Close




$10.82





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  

   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range




YTD
N/A



5 Year
N/A



Total Net Assets
N/A



Net Expense Ratio
N/A



Turnover %
N/A




 
  

 


Fees & Expenses

No information available



Risk Measures

No information available



Min. Investment

No information available

 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News




No Headlines Available





  



Distributions







No information available

 


Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








MO

-9.49%








CLVS

6.25%








SSTI

-0.08%








ICPT

4.22%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.











  CMLPPX Quote - Guggenheim Defined Portfolios Ser 1548 - MLP & Energy Funds Portfolio - Ser 16 - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Guggenheim Defined Portfolios Ser 1548 - MLP & Energy Funds Portfolio - Ser 16   CMLPPX:US   NASDAQ GM        9.0671USD   0.0221   0.24%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Fund Type   UIT    52Wk Range   8.2567 - 10.3528    YTD Return   -1.03%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   9.0892    52Wk Range   8.2567 - 10.3528    YTD Return   -1.03%    Fund Type   UIT    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   -    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on 07/27/2017)   9.0671    Total Assets (USD) (on -)   -    Inception Date   12/28/2016    Last Dividend (on 07/12/2017)   0.0576    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   7.62%    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Guggenheim Defined Portfolios Series 1548 - MLP & Energy Funds Portfolio - Series 16 is a unit investment trust incorporated in the USA. (Termination Date: 12/28/2018, Distribution Frequency: Monthly, Distribution Type: Cash)    Address  Claymore Unit Investment Trusts250 N. Rock RoadSuite 150Wichita, KS 67206   Phone  1-800-345-7999   Website   www.claymoresecurities.com              


Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




6:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:50pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:08pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:58pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




















































Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series Guggenheim Balanced Income Builder Portfolio, Series 15 - PDF





























 Log in
Registration







Search for

















Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series Guggenheim Balanced Income Builder Portfolio, Series 15



































                                                        SHARE 




                                                        HTML 




                                                        DOWNLOAD 




































                                                            Size: px
                                                        

                                                            Start display at page:
                                                        










Download "Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1447. Guggenheim Balanced Income Builder Portfolio, Series 15"




                                                                Error: 




 Download Document









  Rodney Nigel Benson
 1 years ago                                                                                            
 Views:  











Transcription





1 Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1447 Guggenheim Balanced Income Builder Portfolio, Series 15 GUGGENHEIM LOGO PROSPECTUS PART A DATED APRIL 20, 2016 A portfolio containing securities selected by Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC with the assistance of Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC An investment can be made in the underlying exchange-traded funds directly rather than through the trust. These direct investments can be made without paying the sales charge, operating expenses and organizational costs of the trust. The Securities and Exchange Commission has not approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.2 INVESTMENT SUMMARY Use this Investment Summary to help you decide whether an investment in this trust is right for you. More detailed information can be found later in this prospectus. Overview Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1447 is a unit investment trust that consists of the Guggenheim Balanced Income Builder Portfolio, Series 15 (the trust ). Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC ( Guggenheim Funds or the sponsor ) serves as the sponsor of the trust. The trust is scheduled to terminate in approximately two years. Investment Objective The trust seeks current income as the primary objective, with the potential for capital appreciation as a secondary objective. Principal Investment Strategy The trust seeks to provide current income with the potential for capital appreciation by investing in dividend-paying stocks of U.S.-listed companies along with shares of exchange-traded funds ( ETFs ) that invest substantially all of their assets in fixed-income securities. The sponsor, with the assistance of Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC ( GPIM ), an affiliate of Guggenheim Partners, LLC, has selected the securities to be included in the trust s portfolio. The common stocks in the trust are selected according to the quantitatively-selected US High Dividend Strategy described below. The U.S.-listed common stocks held the trust may include the common stocks of U.S. and non-u.s. companies of small-, mid- or large-capitalizations. Certain of the common stocks included in the trust portfolio are issued by real estate investment trusts ( REITs ). The sponsor and GPIM believe that companies that distribute significant dividends on a consistent basis generally demonstrate strong financial strength and positive performance relative to their peers. The common stocks selected according to the US High Dividend Strategy will constitute approximately 50% of the trust portfolio. Shares of ETFs that invest substantially all of their assets in fixed-income securities will make up the remaining 50% of the trust portfolio. The fixed-income ETFs included in the portfolio invest in a wide range of debt securities rated investment-grade through below investment-grade. High-yield, below investment-grade securities or junk bonds are considered to be speculative and are subject to greater market and credit risks than investment-grade securities. The fixed-income ETFs included in the portfolio will invest in debt securities with shortterm, medium-term and long-term maturities. Typically fixed-income securities with longer periods before maturity are more sensitive to interest rate changes. Finally, the fixed-income ETFs included in the portfolio will also invest in debt securities issued by foreign companies, including companies located in emerging markets. 2 Investment Summary3 Security Selection US High Dividend Strategy Approximately 50% of the trust portfolio will constitute the common stocks selected according to the US High Dividend Strategy. These stocks were selected seven business days prior to the initial date of deposit (the Security Selection Date ) using the security selection rules described below. Security Selection Rules: In constructing the common stock component of the trust s portfolio, securities will be selected based on the following fundamentally based quantitative criteria: 1. Initial Universe: Start with an initial universe of all securities in the Russell 3000 Index as of the Security Selection Date. 2. Rank on Fundamentals: Rank every company identified in the initial universe against other companies in the same sector, as defined by Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS), along each of the following reported financial metrics. Each ranking is determined as of the Security Selection Date using the most recently reported information and uses a scale of 1 through 10 (1 representing the highest scoring 10% in the sector and 10 representing the lowest scoring 10% in the sector): Return on assets as provided by S&P Compustat, and calculated as latest four quarters of reported operating income divided by the average of most recent reported total assets and year ago reported total assets. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the latest four quarters divided by enterprise value, as provided by S&P Compustat. Enterprise value is determined by adding the equity market capitalization as of the most recent closing price with the total outstanding long term and short term debt as determined by the most recently available balance sheet, and then subtracting any cash and short term investments as determined by the most recently available balance sheet. Year-over-year growth in sales per share, as provided by S&P Compustat. Trailing year-over-year growth is the percentage change in sales per-share for the trailing 12 months versus the sales per-share from the prior 12 months. Sales pershare is the trailing 12 months of sales from the most recent trailing quarterly or semi-annual filings, whichever is most current, divided by the end of period reported count of common shares outstanding used to calculate basic earnings per share. Each financial metric will create a separate score so that every company will have three scores. These three scores are averaged together to create one composite score for a company. This composite score is used to rank the companies in the next step in order to determine the subuniverse of securities. 3. Define Sub-Universe: Reduce the initial universe of securities to a subuniverse that meets the following requirements, with each requirement being applied independently to the Investment Summary 34 initial universe from the other requirements in this step, as of the Security Selection Date: Exclude the lowest ranked 25% of securities from the initial universe determined by the average of the three financial rankings described in step 2. Exclude the 20% of the initial universe with the lowest trailing six month total return. Exclude securities which do not have a policy of regular periodic cash dividends (quarterly, semiannual or yearly), or have omitted the most recent regular periodic cash dividend. Exclude securities with a market capitalization less than $200 million. Market capitalization is determined by the closing price as of the Security Selection Date. Exclude securities with a liquidity of less than $0.6 million. Liquidity is determined by the median trading volume in U.S. dollars looking back 90 days from the Security Selection Date (i.e., trading volume each day in shares multiplied by the closing price for the day as provided by FactSet Research Systems, Inc.). Exclude business development companies as identified by Bloomberg Industry Classification System sub-industry. Exclude mortgage real estate investment trusts, as identified by GICS sub-industry. Exclude securities that have a pending cash or stock merger and acquisition or bankruptcy which will lead to delisting the security. Such events will be determined by reviewing the announced merger and acquisition data from Bloomberg. Exclude securities that are not one of the largest 500 companies of the initial universe by market capitalization (per FactSet). 4. Selection: Select from the sub-universe the twenty-five top dividend yielding securities (with higher rank given to larger market capitalization when yields are equal) and equally weight these securities as of the Security Selection Date so that each security represents 2% of the total trust portfolio. Selected securities must adhere to following strategy limits as of the Security Selection Date: Maximum 20% weight in any GICS sector. Minimum 80% in U.S. incorporated companies. Once an investment limitation has been reached, additional securities of the type that would violate the limitation will not be included in the trust and the next highest yielding security will be used. Please note that due to the fluctuating nature of security prices, the weighting of an individual security or sector in the trust portfolio may change after the Security Selection Date. 4 Investment Summary5 Fixed-Income Exchange-Traded Funds Approximately 50% of the trust portfolio will constitute ETFs that invest substantially all of their assets in fixed-income securities. The sponsor, with the assistance of GPIM, has selected fixed-income ETFs believed to have the best potential for current income. When selecting the ETFs for the trust, the sponsor considers a number of factors, including but not limited to, the size, liquidity and daily trading volume, the current dividend yield, the strategy and investment objective, the fixed-income securities held by the ETF, the expense ratio and the overlap of the underlying fixed-income securities held by the ETFs. Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC is a subsidiary of Guggenheim Partners, LLC and an affiliate of the sponsor, which offers financial services expertise within its asset management, investment advisory, capital markets, institutional finance and merchant banking business lines. Clients consist of a mix of individuals, family offices, endowments, foundations, insurance companies, pension plans and other institutions that together have entrusted the firm with supervision of more than $100 billion in assets. A global diversified financial services firm, Guggenheim Partners, LLC office locations include New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami, Boston, Philadelphia, St. Louis, Houston, London, Dublin, Geneva, Hong Kong, Singapore, Mumbai and Dubai. Exchange-Traded Funds ETFs are investment pools that hold securities. ETFs provide an efficient and relatively simple way to invest in that they offer investors the opportunity to buy and sell an entire basket of securities with a single transaction throughout the trading day. ETFs are often built like an index fund, but trade like a stock on an exchange. ETFs generally offer advantages similar to those found in index funds such as low operating costs, performance designed to track an index, the potential for high tax efficiency and consistent investment strategies. Unlike conventional mutual funds, ETFs normally issue and redeem shares on a continuous basis at their net asset value in large specified blocks of shares, known as creation units. Market makers, large investors and institutions deal in creation units. The trust will buy shares of the ETF on the exchanges and will incur brokerage costs. Future Trusts The sponsor may create future trusts that follow the same general investment strategy. One such trust is expected to be available approximately three months after the trust s initial date of deposit (the Inception Date ) and upon the trust s termination. If these future trusts are available, you may be able to reinvest into one of the trusts at a reduced sales charge. Each trust is designed to be part of a longer term strategy. The sponsor is also indirectly owned by Guggenheim Partners, LLC and is an affiliate of GPIM. Investment Summary 56 Essential Information (as of the Inception Date) Inception Date April 20, 2016 Unit Price $10.00 Termination Date April 20, 2018 Distribution Date 25th day of each month (commencing May 25, 2016, if any) Record Date 15th day of each month (commencing May 15, 2016, if any) CUSIP Numbers Cash Distributions Standard Accounts Fee Account Cash Reinvested Distributions Standard Accounts Fee Account Reinvest Ticker Portfolio Diversification 40170Q Q Q Q136 CGBIOX Approximate Security Type Portfolio Percentage Common Stock 49.94% Exchange-Traded Funds Total % Sector (excludes Exchange- Approximate Traded Funds) Portfolio Percentage Consumer Discretionary 5.83% Energy 6.02 Financials 8.01 Health Care 6.00 Industrials 4.04 Information Technology 3.98 Materials 4.04 Telecommunication Services 6.01 Utilities 6.01 Total 49.94% Country/Territory (Headquartered and excludes Exchange-Traded Approximate Funds) Portfolio Percentage United States 49.94% Total 49.94% Market Capitalization (excludes Exchange- Approximate Traded Funds) Portfolio Percentage Mid-Capitalization 14.01% Large-Capitalization Total 49.94% Minimum Investment All accounts Principal Risks 1 unit As with all investments, you may lose some or all of your investment in the trust. No assurance can be given that the trust s investment objective will be achieved. The trust also might not perform as well as you expect. This can happen for reasons such as these: Securities prices can be volatile. The value of your investment may fall over time. Market value fluctuates in response to various factors. These can include stock market movements, purchases or sales of securities by the trust, government policies, litigation, and changes in interest rates, inflation, the financial condition of the securities issuer or even perceptions of the issuer. Units of the trust are not deposits of any bank and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The trust invests in shares of ETFs. ETFs are investment pools that hold other securities. The ETFs in the trust may be passively-managed index funds that seek to replicate the performance or composition of a recognized securities index. ETFs are subject to various risks, including management s ability to meet the fund s investment objective. Shares 6 Investment Summary7 of ETFs may trade at a discount from their net asset value in the secondary market. This risk is separate and distinct from the risk that the net asset value of the ETF shares may decrease. The amount of such discount from net asset value is subject to change from time to time in response to various factors. The underlying ETF has management and operating expenses. Consequently, you will bear not only your share of your trust s expenses, but also the expenses of the underlying ETFs. By investing in ETFs, the trust incurs greater expenses than you would incur if you invested directly in the ETFs. The ETFs are subject to annual fees and expenses, including a management fee. Unitholders of the trust will bear these fees in addition to the fees and expenses of the trust. See Fees and Expenses for additional information. The trust is subject to an ETF s index correlation risk. To the extent that an underlying ETF is an index tracking ETF, index correlation risk is the risk that the performance of an ETF will vary from the actual performance of the fund s target index, known as tracking error. This can happen due to fund expenses, transaction costs, market impact, corporate actions (such as mergers and spin-offs) and timing variances. The value of the fixed-income securities in the ETFs will generally fall if interest rates, in general, rise. Typically, fixed-income securities with longer periods before maturity are more sensitive to interest rate changes. The trust may be subject to greater risk of rising interest rates than would normally be the case due to the current period of historically low rates. An ETF or an issuer of securities held by an ETF may be unwilling or unable to make principal payments and/or to declare distributions in the future, may call a security before its stated maturity, or may reduce the level of distributions declared. This may result in a reduction in the value of your units. The financial condition of an ETF or an issuer of securities held by an ETF may worsen, resulting in a reduction in the value of your units. This may occur at any point in time, including during the primary offering period. Economic conditions may lead to limited liquidity and greater volatility. The markets for fixed-income securities, such as those held by certain ETFs, may experience periods of illiquidity and volatility. General market uncertainty and consequent repricing risk have led to market imbalances of sellers and buyers, which in turn have resulted in significant valuation uncertainties in a variety of fixedincome securities. These conditions resulted, and in many cases continue to result in, greater volatility, less liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency, with many debt securities remaining illiquid and of uncertain value. These market conditions may make valuation of some of the securities held by an ETF uncertain and/or result in sudden and significant valuation increases or declines in its holdings. Investment Summary 78 Certain ETFs held by the trust invest in securities that are rated below investment-grade and are considered to be junk securities. Below investmentgrade obligations are considered to be speculative and are subject to greater market and credit risks, and accordingly, the risk of non-payment or default is higher than with investmentgrade securities. In addition, such securities may be more sensitive to interest rate changes and more likely to receive early returns of principal. Certain ETFs held by the trust may invest in securities that are rated as investment-grade by only one rating agency. As a result, such split-rated securities may have more speculative characteristics and are subject to a greater risk of default than securities rated as investment-grade by more than one rating agency. Certain ETFs held by the trust invest in foreign securities. Investment in foreign securities presents additional risk. Foreign risk is the risk that foreign securities will be more volatile than U.S. securities due to such factors as adverse economic, currency, political, social or regulatory developments in a country, including government seizure of assets, excessive taxation, limitations on the use or transfer of assets, the lack of liquidity or regulatory controls with respect to certain industries or differing legal and/or accounting standards. Certain ETFs held by the trust invest in securities issued by companies headquartered or incorporated in countries considered to be emerging markets. Emerging markets are generally defined as countries with low per capita income in the initial stages of their industrialization cycles. Risks of investing in developing or emerging countries include the possibility of investment and trading limitations, liquidity concerns, delays and disruptions in settlement transactions, political uncertainties and dependence on international trade and development assistance. Companies headquartered in emerging market countries may be exposed to greater volatility and market risk. Certain ETFs held by the trust invest in senior loans. Borrowers under senior loans may default on their obligations to pay principal or interest when due. This non-payment would result in a reduction of income to the applicable ETF, a reduction in the value of the senior loan experiencing non-payment and a decrease in the net asset value of the ETF. Although senior loans in which the ETFs invest may be secured by specific collateral, there can be no assurance that liquidation of collateral would satisfy the borrower s obligation in the event of nonpayment of scheduled principal or interest or that such collateral could be readily liquidated. Senior loans in which the ETFs invest: generally are of below investmentgrade credit or junk quality; may be unrated at the time of investment; may be floating-rate instruments in which the interest rate payable 8 Investment Summary9 on the obligations fluctuates on a periodic basis based upon changes in the base lending rate; generally are not registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) or any state securities commission; and generally are not listed on any securities exchange. In addition, the amount of public information available on senior loans generally is less extensive than that available for other types of assets. The trust invests in securities issued by mid-capitalization companies and certain ETFs held by the trust may invest in securities issued by small-capitalization and mid-capitalization companies. These securities customarily involve more investment risk than securities of large-capitalization companies. Small-capitalization and midcapitalization companies may have limited product lines, markets or financial resources and may be more vulnerable to adverse general market or economic developments. Share prices or dividend rates on the securities in the trust may decline during the life of the trust. There is no guarantee that share prices of securities in the trust will not decline and that the issuers of the securities will declare dividends in the future and, if declared, whether they will remain at current levels or increase over time. Inflation may lead to a decrease in the value of assets or income from investments. The sponsor does not actively manage the portfolio. The trust will generally hold, and may, when creating additional units, continue to buy, the same securities even though a security s outlook, market value or yield may have changed. See Investment Risks in Part A of the prospectus and Risk Factors in Part B of the prospectus for additional information. Who Should Invest You should consider this investment if: The trust represents only a portion of your overall investment portfolio; The trust is part of a longer-term investment strategy that may include the investment in subsequent portfolios, if available; and The trust is combined with other investment vehicles to provide diversification of method to your overall portfolio. You should not consider this investment if: You are uncomfortable with the trust s investment strategy; You are uncomfortable with the risks of an unmanaged investment in securities; or You want capital preservation. Investment Summary 910 Fees and Expenses The amounts below are estimates of the direct and indirect fees and expenses that you may incur based on a $10 unit price. Actual expenses may vary. Percentage of Public Amount Per Offering $1,000 Investor Fees Price (4) Invested Initial sales fee paid on purchase (1) 1.00% $10.00 Deferred sales fee (2) Creation and development fee (3) Maximum sales fees (including creation and development fee) 3.95% $39.50 Estimated organization costs (amount per 100 units paid by the trust at the end of the initial offering period or after six months, at the discretion of the sponsor) $8.00 Approximate Annual Fund % of Public Operating Offering Amount Per Expenses Price (4) 100 Units Trustee s fee % $1.050 Sponsor s supervisory fee Evaluator s fee Bookkeeping and administrative fee Estimated other trust operating expenses (5) Estimated acquired fund expenses (6) Total % $4.139 (1) The initial sales fee provided above is based on the unit price on the Inception Date. Because the initial sales fee equals the difference between the maximum sales fee and the sum of the remaining deferred sales fee and the creation and development fee ( C&D Fee ) (as described below), the percentage and dollar amount of the initial sales fee will vary as the unit price varies and after deferred fees begin. Despite the variability of the initial sales fee, each investor is obligated to pay the entire applicable maximum sales fee. (2) The deferred sales fee is fixed at $0.245 per unit and is deducted in monthly installments of $ per unit on the last business day of each month in August 2016 and September 2016 and $ per unit on the last business day of October The percentage provided is based on a $10 per unit Public Offering Price as of the Inception Date and the percentage amount will vary over time. If units are redeemed prior to the deferred sales fee period, the entire deferred sales fee will be collected. (3) The C&D Fee compensates the sponsor for creating and developing your trust. The actual C&D Fee is $0.05 per unit and is paid to the sponsor at the close of the initial offering period, which is expected to be approximately three months from the Inception Date. The percentages provided are based on a $10 unit as of the Inception Date and the percentage amount will vary over time. If the unit price exceeds $10.00 per unit, the C&D Fee will be less than 0.50% of the Public Offering Price; if the unit price is less than $10.00 per unit, the C&D Fee will exceed 0.50% of the Public Offering Price. However, in no event will the maximum sales fee exceed 3.95% of a unitholder s initial investment. (4) Based on 100 units with a $10.00 per unit Public Offering Price as of the Inception Date. (5) The estimated trust operating expenses are based upon an estimated trust size of approximately $22.5 million. Because certain of the operating expenses are fixed amounts, if the trust does not reach such estimated size or falls below the estimated size over its life, the actual amount of the operating expenses may exceed the amounts reflected. In some cases, the actual amount of the operating expenses may greatly exceed the amounts reflected. Other operating expenses do not include brokerage costs and other transactional fees. (6) Although not an actual trust operating expense, the trust, and therefore the unitholders of the trust, will indirectly bear similar operating expenses of the ETFs held by the trust in the estimated amount provided above. Estimated ETF expenses are based upon the net asset value of the number of ETF shares held by the trust per unit multiplied by the Annual Operating Expenses of the ETFs for the most recent fiscal year. Unitholders will therefore indirectly pay higher expenses than if the underlying ETFs were held directly. Please note that the sponsor or an affiliate may be engaged as a service provider to certain ETFs held by your trust and therefore certain fees paid by your trust to such ETFs will be paid to the sponsor or an affiliate for its services to such ETFs. 10 Investment Summary11 Example This example helps you compare the costs of this trust with other unit trusts and mutual funds. In the example we assume that you reinvest your investment in a new trust every other year at a reduced sales charge, the trust s operating expenses do not change and the trust s annual return is 5%. Your actual returns and expenses will vary. Based on these assumptions, you would pay these expenses for every $10,000 you invest: 1 year $ years 1,002 5 years 1, years 2,649 These amounts are the same regardless of whether you sell your investment at the end of a period or continue to hold your investment. The example does not consider any brokerage fees the trust pays or transaction fees that broker-dealers may charge for processing redemption requests. See Expenses of the Trust in Part B of the prospectus for additional information. Investment Summary 1112 Trust Portfolio Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1447 Guggenheim Balanced Income Builder Portfolio, Series 15 The Trust Portfolio as of the Inception Date, April 20, 2016 Percentage of Aggregate Initial Per Share Cost To Ticker Company Name (1) Offer Price Shares Price Portfolio (2)(3) COMMON STOCKS (49.94%) Consumer Discretionary (5.83%) F Ford Motor Company 2.01% 225 $ $ 3,024 GM General Motors Company ,037 VIAB Viacom, Inc ,709 Energy (6.02%) CVX Chevron Corporation ,015 SE Spectra Energy Corporation ,017 VLO Valero Energy Corporation ,006 Financials (8.01%) HST Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (8) ,998 PRU Prudential Financial, Inc ,023 HCN Welltower, Inc. (8) ,996 WY Weyerhaeuser Company (8) ,006 Health Care (6.00%) ABBV AbbVie, Inc ,009 MRK Merck & Company, Inc ,014 PFE Pfizer, Inc ,993 Industrials (4.04%) CMI Cummins, Inc ,062 EMR Emerson Electric Company ,005 Information Technology (3.98%) HPQ HP, Inc ,978 QCOM QUALCOMM, Inc ,006 Materials (4.04%) IP International Paper Company ,961 MOS Mosaic Company ,104 Telecommunication Services (6.01%) T AT&T, Inc ,036 CTL CenturyLink, Inc ,977 VZ Verizon Communications, Inc ,021 Utilities (6.01%) DUK Duke Energy Corporation ,032 ETR Entergy Corporation ,981 SO Southern Company , Investment Summary13 Trust Portfolio (continued) Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1447 Guggenheim Balanced Income Builder Portfolio, Series 15 The Trust Portfolio as of the Inception Date, April 20, 2016 Percentage of Aggregate Initial Per Share Cost To Ticker Company Name (1) Offer Price Shares Price Portfolio (2)(3) EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS (50.06%) CSJ ishares 1-3 Year Credit Bond ETF 3.03% 43 $ $ 4,540 LQD ishares iboxx $ Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF ,552 MBB ishares MBS ETF ,014 TIP ishares TIPS Bond ETF (4) ,222 HYD Market Vectors High Yield Municipal Index ETF ,003 EMLC Market Vectors J.P. Morgan EM Local Currency Bond ETF ,514 BKLN PowerShares Senior Loan Portfolio ,993 JNK SPDR Barclays High Yield Bond ETF ,267 $ 150,124 (1) All securities are represented entirely by contracts to purchase securities, which were entered into by the sponsor on April 19, All contracts for securities are expected to be settled by the initial settlement date for the purchase of units. (2) Valuation of securities by the trustee was performed as of the Evaluation Time on April 19, For securities quoted on a national exchange, including the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc., securities are generally valued at the closing sale price using the market value per share. For foreign securities traded on a foreign exchange, securities are generally valued at the closing sale price on the applicable exchange converted into U.S. dollars. The trust s investments are classified as Level 1, which refers to security prices determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical securities. (3) There was a $101 loss to the sponsor on the Inception Date. The following footnotes only apply when noted. (4) Non-income producing security. (5) U.S.-listed foreign security based on the country of incorporation, which may differ from the way the company is classified for investment purposes and portfolio diversification purposes. (6) American Depositary Receipt ( ADR )/Global Depositary Receipt ( GDR )/CHESS Depositary Interest ( CDI )/New York Registry Share. (7) Foreign security listed on a foreign exchange, which may differ from the way the company is classified for investment purposes and portfolio diversification purposes. (8) Common stock of a real estate investment trust ( REIT ). (9) Common stock of a master limited partnership ( MLP ). Investment Summary 1314 UNDERSTANDING YOUR INVESTMENT How to Buy Units You can buy units of your trust on any business day by contacting your financial professional. Public offering prices of units are available daily on the Internet at  The unit price includes: the value of the securities, organization costs, the maximum sales fee (which includes an initial sales fee, a deferred sales fee and the creation and development fee), and cash and other net assets in the portfolio. We often refer to the purchase price of units as the offer price or the Public Offering Price. We must receive your order to buy units prior to the close of the New York Stock Exchange (normally 4:00 p.m. Eastern time) to give you the price for that day. If we receive your order after this time, you will receive the price computed on the next business day. Value of the Securities. The sponsor serves as the evaluator of the trust (the evaluator ). We cause the trustee to determine the value of the securities as of the close of the New York Stock Exchange on each day that the exchange is open (the Evaluation Time ). Pricing the Securities. The value of securities is generally determined by using the last sale price for securities traded on a national or foreign securities exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market. In some cases we will price a security based on the last asked or bid price in the over-the-counter market or by using other recognized pricing methods. We will only do this if a security is not principally traded on a national or foreign securities exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market, or if the market quotes are unavailable or inappropriate. If applicable, the trustee or its designee will value foreign securities primarily traded on foreign exchanges at their fair value which may be other than their market prices if the market quotes are unavailable or inappropriate. The trustee determined the initial prices of the securities shown in Trust Portfolio for your trust in this prospectus. Such prices were determined as described above at the close of the New York Stock Exchange on the business day before the date of this prospectus. On the first day we sell units we will compute the unit price as of the close of the New York Stock Exchange or the time the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission becomes effective, if later. Organization Costs. During the initial offering period, part of your purchase price includes a per unit amount sufficient to reimburse us for some or all of the costs of creating your trust. These costs include the costs of preparing the registration statement and legal documents, legal fees, federal and state registration fees, the portfolio consulting fee, if applicable, and the initial fees and expenses of the trustee. Your trust will sell securities to reimburse us for these costs at the end of the initial offering period or after six months, at the discretion of the sponsor. Organization costs will not exceed the estimate set forth under Fees and Expenses. Transactional Sales Fee. You pay a fee when you buy units. We refer to this fee as the 14 Understanding Your Investment15 transactional sales fee. The transactional sales fee has both an initial and a deferred component and is 3.45% of the Public Offering Price, based on a $10 unit. The percentage amount of the transactional sales fee is based on the unit price on the Inception Date. Because the transactional sales fee equals the difference between the maximum sales fee and the C&D Fee, the percentage and dollar amount of the transactional sales fee will vary as the unit price varies. The transactional sales fee does not include the C&D Fee which is described under Expenses of the Trust in Part B of the prospectus and in Fees and Expenses in Part A of the prospectus. Initial Sales Fee. Based on a $10 unit, the initial sales fee is initially 1% of the Public Offering Price. The initial sales fee, which you will pay at the time of purchase, is equal to the difference between the maximum sales fee (3.95% of the Public Offering Price) and the sum of the maximum remaining deferred sales fees and the C&D Fee (initially $0.295 per unit). The dollar amount and percentage amount of the initial sales fee will vary over time. Deferred Sales Fee. We defer payment of the rest of the transactional sales fee through the deferred sales fee ($0.245 per unit). You pay any remaining deferred sales fee when you sell or redeem units. The trust may sell securities to meet the trust s obligations with respect to the deferred sales fee. Thus, no assurance can be given that the trust will retain its present size and composition for any length of time. In limited circumstances and only if deemed in the best interests of unitholders, the sponsor may delay the payment of the deferred sales fee from the dates listed under Fees and Expenses. Reducing Your Sales Fee. We offer a variety of ways for you to reduce the maximum sales fee you pay. It is your financial professional s responsibility to alert us of any discount when you order units. Since the deferred sales fee and the C&D Fee are a fixed dollar amount per unit, your trust must charge the deferred sales fee and the C&D Fee per unit regardless of any discounts. However, when you purchase units of your trust, if you are eligible to receive a discount such that your total maximum sales fee is less than the fixed dollar amount of the deferred sales fee and the C&D Fee, the sponsor will credit you the difference between your maximum sales fee and the sum of the deferred sales fee and the C&D Fee at the time you buy units by providing you with additional units. Large Purchases. You can reduce your maximum sales fee by increasing the size of your investment. Investors who make large purchases are entitled to the following sales charge reductions: Sales Charge Reductions (as a % of the Public Purchase Amount Offering Price) Less than $50, % $50,000 - $99, $100,000 - $249, $250,000 - $499, $500,000 - $999, $1,000,000 or more 1.50 Aggregate unit purchases of any Guggenheim Funds trust by the same person on any single day from any one broker-dealer qualify for a purchase level. You can include these purchases as your own for purposes of this aggregation: purchases by your spouse or children under the age of 21 living in the same household, and Understanding Your Investment 1516 purchases by your trust estate or fiduciary accounts. The discounts described above apply only during the initial offering period. There can be no assurance that the sponsor will create future trusts with investment strategies similar to your trust or that may fit within your investment parameters. Advisory and Fee Accounts. We eliminate your transactional sales fee for purchases made through registered investment advisers, certified financial planners or registered broker-dealers who charge periodic fees in lieu of commissions or who charge for financial planning or for investment advisory or asset management services or provide these services as part of an investment account where a comprehensive wrap fee is imposed (a Fee Account ). This discount applies during the initial offering period and in the secondary market. Your financial professional may purchase units with the Fee Account CUSIP numbers to facilitate purchases under this discount, however, we do not require that you buy units with these CUSIP numbers to qualify for the discount. If you purchase units with these special CUSIP numbers, you should be aware that you may have the distributions automatically reinvest into additional units of your trust or receive cash distributions. We reserve the right to limit or deny purchases of units not subject to the transactional sales fee by investors whose frequent trading activity we determine to be detrimental to your trust. We, as sponsor, will receive and you will pay the C&D Fee. See Expenses of the Trust in Part B of the prospectus for more information. Exchange or Rollover Option. If you are buying units of your trust in the primary market with redemption or termination proceeds from any unit trust, you may purchase units at 99% of the maximum Public Offering Price, which may include an up-front sales fee and a deferred sales fee. To qualify for this sales charge reduction, the termination or redemption proceeds being used to purchase units of the trust must be no more than 30 days old. Such purchases entitled to this sales charge reduction may be classified as Rollover Purchases. An exchange or rollover is generally treated as a sale for federal income tax purposes. See Taxes in Part B of the prospectus. Rollover Purchases are also subject to the C&D Fee. See Expenses of the Trust in Part B of the prospectus. Employees. We do not charge the portion of the transactional sales fee that we would normally pay to your financial professional for purchases made by officers, directors and employees and their family members (spouses, children under the age of 21 living in the same household and parents) of Guggenheim Funds and its affiliates, or by employees of selling firms and their family members (spouses, children under the age of 21 living in the same household and parents). You pay only the portion of the fee that the sponsor retains. Such purchases are also subject to the C&D Fee. This discount applies during the initial offering period and in the secondary market. Only those broker-dealers that allow their employees to participate in employee discount programs will be eligible for this discount. Dividend Reinvestment Plan. We do not charge any transactional sales fee when you reinvest distributions from your trust into additional units of the trust. Since the deferred sales fee is a fixed dollar amount per unit, your trust must charge the deferred sales fee per unit regardless of this discount. If you elect the distribution reinvestment plan, we will credit 16 Understanding Your Investment17 you with additional units with a dollar value sufficient to cover the amount of any remaining deferred sales fee that will be collected on such units at the time of reinvestment. The dollar value of these units will fluctuate over time. This discount applies during the initial offering period and in the secondary market. See Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Units in Part B of the prospectus for more information regarding buying units. How We Distribute Units. We sell units to the public through broker-dealers and other firms. We pay part of the sales fee you pay to these distribution firms when they sell units. The distribution fee paid for a given transaction is as follows: Concession per Unit (as a Purchase Amount/ % of the Public Form of Purchase Offering Price) Less than $50, % $50,000 - $99, $100,000 - $249, $250,000 - $499, $500,000 - $999, $1,000,000 or more 1.80 Rollover Purchases 2.20 Fee Account and Employee Purchases 0.00 We apply these amounts as a percent of the unit price per transaction at the time of the transaction. Broker-dealers and other firms that sell units of certain Guggenheim Funds unit trusts are eligible to receive additional compensation for volume sales. Such payments will be in addition to the regular concessions paid to dealer firms as set forth in the applicable trust s prospectus. The additional payments will be as follows: Primary Offering Additional Period Sales During Volume Calendar Quarter Concession $0 but less than $10 million 0.000% $10 million but less than $25 million $25 million but less than $50 million $50 million or more Eligible unit trusts include all Guggenheim Funds unit trusts sold in the primary market. Redemptions of units during the primary offering period will reduce the amount of units used to calculate the volume concessions. In addition, dealer firms will not receive volume concessions on the sale of units which are not subject to a transactional sales fee. However, such sales will be included in determining whether a firm has met the sales level breakpoints for volume concessions. Guggenheim Funds reserves the right to modify or terminate the volume concession program at any time. The sponsor may also pay to certain dealers an administrative fee for information or service used in connection with the distribution of trust units. Such amounts will be in addition to any concessions received for the sale of units. In addition to the concessions described above, the sponsor may pay additional compensation out of its own assets to brokerdealers that meet certain sales targets and that have agreed to provide services relating to the trust to their customers. Other Compensation and Benefits to Broker-Dealers. The sponsor, at its own expense and out of its own profits, may provide additional Understanding Your Investment 1718 compensation and benefits to broker-dealers who sell shares of units of the trust and other Guggenheim Funds products. This compensation is intended to result in additional sales of Guggenheim Funds products and/or compensate broker-dealers and financial advisors for past sales. A number of factors are considered in determining whether to pay these additional amounts. Such factors may include, but are not limited to, the level or type of services provided by the intermediary, the level or expected level of sales of Guggenheim Funds products by the intermediary or its agents, the placing of Guggenheim Funds products on a preferred or recommended product list, access to an intermediary s personnel, and other factors. The sponsor makes these payments for marketing, promotional or related expenses, including, but not limited to, expenses of entertaining retail customers and financial advisers, advertising, sponsorship of events or seminars, obtaining information about the breakdown of unit sales among an intermediary s representatives or offices, obtaining shelf space in broker-dealer firms and similar activities designed to promote the sale of the sponsor s products. The sponsor may make such payments to many intermediaries that sell Guggenheim Funds products. The sponsor may also make certain payments to, or on behalf of, intermediaries to defray a portion of their costs incurred for the purpose of facilitating unit sales, such as the costs of developing trading or purchasing trading systems to process unit trades. Payments of such additional compensation, some of which may be characterized as revenue sharing, may create an incentive for financial intermediaries and their agents to sell or recommend a Guggenheim Funds product, including your trust, over products offered by other sponsors or fund companies. These arrangements will not change the price you pay for your units. We generally register units for sale in various states in the United States. We do not register units for sale in any foreign country. It is your financial professional s responsibility to make sure that units are registered or exempt from registration if you are a foreign investor or if you want to buy units in another country. This prospectus does not constitute an offer of units in any state or country where units cannot be offered or sold lawfully. We may reject any order for units in whole or in part. We may gain or lose money when we hold units in the primary or secondary market due to fluctuations in unit prices. The gain or loss is equal to the difference between the price we pay for units and the price at which we sell or redeem them. We may also gain or lose money when we deposit securities to create units. For example, we lost the amount set forth in the trust s Trust Portfolio on the initial deposit of securities into the trust. See Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Units in Part B of the prospectus for additional information. How to Sell Your Units You can sell your units on any business day by contacting your financial professional or, in some cases, the trustee. Unit prices are available daily on the Internet at  or through your financial professional. We often refer to the sale price of units as the liquidation price. You pay any remaining deferred sales fee when you sell or redeem your units. Certain broker-dealers may charge a transaction fee for processing unit redemptions or sale requests. 18 Understanding Your Investment19 Until the end of the initial offering period or six months after the Inception Date, at the discretion of the sponsor, the price at which the trustee will redeem units and the price at which the sponsor may repurchase units include estimated organization costs. After such period, the amount paid will not include such estimated organization costs. If units of the trust are redeemed prior to the deferred sales fee period, the entire deferred sales fee will be collected. Selling Units. We do not intend to but may maintain a secondary market for units. This means that if you want to sell your units, we may buy them at the current price which is based on their net asset value. We may then resell the units to other investors at the public offering price or redeem them for the redemption price. Our secondary market repurchase price is generally the same as the redemption price. Certain broker-dealers might also maintain a secondary market in units. You should contact your financial professional for current unit prices to determine the best price available. We may discontinue our secondary market at any time without notice. Even if we do not make a market, you will be able to redeem your units with the trustee on any business day for the current price. Redeeming Units. You may also be able to redeem your units directly with the trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, on any day the New York Stock Exchange is open. The trustee must receive your completed redemption request prior to the close of the New York Stock Exchange for you to receive the unit price for a particular day. (For what constitutes a completed redemption request, see Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Units Redemption in Part B of the prospectus.) If your request is received after that time or is incomplete in any way, you will receive the next price computed after the trustee receives your completed request. Rather than contacting the trustee directly, your financial professional may also be able to redeem your units by using the Investors Voluntary Redemptions and Sales (IVORS) automated redemption service offered through Depository Trust Company. If you redeem your units, the trustee will generally send you a payment for your units no later than three business days after it receives all necessary documentation. At the sponsor s discretion, certain redemptions may be made by an in-kind distribution of the securities underlying the units in lieu of cash. You can generally request an in-kind distribution of the securities underlying your units if you own units worth at least $25,000 or you originally paid at least that amount for your units. This option is generally available only for securities traded and held in the United States and is not available within 30 business days of the trust s termination. We may modify or discontinue this option at any time without notice. If you request an in-kind distribution of the securities underlying units of your trust, you will incur any distribution or service fees (Rule 12b-1 fees) applicable to those securities. Exchange Option. You may be able to exchange your units for units of other Guggenheim Funds unit trusts at a reduced sales fee. You can contact your financial professional or Guggenheim Funds for more information about trusts currently available for exchanges. Before you exchange units, you should read the prospectus carefully and understand the risks and fees. You should then discuss this option with your financial professional to determine whether your investment goals have changed, whether current trusts suit you and to discuss tax consequences. Understanding Your Investment 1920 To qualify for a reduced sales fee, you may need to meet certain criteria. We may discontinue this option at any time. For more complete information regarding selling or redeeming your units, see Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Units in Part B of the prospectus. Distributions Dividends. Your trust generally pays dividends from its net investment income, if any, along with any excess capital on each distribution date to unitholders of record on the preceding record date. You can elect to: reinvest distributions in additional units of your trust at no fee, or receive distributions in cash. You may change your election by contacting your financial professional or the trustee. Once you elect to participate in a reinvestment program, the trustee will automatically reinvest your distributions into additional units at their net asset value three business days prior to the distribution date. We waive the sales fee for reinvestments into units of your trust. We cannot guarantee that units will always be available for reinvestment. If units are unavailable, you will receive cash distributions. We may discontinue these options at any time without notice. Distributions will be made from the Income and Capital Accounts on the distribution date provided the aggregate amount available for distribution equals at least 0.1% of the net asset value of your trust. Undistributed money in the Income and Capital Accounts will be distributed in the next month in which the aggregate amount available for distribution equals or exceeds 0.1% of the net asset value of your trust. In some cases, your trust might pay a special distribution if it holds an excessive amount of principal pending distribution. For example, this could happen as a result of a merger or similar transaction involving a company whose security is in your portfolio. The amount of your distributions will vary from time to time as companies change their dividends, trust expenses change or as a result of changes in the trust s portfolio. Reinvest in Your Trust. You can keep your money working by electing to reinvest your distributions in additional units of your trust. The easiest way to do this is to have your financial professional purchase units with one of the Reinvestment CUSIP numbers listed in the Investment Summary section of this prospectus. You may also make or change your election by contacting your financial professional or the trustee. This reinvestment option may be subject to availability or limitation by the broker-dealer or selling firm. In certain circumstances, brokerdealers may suspend or terminate the offering of a reinvestment option at any time. Reports. The trustee will send your financial professional a statement showing income and other receipts of your trust for each distribution. Each year the trustee will also provide an annual report on your trust s activity and certain tax information. You can request copies of security evaluations to enable you to complete your tax forms and audited financial statements for your trust, if available. See Administration of the Trust in Part B of the prospectus for additional information. 20 Understanding Your Investment  View more














Similar documents





Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1475. MLP & Energy Funds Portfolio, Series 14



        Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1475 MLP & Energy Funds Portfolio, Series 14 GUGGENHEIM LOGO PROSPECTUS PART A DATED JUNE 22, 2016 A portfolio containing securities selected by Guggenheim Funds Distributors,    

        More information 




Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1369. Financials Portfolio, Series 5. Guggenheim US SMID High Dividend Portfolio, Series 18



        Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1369 Financials Portfolio, Series 5 Guggenheim US High Dividend Strategy Portfolio, Series 18 Guggenheim US SMID High Dividend Portfolio, Series 18 GUGGENHEIM LOGO    

        More information 




PowerShares Smart Beta Income Portfolio 2016-1 PowerShares Smart Beta Growth & Income Portfolio 2016-1 PowerShares Smart Beta Growth Portfolio 2016-1



        PowerShares Smart Beta Income Portfolio 2016-1 PowerShares Smart Beta Growth & Income Portfolio 2016-1 PowerShares Smart Beta Growth Portfolio 2016-1 The unit investment trusts named above (the Portfolios    

        More information 




Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1328. Guggenheim Investment Grade Corporate Trust 3-7 Year, Series 1



        Guggenheim Defined Portfolios, Series 1328 Guggenheim Investment Grade Corporate Trust 3-7 Year, Series 1 [Guggenheim logo] A portfolio primarily containing investment-grade corporate debt obligations    

        More information 




Federated High Income Bond Fund II



        Summary Prospectus April 30, 2016 Share Class Primary Federated High Income Bond Fund II A Portfolio of Federated Insurance Series Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus, which    

        More information 




ALLOCATION STRATEGIES A, C, & I SHARES PROSPECTUS August 1, 2015



        ALLOCATION STRATEGIES A, C, & I SHARES PROSPECTUS August 1, 2015 Investment Adviser: RidgeWorth Investments A Shares C Shares I Shares Aggressive Growth Allocation Strategy SLAAX CLVLX CVMGX Conservative    

        More information 




Managed Account Series BlackRock U.S. Mortgage Portfolio (the Fund )



        Minimum Initial Investment Minimum Additional Investment Managed Account Series BlackRock U.S. Mortgage Portfolio (the Fund ) Supplement dated August 28, 2015 to the Summary Prospectus of the Fund This    

        More information 




Putnam RetirementReady Funds 11 30 07 Prospectus



        Putnam RetirementReady Funds 11 30 07 Prospectus CONTENTS Fund summaries......................2 Goals..............................2 Main investment strategies.............2 Main risks...........................5    

        More information 




A guide to investing in unit investment trusts



        A guide to investing in unit investment trusts What you should know before you buy Wells Fargo Advisors wants to ensure that you are investing in the products that best suit your financial situation, investment    

        More information 




Edward Jones Money Market Fund



        Edward Jones Money Market Fund S U M M A R Y P R O S P E C T U S April 30, 2015 INVESTMENT SHARES (TICKER JNSXX) RETIREMENT SHARES (TICKER JRSXX) Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus,    

        More information 




Equity Opportunity Trust Value Select Ten Series 2008A (A Unit Investment Trust)



        Equity Opportunity Trust Value Select Ten Series 2008A (A Unit Investment Trust) Designed for Total Return From: Current Dividend Income Capital Appreciation Portfolio of 10 Highest Dividend Yielding Dow    

        More information 




Putnam Stable Value Fund



        Putnam Stable Value Fund Offering Statement 3 15 16 Goal 2 What is Putnam Stable Value Fund? 2 Investment strategy 2 Risks of the Fund 5 Eligibility 6 Fund provisions 7 Fees and Expenses 9 Putnam Fiduciary    

        More information 




SPDR Wells Fargo Preferred Stock ETF



        SPDR Wells Fargo Preferred Stock ETF Summary Prospectus-October 31, 2015 PSK (NYSE Ticker) Before you invest in the SPDR Wells Fargo Preferred Stock ETF (the Fund ), you may want to review the Fund's prospectus    

        More information 




Daily Income Fund Retail Class Shares ( Retail Shares )



        Daily Income Fund Retail Class Shares ( Retail Shares ) Money Market Portfolio Ticker Symbol: DRTXX U.S. Treasury Portfolio No Ticker Symbol U.S. Government Portfolio Ticker Symbol: DREXX Municipal Portfolio    

        More information 




PRMDX MDXBX TMDXX. T. Rowe Price. Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond Fund Maryland Tax-Free Bond Fund Maryland Tax-Free Money Fund PROSPECTUS



        PROSPECTUS PRMDX MDXBX TMDXX T. Rowe Price Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond Fund Maryland Tax-Free Bond Fund Maryland Tax-Free Money Fund July 1, 2016 A short-term bond fund, longer-term bond fund, and    

        More information 




Class / Ticker Symbol Fund Name Class A Class C Class C1 Class I



        Mutual Funds Prospectus August 31, 2011 Nuveen Municipal Bond Funds Dependable, tax-free income because it s not what you earn, it s what you keep. Class / Ticker Symbol Fund Name Class A Class C Class    

        More information 




Federated Total Return Government Bond Fund



        Summary Prospectus April 30, 2016 Share Class Institutional Service Ticker FTRGX FTGSX Federated Total Return Government Bond Fund Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus, which    

        More information 




Federated Mid-Cap Index Fund



        Summary Prospectus December 31, 2015 Share Class Institutional Service Ticker FMCRX FMDCX Federated Mid-Cap Index Fund A Portfolio of Federated Index Trust Before you invest, you may want to review the    

        More information 




A guide to investing in cash alternatives



        A guide to investing in cash alternatives What you should know before you buy Wells Fargo Advisors wants to help you invest in cash alternative products that are suitable for you based on your investment    

        More information 




Understanding mutual fund share classes, fees and certain risk considerations



        Disclosure Understanding mutual fund share classes, fees and certain risk considerations Highlights Mutual funds may offer different share classes most commonly in retail brokerage accounts, Class A, B    

        More information 




DFA INVESTMENT DIMENSIONS GROUP INC.



        PROSPECTUS February 28, 2014 Please carefully read the important information it contains before investing. DFA INVESTMENT DIMENSIONS GROUP INC. PORTFOLIOS FOR LONG-TERM INVESTORS SEEKING TO INVEST IN:    

        More information 




SPDR EURO STOXX 50 ETF



        FEZ (NYSE Ticker) Summary Prospectus-January 31, 2016 Before you invest in the SPDR EURO STOXX 50 ETF (the Fund ), you may want to review the Fund's prospectus and statement of additional information,    

        More information 




California Tax-Free Bond Fund



        SUMMARY PROSPECTUS PRXCX July 1, 2015 T. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Bond Fund A longer-term bond fund seeking income exempt from federal and California state income taxes. Before you invest, you may    

        More information 




Federated Quality Bond Fund II



        Summary Prospectus April 30, 2015 Share Class Primary Federated Quality Bond Fund II A Portfolio of Federated Insurance Series Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus, which contains    

        More information 




A GUIDE TO MUTUAL FUND INVESTING



        Many investors turn to mutual funds to meet their long-term financial goals. They offer the benefits of diversification and professional management and are seen as an easy and efficient way to invest.    

        More information 




NOTICE TO INVESTORS: THE NOTES ARE SIGNIFICANTLY RISKIER THAN CONVENTIONAL DEBT INSTRUMENTS.



        PRICING SUPPLEMENT Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) Registration Statement No. 333-171806 Dated May 22, 2013 Royal Bank of Canada Airbag Autocallable Yield Optimization Notes $6,732,000 Notes Linked to    

        More information 




Brown Advisory Strategic Bond Fund Class/Ticker: Institutional Shares / (Not Available for Sale)



        Summary Prospectus October 30, 2015 Brown Advisory Strategic Bond Fund Class/Ticker: Institutional Shares / (Not Available for Sale) Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus, which    

        More information 




Catalyst/Princeton Floating Rate Income Fund Class A: CFRAX Class C: CFRCX Class I: CFRIX SUMMARY PROSPECTUS NOVEMBER 1, 2015



        Catalyst/Princeton Floating Rate Income Fund Class A: CFRAX Class C: CFRCX Class I: CFRIX SUMMARY PROSPECTUS NOVEMBER 1, 2015 Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s complete prospectus, which    

        More information 




Summary Prospectus April 25, 2016. JNL Institutional Alt 50 Fund Class A



        Summary Prospectus April 25, 2016 JNL Institutional Alt 50 Fund Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus, which contains more information about the Fund and its risks. You can find    

        More information 




THE BERWYN FUNDS. Shareholder Services Ultimus Fund Solutions, LLC P.O. Box 46707 Cincinnati, Ohio 45246-0707 800-992-6757



        THE BERWYN FUNDS Shareholder Services Ultimus Fund Solutions, LLC P.O. Box 46707 Cincinnati, Ohio 45246-0707 800-992-6757 Berwyn Fund (BERWX) Berwyn Income Fund (BERIX) Berwyn Cornerstone Fund (BERCX)    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS SIPT VP Conservative Strategy Fund (SVPTX) Class II



        April 30, 2016 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS SIPT VP Conservative Strategy Fund (SVPTX) Class II Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus, which contains information about the Fund and its    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT



        DIVERSIFIED ASSETS PORTFOLIO SUMMARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT NORTHERN INSTITUTIONAL FUNDS DIVERSIFIED ASSETS PORTFOLIO SHARES SUPPLEMENT DATED MAY 27, 2016 TO SUMMARY PROSPECTUS DATED APRIL 1, 2016 The Summary    

        More information 




Spectrum Growth Fund Spectrum Income Fund Spectrum International Fund



        PROSPECTUS PRSGX RPSIX PSILX T. Rowe Price Spectrum Growth Fund Spectrum Income Fund Spectrum International Fund May 1, 2016 Three broadly diversified growth, income, and international funds that invest    

        More information 




Summary Prospectus August 28, 2015, as revised September 21, 2015



        EXCHANGE TRADED CONCEPTS TRUST ROBO Global TM Robotics and Automation Index ETF Summary Prospectus August 28, 2015, as revised September 21, 2015 Principal Listing Exchange for the Fund: NASDAQ Stock Market    

        More information 




HSBC Mutual Funds. Simplified Prospectus June 8, 2015



        HSBC Mutual Funds Simplified Prospectus June 8, 2015 Offering Investor Series, Advisor Series, Premium Series, Manager Series and Institutional Series units of the following Funds: HSBC Global Corporate    

        More information 




FREE MARKET U.S. EQUITY FUND FREE MARKET INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FUND FREE MARKET FIXED INCOME FUND of THE RBB FUND, INC. PROSPECTUS.



        FREE MARKET U.S. EQUITY FUND FREE MARKET INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FUND FREE MARKET FIXED INCOME FUND of THE RBB FUND, INC. PROSPECTUS December 31, 2014 Investment Adviser: MATSON MONEY, INC. 5955 Deerfield    

        More information 




2016 Summary Prospectus



        April 18, 2016 Global X S&P 500 Catholic Values ETF NASDAQ: CATH 2016 Summary Prospectus Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund's prospectus, which contains more information about the Fund    

        More information 




Daily Income Fund Retail Class Shares ( Retail Shares )



        Daily Income Fund Retail Class Shares ( Retail Shares ) Money Market Portfolio Ticker Symbol: DRTXX U.S. Treasury Portfolio No Ticker Symbol U.S. Government Portfolio Ticker Symbol: DREXX Municipal Portfolio    

        More information 




MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND



        This Prospectus describes the following Funds. MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND MML Money Market Fund seeks to maximize current income, preserve capital and maintain liquidity by investing in money market instruments.    

        More information 




PROSHARES S&P 500 EX-FINANCIALS ETF



        SUMMARY PROSPECTUS SEPTEMBER 17, 2015 SPXN PROSHARES S&P 500 EX-FINANCIALS ETF SPXN LISTED ON NYSE ARCA This Summary Prospectus is designed to provide investors with key fund information in a clear and    

        More information 




CNI CHARTER FUNDS. Dividend & Income Fund Class N. Intermediate Fixed Income Fund Class N. Fixed Income Opportunities Fund Class N



        CNI CHARTER FUNDS Dividend & Income Fund Class N Intermediate Fixed Income Fund Class N Fixed Income Opportunities Fund Class N Emerging Markets Fund Class N Supplement dated February 26, 2013, to the    

        More information 




Important Information about Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)



        Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Important Information about Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) Baird has prepared this document to help you understand the characteristics and risks associated with    

        More information 




Prospectus December 18, 2015 Private Investment Classes



        Prospectus December 18, 2015 Private Investment Classes Liquid Assets Portfolio (LPVXX) STIC Prime Portfolio (SPVXX) Treasury Portfolio (TPFXX) Government & Agency Portfolio (GPVXX) Government TaxAdvantage    

        More information 




ADVISORSHARES YIELDPRO ETF (NASDAQ Ticker: YPRO) SUMMARY PROSPECTUS November 1, 2015



        ADVISORSHARES YIELDPRO ETF (NASDAQ Ticker: YPRO) SUMMARY PROSPECTUS November 1, 2015 Before you invest in the AdvisorShares Fund, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus and statement of additional    

        More information 




DFA INVESTMENT DIMENSIONS GROUP INC.



        PROSPECTUS February 28, 2015 Please carefully read the important information it contains before investing. DFA INVESTMENT DIMENSIONS GROUP INC. DFA ONE-YEAR FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIO Ticker: DFIHX DFA TWO-YEAR    

        More information 




Federated New York Municipal Income Fund



        Summary Prospectus October 31, 2015 Share Class A B Ticker NYIFX NYIBX Federated New York Municipal Income Fund A Portfolio of Federated Municipal Securities Income Trust Before you invest, you may want    

        More information 




Short-Term Bond Fund



        SUMMARY PROSPECTUS PRWBX October 1, 2015 T. Rowe Price Short-Term Bond Fund A bond fund seeking income with minimal fluctuations in principal value through investments in shorter-term investment-grade    

        More information 




Templeton Institutional Funds



        Prospectus May 1, 2016 Templeton Institutional Funds The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has not approved or disapproved these securities or passed upon the adequacy of this prospectus. Any    

        More information 




EP Asia Small Companies Fund EP Latin America Fund EP China Fund Each a series of Investment Managers Series Trust



        EP Asia Small Companies Fund EP Latin America Fund EP China Fund Each a series of Investment Managers Series Trust Supplement dated June 30, 2015, to the Summary Prospectus dated March 5, 2015, and the    

        More information 




Series of Shares B, B-6, E, F, F-6, O B, E, F, O O A, B



        No securities regulatory authority has expressed an opinion about these securities and it is an offence to claim otherwise. The Funds and their securities offered under this Annual Information Form are    

        More information 




RBC Money Market Funds Prospectus



        RBC Money Market Funds Prospectus November 25, 2015 Prime Money Market Fund RBC Institutional Class 1: RBC Institutional Class 2: RBC Select Class: RBC Reserve Class: RBC Investor Class: TPNXX TKIXX TKSXX    

        More information 




2016 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS



        JULY 1, 2016 (as revised July 25, 2016) 2016 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS ishares iboxx $ Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF LQD NYSE ARCA Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus, which    

        More information 




T. Rowe Price Target Retirement 2030 Fund Advisor Class



        T. Rowe Price Target Retirement 2030 Fund Advisor Class Supplement to Summary Prospectus Dated October 1, 2015 Effective February 1, 2016, the T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Index Fund and the T. Rowe Price Small-Cap    

        More information 




Institutional Money Market Funds



        Prospectus June 1, 2016 Institutional Money Market Funds Wells Fargo Fund Wells Fargo Cash Investment Money Market Fund Wells Fargo Heritage Money Market Fund Wells Fargo Municipal Cash Management Money    

        More information 




SPDR S&P 400 Mid Cap Value ETF



        SPDR S&P 400 Mid Cap Value ETF Summary Prospectus-October 31, 2015 Before you invest in the SPDR S&P 400 Mid Cap Value ETF (the Fund ), you may want to review the Fund's prospectus and statement of additional    

        More information 




Guide to mutual fund investing



        Guide to mutual fund investing Many investors turn to mutual funds to meet their long-term financial goals. They offer the benefits of diversification and professional management, and are seen as an easy    

        More information 




ADVISORSHARES TRUST. AdvisorShares Pacific Asset Enhanced Floating Rate ETF NYSE Arca Ticker: FLRT



        ADVISORSHARES TRUST AdvisorShares Pacific Asset Enhanced Floating Rate ETF NYSE Arca Ticker: FLRT Supplement dated February 26, 2016 to the Summary Prospectus, Prospectus, and Statement of Additional Information    

        More information 




Wells Fargo/BlackRock Short Term Investment Fund COLLECTIVE FUND DISCLOSURE



        Wells Fargo/BlackRock Short Term Investment Fund COLLECTIVE FUND DISCLOSURE Wells Fargo/BlackRock Short Term Investment Fund This disclosure summarizes information about the Short Term Investment Fund    

        More information 




Important Information about Closed-End Funds and Unit Investment Trusts



        Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Important Information about Closed-End Funds and Unit Investment Trusts Baird has prepared this document to help you understand the characteristics and risks associated    

        More information 




BBIF Government Securities Fund BBIF Tax-Exempt Fund. Shareholders should retain this Supplement for future reference.



        BBIF Government Securities Fund BBIF Tax-Exempt Fund Supplement dated April 22, 2016 to the Prospectus, Summary Prospectuses and Statement of Additional Information of the Funds, dated January 4, 2016    

        More information 




Positioning Fixed Income for Rising Interest Rates



        Positioning Fixed Income for Rising Interest Rates Investment Case: High-Yield Bonds Hedged with U.S. Treasuries Market Vectors Investment Grade Floating Rate ETF Designed to hedge the risk of rising interest    

        More information 




City National Rochdale High Yield Bond Fund a series of City National Rochdale Funds



        City National Rochdale High Yield Bond Fund a series of City National Rochdale Funds SUMMARY PROSPECTUS DATED JANUARY 31, 2015, AS SUPPLEMENTED MAY 1, 2015 Class: Institutional Class Servicing Class Class    

        More information 




34,000,000 Shares Puerto Rico Fixed Income Fund V, Inc. Common Stock



        Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated May 29, 2007 34,000,000 Shares Puerto Rico Fixed Income Fund V, Inc. Common Stock This Prospectus Supplement relates to the issuance by Puerto Rico Fixed Income    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS. BlackRock Funds SM. Service Shares BlackRock Science & Technology Opportunities Portfolio Service: BSTSX JANUARY 28, 2016



        JANUARY 28, 2016 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS BlackRock Funds SM Service Shares BlackRock Science & Technology Opportunities Portfolio Service: BSTSX Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus,    

        More information 




American Funds Insurance Series Portfolio Series. Prospectus May 1, 2015. American Funds Managed Risk Global Allocation Portfolio



        American Funds Insurance Series Portfolio Series Prospectus May 1, 2015 Class 4 shares American Funds Global Growth Portfolio American Funds Growth and Income Portfolio Class P2 shares American Funds Managed    

        More information 




Institutional Money Market Fund



        Institutional Money Market Fund July 29, 2015 Prospectus Enclosed Institutional Money Market Fund Prospectus July 29, 2015 As with other mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange Commission has not approved    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS. TCW High Yield Bond Fund FEBRUARY 29 I SHARE: TGHYX N SHARE: TGHNX



        TCW High Yield Bond Fund I SHARE: TGHYX N SHARE: TGHNX 20 6 FEBRUARY 29 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus which contain more information about the Fund    

        More information 




John Hancock Funds III Supplement dated January 3, 2014 to the current Summary Prospectuses, as supplemented



        John Hancock Funds III Supplement dated January 3, 2014 to the current Summary Prospectuses, as supplemented John Hancock International Allocation Portfolio At its quarterly December meeting, the Board    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS. TCW Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Opportunities Fund FEBRUARY 29 I SHARE: TGMAX N SHARE: TGMEX



        TCW Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Opportunities Fund I SHARE: TGMAX N SHARE: TGMEX 20 6 FEBRUARY 29 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus which contain more    

        More information 




Prospectus. Class / Ticker Symbol Fund Name Class A Class C Class R3 Class I



        Mutual Funds Prospectus January 31, 2014 For investors seeking long-term capital appreciation. Nuveen Equity Funds Class / Ticker Symbol Fund Name Class A Class C Class R3 Class I Nuveen Symphony International    

        More information 




WST ASSET MANAGER U.S. EQUITY FUND



        Prospectus December 18, 2015 WST ASSET MANAGER U.S. EQUITY FUND Investor Shares (Ticker Symbol: WSTEX) Institutional Shares (Ticker Symbol: WSTIX) WST ASSET MANAGER U.S. BOND FUND Investor Shares (Ticker    

        More information 




Redemption of Shares Class A Sales Charge Waivers beginning on page 37 of the Fund s Statement of Additional Information.



        USA Mutuals Barrier Fund Trading Symbols: Institutional Class Shares VICVX Investor Class Shares VICEX Class A Shares VICAX Class C Shares VICCX Summary Prospectus July 29, 2015 Before you invest, you    

        More information 




Federated U.S. Treasury Cash Reserves



        Prospectus June 30, 2016 Share Class Ticker Institutional UTIXX Service TISXX The information contained herein relates to all classes of the Fund s Shares, as listed above, unless otherwise noted. Federated    

        More information 




2015 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS



        DECEMBER 1, 2015 2015 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS ishares North American Tech-Multimedia Networking ETF IGN NYSE ARCA Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus, which contains more information    

        More information 




The Fund s investment objective is to seek to provide a level of current income consistent with limited price volatility.



        SUMMARY PROSPECTUS June 30, 2016 DoubleLine Ultra Short Bond Fund DoubleLine F U N D S Share Class (Ticker): Class I (DBULX) Class N (DLUSX) Before you invest, you may wish to review the Fund s Prospectus,    

        More information 




Federated Municipal Obligations Fund



        Summary Prospectus June 2, 2015 Share Class Cash Series Ticker MFSXX Federated Municipal Obligations Fund A Portfolio of Money Market Obligations Trust Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund    

        More information 




STATE STREET INSTITUTIONAL INVESTMENT TRUST. Supplement Dated January 30, 2014. Prospectus Dated April 30, 2013



        STATE STREET INSTITUTIONAL INVESTMENT TRUST Supplement Dated January 30, 2014 Prospectus Dated April 30, 2013 State Street Institutional U.S. Government Money Market Fund State Street Institutional Treasury    

        More information 




2016 Summary Prospectus



        March 1, 2016 Global X Permanent ETF NYSE Arca, Inc: PERM 2016 Summary Prospectus Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund's prospectus, which contains more information about the Fund and its    

        More information 




Mutual Funds Made Simple. Brighten your future with investments



        Mutual Funds Made Simple Brighten your future with investments About Invesco Aim When it comes to investing, your sights are set on a financial summit a college diploma, new home or secure retirement.    

        More information 




Why Invest in a Non-Traded Business Development Company?



        Why Invest in a Non-Traded Business Development Company? This literature must be read in conjunction with the prospectus in order to fully understand all of the implications and risks of the offering of    

        More information 




RBC Fixed Income Funds Prospectus



        RBC Fixed Income Funds Prospectus July 29, 2016 RBC Short Duration Fixed Income Fund Class I: RSDIX Class F: RSHFX RBC Ultra-Short Fixed Income Fund Class I: RUSIX Class F: RULFX As with all mutual funds,    

        More information 




Prospectus Socially Responsible Funds



        Prospectus Socially Responsible Funds Calvert Social Investment Fund (CSIF) Balanced Portfolio Equity Portfolio Enhanced Equity Portfolio Bond Portfolio Money Market Portfolio Calvert Social Index Fund    

        More information 




State Street Institutional Investment Trust



        Prospectus Dated April 29, 2016, as revised August 26, 2016 State Street Institutional Investment Trust State Street Institutional U.S. Government Money Market Fund Institutional Class (SAHXX) Administration    

        More information 




BlackRock Diversified Income Portfolio. A portfolio from Fidelity Investments designed to seek income while managing risk



        BlackRock Diversified Income Portfolio A portfolio from Fidelity Investments designed to seek income while managing risk Fidelity Investments has formed a strategic alliance with BlackRock Investment Management,    

        More information 




Janus Investment Fund



        October 26, 2012 Class A Shares Ticker Class C Shares Ticker Class S Shares Ticker Class I Shares Ticker Class N Shares Ticker Class R Shares Ticker Class T Shares Ticker Fixed Income Janus Flexible Bond    

        More information 




PureFunds TM ISE Big Data ETF Trading Symbol: BDAT Listed on NYSE Arca. Summary Prospectus January 31, 2016. www.pureetfs.com



        PureFunds TM ISE Big Data ETF Trading Symbol: BDAT Listed on NYSE Arca Summary Prospectus January 31, 2016 www.pureetfs.com Before you invest, you may want to review the PureFunds TM ISE Big Data ETF s    

        More information 




Bond Fund of the TIAA-CREF Life Funds



        Summary Prospectus MAY 1, 2015 Bond Fund of the TIAA-CREF Life Funds Ticker: TLBDX Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus, which contains more information about the Fund and its    

        More information 




General Money Market Funds



        D.A. Davidson & Co. member SIPC General Money Market Funds Class B Shares General Money Market Fund, Inc. (GMBXX) General Government Securities Money Market Fund (GSBXX) General Treasury Prime Money Market    

        More information 




SUP-0115-0216 AB BOND FUNDS -AB



        SUP-0115-0216 AB BOND FUNDS -AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio -AB High Yield Portfolio -AB Intermediate Bond Portfolio -AB Limited Duration High Income Portfolio -AB Tax-Aware Fixed Income Portfolio -AB    

        More information 




BRANDES. Brandes Core Plus Fixed Income Fund Class A BCPAX Class E BCPEX Class I BCPIX. Brandes Credit Focus Yield Fund Class A BCFAX Class I BCFIX



        BRANDES Brandes Core Plus Fixed Income Fund Class A BCPAX Class E BCPEX Class I BCPIX Brandes Credit Focus Yield Fund Class A BCFAX Class I BCFIX Prospectus January 30, 2015 The U.S. Securities and Exchange    

        More information 




NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



        STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors of    

        More information 




INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE The Fund s investment objective is to seek to maximize total returns from price appreciation and income.



        SUMMARY PROSPECTUS January 31, 2013 AllianceBernstein High Income Fund Ticker: Class A AGDAX; Class B AGDBX; Class C AGDCX; Advisor Class AGDYX; Class R AGDRX; Class K AGDKX; Class I AGDIX Before you invest,    

        More information 




2015 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS



        DECEMBER 31, 2015 2015 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS ishares MSCI All Peru Capped ETF EPU NYSE ARCA Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus, which contains more information about the Fund    

        More information 




Investment Companies



        Mutual Funds Mutual Funds Investment companies Financial intermediaries that collect funds form individual investors and invest those funds in a potentially wide rande of securities or other asstes Polling    

        More information 




BTS BOND ASSET ALLOCATION FUND



        BTS BOND ASSET ALLOCATION FUND CLASS A SHARES: BTSAX CLASS C SHARES: BTSCX BTS HEDGED INCOME FUND CLASS A SHARES: BDIAX CLASS C SHARES: BDICX BTS TACTICAL FIXED INCOME FUND CLASS A SHARES: BTFAX CLASS    

        More information 




Fund Name Class A Class B Class C Class I



        Mutual Funds Prospectus August 31, 2011 Nuveen Municipal Bond Funds Dependable, tax-free income because it s not what you earn, it s what you keep. Class / Ticker Symbol Fund Name Class A Class B Class    

        More information 




Federated Emerging Market Debt Fund



        Summary Prospectus January 31, 2016 Share Class A B C Institutional Ticker IHIAX IHIBX IHICX EMDIX Federated Emerging Market Debt Fund A Portfolio of Federated World Investment Series, Inc. Before you    

        More information 




Morgan Stanley Institutional Fund Trust



        INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Morgan Stanley Institutional Fund Trust U.S. Equity Portfolios U.S. Mid Cap Value Portfolio U.S. Small Cap Value Portfolio Value Portfolio Prospectus Share Class and Ticker Symbol    

        More information 




SHARES NOT FDIC INSURED MAY LOSE VALUE NO BANK GUARANTEE. BKLN PowerShares Senior Loan Portfolio



        SHARES NOT FDIC INSURED MAY LOSE VALUE NO BANK GUARANTEE PowerShares Senior Loan Portfolio PowerShares Senior Loan Portfolio is the first senior loan exchange-traded fund (ETF) and seeks investment results    

        More information 




Dow Jones Target Date Funds



        Wells Fargo Advantage Funds July 1, 2015 Dow Jones Target Date Funds Prospectus Classes A, B, C Target Today Fund Class A STWRX, Class B WFOKX, Class C WFODX Target 2010 Fund Class A STNRX, Class B SPTBX,    

        More information 


















                2017 © DocPlayer.net Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Feedback



















CFWAWX Fund - Guggenheim Defined Portfolios Series 1542 Diversified Income Wave Portfolio Series 63 Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








6:50p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



6:32p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



6:31p

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



6:31p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



6:31p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



6:30p

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



6:29p

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



6:28p

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...



6:28p

Updated
3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life



6:27p

Updated
Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


CFWAWX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



CFWAWX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Guggenheim Defined Portfolios Series 1542 Diversified Income Wave Portfolio Series 63

Watchlist 
CreateCFWAWXAlert



  



Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 EDT



$
10.84



0.01
0.13%






Previous Close




$10.82





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  

   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range




YTD
N/A



5 Year
N/A



Total Net Assets
N/A



Net Expense Ratio
N/A



Turnover %
N/A




 
  

 


Fees & Expenses

No information available



Risk Measures

No information available



Min. Investment

No information available

 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News




No Headlines Available





  



Distributions







No information available

 


Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








MO

-9.49%








CLVS

6.25%








SSTI

-0.08%








ICPT

4.22%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.














    CGRTNX News - Guggenheim Defined Portfolios Series 1448 Guggenheim REIT Portfolio Series 14 Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Guggenheim Defined Portfolios Series 1448 Guggenheim REIT Portfolio Series 14

                  MFD: CGRTNX
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker





Market Index


 




Overview
      
Holdings
      
News
      
Charts
      
Historical Quotes
      



Guggenheim Defined Portfolios Series 1448 Guggenheim REIT Portfolio Series 14




Jul 26, 2017


CGRTNX



$
10.12




Change

+0.05
+0.50%

Volume









YTD return

            n/a
        
5 yr avg return

            n/a
        
Total net assets
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            n/a
        

            n/a
        

















/news/latest/company/us/cgrtnx

      MarketWatch News on CGRTNX
    
No News currently available for CGRTNX





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/cgrtnx

      Other News on CGRTNX
    
No News currently available for CGRTNX





/news/pressrelease/company/us/cgrtnx

      Press Releases on CGRTNX
    
No News currently available for CGRTNX














Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:50pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:08pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:58pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Funds/A Z Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Funds A-Z


0-9A (current)BCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

AAM S - AB GrAB Gr - AB MuAB Mu - AberdAberd - ACR MActiv - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AlgerAlger - AlliaAllia - AlliaAllia - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AQR MAQR M - ArrowArrow - AustrAustr - Azzad



Name
Country
Exchange
Sector




AAM Select Income Fund;A (CPUAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;C (CPUCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;I (CPUIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;A (AFNAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;C (AFYCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;I (AFNIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;A (ASDAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;C (ASDCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;I (ASDIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;A (AARAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;Advisor (AARYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;C (AARCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;A (MRKAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;Advisor (MRKYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;C (MRKCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;1 (AMTOX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;2 (AMTTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;A (AMTAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Advisor (AMTYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;C (ACMTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;I (AMTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;K (AMTKX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;R (AMTRX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Z (AMTZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;A (AAZAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;B (AAZBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;C (AAZCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;A (AXJAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;Advisor (AXJYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;C (AXJCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;A (ABWAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABWYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;B (ABWBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;C (ABWCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;I (ABWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;K (ABWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;R (ABWRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;1 (ABNOX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;2 (ABNTX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;A (ABNAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Advisor (ABNYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;C (ABNCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;I (ANBIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;K (ABNKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;R (ABNRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Z (ABNZX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;A (ALCAX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;Advisor (ALCVX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;B (ALCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;C (ACACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;A (WPASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Advisor (WPSGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;C (WPCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;I (WPSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;K (WPSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;R (WPRSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Z (WPSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;A (CIAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;Advisor (CIGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;C (CICGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;A (ABPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;B (ABPBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;C (ABPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;I (APWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;K (APWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;R (APPRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;A (ADGAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Advisor (ADGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;B (ADGBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;C (ADGCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;I (ADGIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;K (ADGKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;R (ADGRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Z (ADGZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Corporate Income Shares (ACISX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;A (ALASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;Advisor (ALYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;C (ALCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;A (CHCLX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Adv (CHCYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;B (CHCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;C (CHCCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;I (CHCIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;K (CHCKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;R (CHCRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Z (CHCZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;A (ABASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Advisor (ABYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;B (ABBSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;C (ABCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;I (ABSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;K (ABSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;R (ABSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Z (ABSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;A (EMPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;Advisor (EMPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;C (EMPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;A (EGPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;Adv (EGPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;C (EGPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;A (ABAEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;Adv (ABYEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;C (ABCEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;I (ABIEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;K (ABKEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;R (ABREX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;A (AUIAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Advisor (AUIYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;B (AUIBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;C (AUICX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;I (AUIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;K (AUIKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;R (AUIRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Z (AUIZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;A (ANAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Adv (ANAYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;B (ANABX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;C (ANACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;I (ANAIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;K (ANAKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;R (ANARX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Z (ANAZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;A (GCEAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;Adv (GCEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;C (GCECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund II;I (ARIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;A (AREAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;Advisor (ARSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;B (AREBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;C (ARECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;I (AEEIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;K (ARRKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;R (ARRRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A (CABNX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;Advisor (CBSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;B (CABBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;C (CBACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;I (CABIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;K (CBSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;R (CBSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;A (ALTFX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;Advisor (ATEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;B (ATEBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;C (ATECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;I (AGTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;K (ATEKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;R (ATERX)
United States
XNAS



AB Government Money Market Portfolio;Inst (GMOXX)
United States
XNAS



AB Growth & Income Fund;A (CABDX)
United States
XNAS




«1234567891011-2021-29»










Log In




6:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:50pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:08pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:58pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Investing News - Investment Articles - Investing Research

























Bulletin






Investor Alert























  
      Investing
    





Mutual Funds »








How Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
              
              Political and economic turmoil in Venezuela could fuel a rise in oil prices—something the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, despite it’s efforts to cut back production, hasn’t been able to do.              
              
            

12:40 p.m.  Today12:40 p.m. July 28, 2017






What a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
              
              Oil companies are sounding a recurring theme: lower exploration and production spending estimates. Will that lead to a rally in oil prices?              
              
            

5:47 p.m. July 27, 2017






Put your money where your mindset is
              
              Socially conscious mutual funds invest in ways that can be good for society and your portfolio.              
              
            

1:35 p.m. July 27, 2017










Most popular funds ›


Fidelity Contra /quotes/zigman/226510/realtime
118.79
0.00
0.00%


Vanguard 500 Idx /quotes/zigman/245160/realtime
228.49
-0.30
-0.13%


CGM Tr Focus /quotes/zigman/188272/realtime
49.32
+0.29
+0.59%


Dodge Cox Stock /quotes/zigman/224556/realtime
195.60
+0.24
+0.12%


Fairholme /quotes/zigman/265845/realtime
20.12
-0.36
-1.76%


T. Rowe Price Eq Inc /quotes/zigman/240035/realtime
33.46
-0.07
-0.21%


USAA Metals Min /quotes/zigman/244622/realtime
12.98
+0.17
+1.33%








Exchange Traded Funds »








A Leveraged ETF To Consider In August
              
              A Leveraged ETF To Consider In August              
              
            

10:59 a.m.  Today10:59 a.m. July 28, 2017
(Benzinga.com)












SPY



							7/28/2017 6:30pm
					



SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust


/quotes/zigman/714403/composite

246.91


-0.29
-0.12%













Exchange traded funds ›


PowerShares QQQ /quotes/zigman/105934/composite
143.84
-0.12
-0.08%


iShares Russell 2000 /quotes/zigman/260873/composite
141.96
-0.38
-0.27%


Financial Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246222/composite
24.91
0.00
0.00%


Energy Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246199/composite
66.47
-0.08
-0.12%


iShares MSCI Em Mkt /quotes/zigman/322623/composite
43.75
-0.02
-0.05%







/conga/native_unit.html
370720





Stocks »







/conga/investing/stocks/main.html
1293






Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
              
              Look at these component manufacturers rather than the car companies, says Jeff Reeves.              
              
            

44 min ago6:14 p.m. July 28, 2017






These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
              
              It wasn’t Trump’s “movement” that lifted stocks late last year, says Jeff Reeves. It was the promise of lower corporate tax rates.               
              
            

44 min ago6:13 p.m. July 28, 2017










Most popular stocks  ›


BAC /quotes/zigman/190927/composite
24.03
-0.08
-0.33%


C /quotes/zigman/5065548/composite
67.43
-0.17
-0.25%


MSFT /quotes/zigman/20493/composite
73.04
-0.12
-0.16%


INTC /quotes/zigman/20392/composite
35.31
+0.34
+0.97%


CSCO /quotes/zigman/20039/composite
31.52
-0.05
-0.16%


F /quotes/zigman/264304/composite
11.17
-0.01
-0.09%


WFC /quotes/zigman/239557/composite
53.30
-1.41
-2.58%


JPM /quotes/zigman/272085/composite
91.28
-0.27
-0.29%








Bonds »








Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
              
              The U.S. stock market is on such a parabolic march higher that Wall Street investors may have forgotten what a typical daily downturn feels like anymore.              
              
            

8 min ago6:50 p.m. July 28, 2017






Logistics Market in APAC - Segmentation Analysis and Opportunity 
      Assessment by Technavio
              
              Logistics Market in APAC - Segmentation Analysis and Opportunity 
      Assessment by Technavio              
              
            

15 min ago6:43 p.m. July 28, 2017












BX:TMUBMUSD03M



							7/28/2017 4:49pm
					



U.S. 3 Month Treasury Bill


/quotes/zigman/15866657/realtime

1.08


-0.03
-2.32%













Bonds ›


6 mo Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866663/realtime
1.13
-0.0078
-0.68%


2 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866656/realtime
1.35
-0.02
-1.16%


5 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866662/realtime
1.84
-0.01
-0.62%


10 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866666/realtime
2.29
-0.02
-0.89%


30 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866668/realtime
2.90
-0.02
-0.80%








Options »





				OPTIONS SCREENER |
				
				EXPIRATIONS |
				
				OPTIONS CHAINS |
				
				GETTING STARTED
/conga/mininav/investing-options.html
2543








Extremely low volatility could lead to a sharp, but short-lived, decline in stocks 
              
              Still, a chart of the S&P 500 reveals an undercurrent of bullishness, says Lawrence G. McMillan.              
              
            

1:42 p.m. July 19, 2017






Who trades options the most? Millennial investors
              
              Millennials are frequently criticized by market experts for the way they invest—or, more accurately, the way they’re not investing—but recent research indicates that at least some young market participants are going about things in a more sophisticated way than they’re typically given credit for.              
              
            

1:32 p.m. May 24, 2017












VIX



							7/28/2017 3:14pm
					



CBOE Volatility Index


/quotes/zigman/2766221/delayed

10.29


+0.18
+1.78%













Options ›


SPX /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10
-3.32
-0.13%


DJIA /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31
+33.76
+0.15%


COMP /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68
-7.51
-0.12%


RUT /quotes/zigman/2759624/delayed
1,429.26
-4.36
-0.30%


MID /quotes/zigman/6015543/delayed
1,762.34
-8.68
-0.49%








Currencies »








Dollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
              
              The U.S. dollar fell on Friday, erasing its gains for the week after a read on economic growth came in below expectations, though analysts said the beleaguered currency was potentially nearing a bottom.              
              
            

3:47 p.m.  Today3:47 p.m. July 28, 2017






Dollar rises from 13-month low
              
              The U.S. dollar rises on Thursday, gaining against major rivals in what analysts suggest a mild consolidation following precipitous declines over recent weeks.               
              
            

2:41 p.m. July 27, 2017












USDJPY



							7/28/2017 4:59pm
					



Japanese Yen


/quotes/zigman/16008150/realtime/sampled

110.688


-0.5710
-0.5132%













One U.S. Dollar Buys ›


British Pound /quotes/zigman/16008140/realtime/sampled
1.3136
+0.0070
+0.5357%


Brazilian Real /quotes/zigman/15936989/realtime/sampled
3.1321
-0.0183
-0.5809%








Commodities »






Alphinat Announces a Loss of $78,372 for the Quarter Ended May 31, 2017
              
              Alphinat Announces a Loss of $78,372 for the Quarter Ended May 31, 2017              
              
            

12 min ago6:45 p.m. July 28, 2017










Commodities  ›


Brent Crude /quotes/zigman/18185161/delayed
52.63
+1.14
+2.21%


Heating Oil /quotes/zigman/25024089/delayed
1.64
+0.04
+2.28%


Natural Gas /quotes/zigman/2306589/delayed
2.92
-0.04
-1.48%


Gold /quotes/zigman/7730417/delayed
1,275.60
+9.10
+0.72%


Silver /quotes/zigman/60158948/delayed
16.75
+0.17
+1.04%


Platinum /quotes/zigman/74312941/delayed
938.00
+11.60
+1.25%


Corn /quotes/zigman/25518705/delayed
389.25
+1.50
+0.39%

















Most Popular





1.






All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart






2.





Market Extra

Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials






3.





Market Snapshot

S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record






4.





MarketWatch First Take

Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’






5.





SectorWatch

How you teach a computer to drive like a human








Stock Screener »


Find your top stocks

		Identify stocks based on criteria that you select, such as price 
		movement, volume, fundamentals, technical behavior and industry. 








/conga/tools/stock-screener.html
2585








Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:50pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:08pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:58pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Guggenheim Investments Mutual Fund Family Data Pages 

















Welcome!













Company Site
Log In


Subscribe
Register




 















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEFs
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
















Guggenheim Investments Mutual Fund Family Data Pages
          



Search By

Fund Family


Data Question

 Go










            Performance
          
06-30-17



Total ReturnCategory Average








Total Return
19.3
3.6
-1.0
8.7
3.4


Category Average
18.9
5.1
-0.8
5.8
2.9


Assets for Each Yr*
7.1
9.5
11.2
14.9
21.5




*billions




Trailing Returns %
06-30-17






 
YTD
3 Year
5 Year
 
 


Fund Family
3.35
3.20
7.77













Key Stats
06-30-17






Total Assets*
Min. Investment
Load (% of Assets)
No Load (% of Assets)


21,529

                      $2,500
24.1
75.9






Asset Class
Score
% of Assets
Expense Ratio %
Expense Rating


Domestic Stock
3.5
7.91
1.47
Above Avg


International Stock
1.8
0.41
1.55
Above Avg


Municipal Bond
2.1
0.25
0.92
Average


Taxable Bond
3.8
89.00
1.12
Average



*Doesn't include money market assets.





Premium Features













 
                      Gold, Silver, and Bronze-Rated Funds





 
                      Negative-Rated Funds





 
                      Cost Analyzer













More Premium Features







Please Select
2000 Fund Analyst Reports
Premium Fund Screener
Similar Funds







Not a Premium Member?

















Portfolio Analysis













                    Morningstar Style Box 






















2

1

3







1


                                  0
                                

1







3


                                  0
                                


                                  0
                                























Asset Allocation %



Cash
9.1


Stocks
51.4


Bonds
30.3


Other
9.2











Annual Turnover %
71











% Assets in Top 10
1.8






 









                    Sector Breakdown (% of stocks) 






Sensitive
33.8



Communication Services
2.2



Energy
5.0



Industrials
12.4



Technology
14.2












Cyclical
39.6



Basic Materials
3.2



Consumer Cyclical
9.3



Financial Services
16.7



Real Estate
10.4












Defensive
26.6



Consumer Defensives
7.4



Healthcare
12.4



Utilities
6.8














            Top 20 US Holdings
            
              | Get Price Quotes
              

            YTD Return through 07-27-17






 
Sector
YTD Return %
% Net Assets
 





 
                  Facebook Inc A*
Technology
48.14
0.22


 
                  Applied Materials Inc*
Technology
43.29
0.21


 
                  NVIDIA Corp*
Technology
51.79
0.19


 
                  Apple Inc*
Technology
31.03
0.19


 
                  Lam Research Corp*
Technology
56.68
0.18


 
                  Amazon.com Inc*
Consumer Cyclical
39.49
0.17


 
                  PayPal Holdings Inc*
Financial Services
52.39
0.17


 
                  UnitedHealth Group Inc*
Healthcare
18.91
0.17


 
                  American Water Works Co Inc*
Utilities
12.76
0.16


 
                  Celgene Corp*
Healthcare
15.90
0.15


 
                  Corning Inc*
Technology
22.79
0.15


 
                  Microsoft Corp*
Technology
18.99
0.15


 
                  Align Technology Inc
Healthcare
63.59
0.14


 
                  Mastercard Inc A*
Financial Services
25.51
0.13


 
                  Berkshire Hathaway Inc B*
Financial Services
6.18
0.13


 
                  Motorola Solutions Inc*
Technology
12.38
0.13


 
                  Red Hat Inc*
Technology
41.92
0.13


 
                  Constellation Brands Inc A*
Consumer Defensive
27.44
0.13


 
                  Salesforce.com Inc*
Technology
32.21
0.13


 
                  Activision Blizzard Inc*
Technology
70.23
0.13



















Show Data Definitions  |  Feedback  |  Order Reprints | Ticker Lookup














Guggenheim Investments Family
          

                  All Funds from Family
                
Guggenheim Investments Data Pages
                  



                  Analyst Rated Family Funds
                



            Analyst Favorites and Tools
          

              Premium Fund Screener
            
Fund Favorites & Red Flags

              ETF Analyst Favorites
            

              ETF Valuations
            
Premium Stock Screener


Fund Stewardship Reports

                  All Fund Family Data
                

              ETF Screener
            

              Stock Analyst Reports
            

              Stock Star Rating Changes
            






              Best 5-Year Relative Performance
              
                |
                More
                
07-27-17






Fund Name
5-Yr Rank
Analyst Report






Guggenheim Investment Grade Bond A
1

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Macro Opportunities Instl
1

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Total Return Bond Instl
1
05-23-17



Guggenheim Floating Rate Strats Instl
2

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim High Yield A
6
05-24-17










              Worst 5-Year Relative Performance
              
                |
                More
                
07-27-17






Fund Name
5-Yr Rank
Analyst Report






Guggenheim RBP® Large-Cap Defensive P
90

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Multi-Hedge Strategies P
87

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Directional Allocation I
83
05-31-17



Guggenheim Managed Futures Strategy P
83

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Small Cap Value Inst
73

                        ---
                      










              Lowest Expenses
                |
                More
                
07-27-17






Fund Name
Expense Ratio
Analyst Report






Guggenheim Total Return Bond Instl
0.49
05-23-17



Guggenheim Diversified Income Instl
0.54

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Limited Duration Instl
0.55
06-27-17



Guggenheim Floating Rate Strats Instl
0.78

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Municipal Income A
0.80

                        ---
                      










              Highest Expenses
                |
                More
                
07-27-17






Fund Name
Expense Ratio
Analyst Report






Guggenheim Alpha Opportunity A
2.11

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Managed Futures Strategy P
1.79

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Long Short Equity P
1.67

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Event Drv & Distrsd Strat I
1.65

                        ---
                      



Guggenheim Mid Cap Value A
1.49
05-04-17










              Longest Manager Tenure
                |
                More
                
07-27-17






Fund Name
Manager Name
Average Manager Tenure






Guggenheim Multi-Hedge Strategies P
Michael P. Byrum
11



Guggenheim Managed Futures Strategy P
Michael P. Byrum
7



Guggenheim Event Drv & Distrsd Strat I
Michael P. Byrum
7



Guggenheim RBP® Large-Cap Defensive P
Scott Hammond
6



Guggenheim RBP® Large-Cap Market P
Scott Hammond
6










              Shortest Manager Tenure
                |
                More
                
07-27-17






Fund Name
Manager Name
Average Manager Tenure






Guggenheim Long Short Equity P
Burak Hurmeydan
0



Guggenheim Market Neutral Rel Est Instl
Jayson B. Flowers
1



Guggenheim Diversified Income Instl
Jayson B. Flowers
1



Guggenheim Large Cap Value A
Scott Hammond
2



Guggenheim Alpha Opportunity A
Jayson B. Flowers
3








            Morningstar Archives
          
Morningstar Articles
Morningstar Videos
Market Newswires
Perspectives



              Stocks
              Analyst Notes
            

              Fund Analyst Reports
            

              ETF
              Analyst Reports
            
Most Popular




Sponsor Center






















Content Partners
            	







Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 


 


 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers
Company News





International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland
India
Finland 






Stocks by:
            Name|
Ticker|
Star Rating|
Market Cap|
Stock Type|
Sector|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating|
Investment Style|
Total Assets|
Category|
Top Holdings|
Top Sectors|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating|
Category|
Total Assets|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Articles by:
            Title|
Date|
Author|
Collection|
Interest|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic|
Sector|
Key Indicators|
User Interest|
Market Cap|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name|
Ticker|
Star Rating|
Market Cap|
Stock Type|
Sector|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating|
Investment Style|
Total Assets|
Category|
Top Holdings|
Top Sectors|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating|
Category|
Total Assets|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title|
Date|
Author|
Collection|
Interest|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic|
Sector|
Key Indicators|
User Interest|
Market Cap|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.













