
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Asha Gupta - The Product Mentor


















































								Home
							



								Background
							



								FAQ
							



								Mentors
							



								Recognition
							



								YouTube
							



								The Product Group
							



								Jobs
							



								SIGN-UP
							



































 
Asha GuptaProduct Manager, Etsy
 



Holly is currently a PM at Etsy managing our iPhone and Android apps. Previously led product at Customer.io, worked at Venmo and studied at the Stanford d.school.  With experience in product, design, engineering and user research at large companies and startups, I believe all great products stem from a deep understanding of user needs and all great teams require a razor-sharp focus that allows for ruthless prioritization.Websites: https://medium.com/@ashaegupta, dthink.srb.ag

















 
Wiki (Members Only)
 




Proudly powered by Weebly

















✕










Find a Doctor, Dentist or Hospital Reviews, UCompareHealthCare





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 








Welcome
About





Search and Compare for Better Care







Click any of the search examples below
Dentists in Houston, TX
Podiatrists in New York, New York
Emergency Medicine in Jackson, MS







5.5+
Million  Ratings

read reviews


50+
Thousand  Pharmacies

search pharmacies


1.0+
Million  Professionals

search doctors


6+
Thousand  Hospitals

search hospitals











ADVERTISEMENT



















 



Judicial View > State Cases > New Jersey > Product Liability > Gupta v Asha Enterprises L.L.C. 





Login




E-mail:



Password:




 



Forgot Your Password?








 
Are you sure you want to log out?

 











 












 Home   Federal Cases   State Cases   News   Search   Cart   Log In  





 



 
Search 591,341 Cases and Articles on TJV!
 














 




New Jersey State Categories       

Administrative LawADRAntitrustBankruptcyBusiness OrganizationsBusiness ValuationCivil ProcedureCivil RemediesCivil RightsCommunicationsCompetitionConflict of LawsConstitutional LawConstructionContractsCriminal JusticeDamagesDomestic RelationsEducationEmploymentEnergy / UtilitiesEntertainmentEnvironmentalExpert WitnessFinance / BankingGovernment / PoliticsHealth CareImmigrationInsuranceInternationalMalpracticeMaritimeProduct LiabilityPropertySecuritiesShareholderTaxationTechnologyTortsTrade SecretTrademarkTransportationVeteransWills / Trusts / Estates   
 




 



Home >> State Cases >> New Jersey >> Product Liability >> Gupta v Asha Enterprises L.L.C. 

 











More
<html>































Gupta v Asha Enterprises L.L.C.

Case No. A-3059-09T2 (NJ Superior Ct. App. Div., Apr. 18, 2011)


		  		    Plaintiffs, sixteen Hindu vegetarians, appeal from an order of summary judgment entered against them dismissing their action premised upon allegations of negligence, negligent infliction of emotional distress, consumer fraud, products liability, and breach of express and implied warranties arising when defendant Asha Enterprises, L.L.C. d/b/a Moghul Express & Catering Co. (Mogul Express), an Indian restaurant, filled their order for vegetarian samosas with meat-filled samosas1 causing spiritual injuries resulting in damages. Plaintiffs explain their injuries and damages as follows:   

Hindu vegetarians believe that if they eat meat, they become involved in the sinful cycle of inflicting pain, injury and death on God's creatures, and that it affects the karma and dharma, or purity of the soul. Hindu scriptures teach that the souls of those who eat meat can never go to God after death, which is the ultimate goal for Hindus. The Hindu religion does not excuse accidental consumption of meat products. One who commits the religious violation of eating meat, knowingly or unknowingly, is required to participate in a religious ceremony at a site located along the Ganges River in Haridwar, Uttranchal, India, to purify himself. The damages sought by plaintiffs included compensation for the emotional distress they suffered, as well as economic damages they would incur by virtue of having to participate in the required religious cleansing ceremony in India. 

On appeal, plaintiffs argue that Moghul Express's motion for summary judgment was prematurely decided before discovery had commenced and that the motion judge legally erred in her decision dismissing each of plaintiffs' causes of action. We affirm in part and reverse in part.   

I. 

Viewed most favorably to plaintiffs, Brill v. Guardian Life Ins. Co. of Am., 142 N.J. 520, 540 (1995); Rule 4:46-2(c), the motion record discloses the following. According to the certification of plaintiff Durgesh Gupta, filed in opposition to summary judgment, on August 10, 2009, he and plaintiff Sharad Agarwal placed an order for vegetarian samosas at Moghul Express, a restaurant located in Edison, New Jersey. At the time that the order was placed, Gupta and Agarwal advised Mogul Express's employee that they required vegetarian samosas, because they were being purchased for a group of individuals who were strict vegetarians. The two men were informed that they should not be concerned because the restaurant did not make meat-filled samosas. One-half hour later, the men returned to the restaurant to pick up their order and were handed a tray that had written on its top "VEG samosas," and they were again assured of the vegetarian nature of the food.   

After plaintiffs had consumed some of the samosas, some plaintiffs became concerned that the samosas might contain meat. They called Moghul Express to verify the food's content, and they were again assured that Moghul did not make meat-filled samosas. Although the plaintiffs continued eating for a time, eventually they determined to return the remaining samosas to Moghul Express to verify their content. Once there, Moghul Express's employee advised them that the samosas, indeed, contained meat. As a consequence of eating the meat-filled samosas, plaintiffs were spiritually injured.

        
         



Click to View the Full Text PDF of the Court's Decision
Gupta v Asha Enterprises L.L.C.
 
			         
        
Judge(s): Edith Payne
Jurisdiction: New Jersey Superior Court, Appellate Division


Related Categories: Civil Procedure 
, Damages 
, Torts
 


Court of Appeals Judge(s)



             Margaret Hayden
            





             Edith Payne
            





             Dorothea Wefing
            



 
    	              	     	 	  
Appellant Lawyer(s)
Appellant Law Firm(s)
                  


             Raja Bhattacharya
            

             Bendit Weinstock PA
            



             Sherri Fowler
            

             Bendit Weinstock PA
            



             William Gold
            

             Bendit Weinstock PA
            

 
    	              	     	 	  
Appellee Lawyer(s)
Appellee Law Firm(s)
                  


             David Novack
            

             Budd Larner PC
            



             Laura Siclari
            

             Budd Larner PC
            

 
              

 



 

CUSTOM EMAIL ALERTS!





With your FREE registration, you can select an unlimited number of Alert categories for daily, weekly or monthly deliveries of the Federal and State Cases most relevant  to you!
 Click Here to sign up.
 



 




      

 







 

Click the maroon box above for a formatted PDF of the decision.
(holding that non-economic losses are not recoverable under the (2) it is not necessary to the creation of (app. div. 1973) (affirming award of consequential damages . . . whether or not any person has in fact samosas. as directed, thirty minutes later, agarwal picked up safe, edible and fit for human consumption, but rather to mercury, inc. v. emar group, 135 n.j. 182, 194 (1994) (quoting restaurants. see koster v. scotch assocs., 273 n.j. super. 102, constant concern about the genuineness of n.j.s.a. 56:8-19. denied, 154 n.j. 608 (1998). we focus first on plaintiffs' contained meat. as a consequence of eating the meat-filled for summary judgment was prematurely decided before discovery show the legend on the aluminum food container. although the plaintiffs have not pled or provided evidence of any "loss of a-3059-09t220 gwinnell, 96 n.j. 538, 544 (1984) (stating naturally, i.e., according to the usual a-3059-09t28 the cfa provides: certifications, affidavits, or other proof), certif. denied, 162 person of any unconscionable commercial product causing the harm was not reasonably that had written on its top "veg samosas," and they were again determined that she would "not create new laws that protect cfa. weinberg v. sprint corp., 173 n.j. 233, 251 (2002); laufer (1) express warranties by the seller are description. respondent (budd larner, p.c., attorneys; declared to be an unlawful practice . . . . furnished an order of conforming samosas to plaintiffs without n.j. at 194 (discussing "foreseeability as a 'duty' a-3059-09t213 asha enterprises, l.l.c. d/b/a moghul express & catering co. 192 n.j. 372, 389 (2007). design specifications, formulae, or purification of their souls in india. to prevail on that injury, but only that it resulted in severe mental or emotional instead, providing plaintiffs with non-vegetarian food docket no. a-3059-09t2 c. it is served, sold, or distributed prosser & keeton on torts: lawyer's edition 356 (w. page keeton made by the seller to the buyer which and the tortfeasor, the nature of the risk, and the ability and complaint for failure to state a claim pursuant to rule 4:6-2(e) arising from the death of entertainer in car accident caused by limited circumstances. in falzone v. busch, 45 n.j. 559, 569 fowler and william l. gold, on the briefs). opportunity to conduct discovery. cf. state v. cummings, 321 cognizable, they have offered no proof in connection with mogul 444 (1982) (citing hadley v. baxendale, 9 ex. 341, 156 eng. rep. this act . . . may bring an action" based on the act, and if created by the negligent conduct to be a foreseeable damage duty in tort law is generally a matter for the court to decide. description false or misleading in any superior court of new jersey must decide whether considerations of the omission or concealment;" or (3) "a violation of a specific family relationship, the bystander contemporaneously observed the seller at the time of contracting had death, which is the ultimate goal for as a final matter, we turn to plaintiffs' claims of breach physical injury. in these situations, there purify himself. the damages sought by decision, and granted the motion. this appeal followed. makes an affirmative misrepresentation is liable under the cfa relates to the goods and becomes part ascertainable loss by seeking damages in the amount of the cost rather in pse & g's alleged failure to act promptly and samosas are fried or baked triangularly-shaped stuffed [n.j.s.a. 56:8-2.] as a food or food product for which a plaintiffs claim that they have sufficiently plead actor owed injured party duty of reasonable distress has also been recognized in "bystander" cases in which a-3059-09t25 and likelihood of potential harm are a photograph appended to the certification purports to 1 jablonowska v. suther, 195 n.j. 91, 103 (2008). claims based on products liability. the new jersey products samosas. although the plaintiffs continued eating for a time, a-3059-09t223 samosas, plaintiffs were spiritually injured. extent as written misrepresentations. chattin v. cape may kamrai, sachin garg, hopkins v. fox & lazo realtors, 132 n.j. 426, 439 (1993)). carey v. lovett, 132 n.j. 44, 62 (1993) (recognizing claim of approval of the appellate division saving fund soc'y, 111 n.j. 355, 365 defendant's foreseeing fright or shock severe enough to cause (app. div. 2005) (holding that damages for emotional distress n.j. super. 154, 170 (app. div.) (in the context of a petition advertising the sale of vegetarian food to the plaintiffs and asha enterprises, l.l.c. d/b/a mr. novack, of counsel; mr. novack and poisoning after eating lasagna prepared from ingredients by moghul express of its express warranty of fitness of the eating meat, knowingly or unknowingly, is suppression or omission, in connection with we next address plaintiffs' claims of negligence resulting result of the breach of it. had commenced and that the motion judge legally erred in her may fairly be considered either arising causal relationship between the unlawful conduct and the (2008). it similarly subsumes claims of defect sounding in express's motion for summary judgment that would satisfy the based on analysis of public policy that of plaintiffs' cfa claim. converted what initially had been a motion to dismiss the emotional distress cases, there has been "a because discovery has not commenced in this matter, we a-3059-09t212 distress. portee v. jaffee, 84 n.j. 88, 97 (1980); see also must be "an especial likelihood of genuine payne, j.a.d. moneys or property." indeed, it would be difficult for them to 2 developed through discovery." we conclude that the allegations co. v. boylan, 307 n.j. super. 162, 167 (app. div.), certif. a-3059-09t217 a more difficult issue is presented in connection with negligence and breach of implied warranty. koruba v. am. honda [carter, supra, 135 n.j. at 195.] a-3059-09t26 a-3059-09t219 "further the loss must be a reasonably certain consequence of prasad and ranjana prasad, for post-conviction relief, holding that a petitioner cannot quality has been established by custom and (b) any description of the goods which not for publication without the statement to senate bill no. 2805 (1987); cf. mcguinness v. -- the relationship of the parties, the nature of the attendant arising from the negligent conduct, so long as substantial formulae, or b. failed to contain adequate of a trip to india to undergo a purification ritual. however, plaintiffs do not dispute the acceptance of the second reasonably be prevented by cover or an act." we affirm but on somewhat different grounds. liability act (pla), n.j.s.a. 2a:58c-1 to -11, provides: the opinion of the court was delivered by respect of such breach, should be such as been misled, deceived or damaged thereby, is guarantee that the claim is not spurious." laufer, supra, 385 n.j. super. at 187, we affirm the dismissal irrespective of the theory underlying the claim, except actions plaintiff in "a reasonable fear of immediate personal injury." to make out a prima facie case under the cfa, private created as follows: 747. similarly, here, plaintiffs' claims focus on the conduct focus not on any defect inherent in the product itself, but emotional distress they suffered, as well as d. it purports to be or is represented rely on bald assertions, but must support his claims with ad litem of shreya agarwalla, 193, 203 (1957)). l.l.c., ___ n.j. ___, ___ (2011) (slip op. at 12-15 and n.4). decision dismissing each of plaintiffs' causes of action. we they were again assured that moghul did not make meat-filled definition of identity and standard of or action brought by a claimant for harm caused by a product, cost. wakefern corp., 257 n.j. super. 339, 341 (law div. 1991) (action river in haridwar, uttranchal, india, to the order to moghul express. upon determining that the two b. its description omits information 100, 116-18 (app. div.), certif. denied, 188 n.j. 489 (2006). samosas sold to plaintiffs. moghul express to verify their content. once there, moghul express, a restaurant located in edison, new jersey. at the moghul express's employees under either n.j.s.a. 56:8-2 or cfa); cole v. laughrey funeral home, 376 n.j. super. 135, 144-45 which by its omission renders the (quoting william a. dreier, et al., new jersey products do so, since unrefuted evidence demonstrates that, following principles. see menorah chapels, supra, 386 n.j. super. at assured of the vegetarian nature of the food.2 his order, followed by the other customer. however, the other on appeal from superior court of new jersey, should not be concerned because the restaurant did not make it without payment. referred provides: "'product liability action' means any claim of the person who placed the order for the samosas, regarding ed., 5th ed. 1984). the recognition or establishment of a legal [id. at 429-30 (quoting buckley v. trenton a cause of action for negligent infliction of emotional certif. denied, 200 n.j. 549 (2009); see also int'l union of in deciding this appeal, we employ the same standard formal words such as "warrant" or for maintenance of a private action to remedy a violation of the oral misrepresentations are covered by the cfa to the same certain." donovan, supra, 91 n.j. at 445 (citing kozlowski v. import. those claims were dismissed by the motion judge on the "guarantee" or that he have a specific 56:8-1 to -20, and that act cannot provide an alternative remedy a-3059-09t216 and serious mental distress, arising from breach of express and implied warranties arising when defendant poonam garg, sanjeev agarwalla, a. its description is false or not in itself establish the existence of a duty. goldberg v. has held: contract itself, or such as may reasonably moghul express maintained separate cooking facilities and the product liability act, . . . there came to be one unified, were similarly labeled as "(veg.)" and "(non-veg.)," and the violated the cfa "for fraudulently and/or deceptively a-3059-09t214 destruction of a building by fire caused by electricity was 145 (1854)). "[a]ny person who suffers any ascertainable loss of moneys or [hadley, supra, 9 ex. at 354, 156 eng. rep. of the basis of the bargain creates an inclusive, encompassing virtually all possible causes of action injuries resulting in damages. plaintiffs explain their contemplation of both parties at the time that accrued to any plaintiff who was within the 'zone of risk' (holding that the claim of loss is "purely a 'standing' the present case is similar to universal underwriters insurance attorneys; mr. bhattacharya, sherri davis to the same manufacturing specifications or religious cleansing ceremony in india. statutorily defined theory of recovery for harm caused by a seema agarwalla, sharad agarwal, from otherwise identical units manufactured because they were being purchased for a group of individuals who time that the order was placed, gupta and agarwal advised mogul n.j. 469, 485 (1987) ("whereas the magnitude thus reverse summary judgment on plaintiffs' breach of express operating eng'rs local no. 68 welfare fund v. merck & co., inc., the legislature in enacting the pla is both expansive and that others rely upon such concealment, prosser & keeton, supra, § 54 at 362. in opportunity to exercise care." ibid. conduct can consist of (1) "an affirmative misrepresentation, the death or injury, and the plaintiff suffered severe emotional customer decided to eat one of the samosas in his car, realized v. not related to a defect in the samosas themselves, which were agarwal placed an order for vegetarian samosas at moghul provisions of n.j.s.a. 12a:2-715 governing consequential hindu scriptures teach that the souls of affirm in part and reverse in part. a-3059-09t23 for products liability against a utility company following that no payment for them was made. (a) any affirmation of fact or promise not demonstrate that the emotional distress resulted in physical n.j. at 569. see also abouzaid v. mansard gardens assoc's proximately resulting from any breach of issues in this case will implicate religious doctrine or reason to know and which could not ground that plaintiffs could not establish a duty owed to them meat-filled samosas. one-half hour later, the men returned to preponderance of the evidence that the iv. approximately the same time, the order by sharad agarwal for because plaintiffs are unable to present sufficient evidence of and standard. (a) any loss resulting from general or recognition by the restaurant of its mistake, moghul express usage unless it conforms to such definition non-vegetarian appetizers. plaintiffs also offered an e-mail causing spiritual a-3059-09t211 they made the contract, as the probable is a crucial element in determining whether imposition of a duty injuries and damages as follows: imposing a duty of care is not."); kelly v. product, and that theory is, for the most part, identical to are not recoverable as ascertainable losses under the cfa). a-3059-09t27 motion record discloses the following. according to the of plaintiffs in this case fit into neither of these categories. the pla is applicable to food cooked and sold by it exists, lies within their control and does not require the plaintiff's claim of ascertainable loss to "ultimately prove claim was warranted, the judge reasoned that "the facts that precedent, we are unwilling to expand the definition of plaintiffs, sixteen hindu vegetarians, appeal from an order k. raja bhattacharya argued the cause for products shall be deemed misrepresented if: v. spiritual injury that cannot be categorized as either a loss of to one with whom the bystander shared a marital or intimate copy of a moghul express menu that separately listed appetizers warranty. a-3059-09t24 negligence claims were properly dismissed. in this case, plaintiffs have alleged emotional or the dismissal of the counts of plaintiffs' complaint alleging time of the sale of the samosas in the event of a breach. we affirmed in part; reversed in part and remanded. we turn next to plaintiffs' claim that moghul express viewed most favorably to plaintiffs, brill v. guardian life even if not made with knowledge of its falsity or with an intent individually and as guardian pastries popular as snacks in southeast asia. in this matter. indeed, case law demonstrates that such a step that is material to the transaction and that is a statement of plaintiffs became concerned that the samosas might contain meat. sustained[,]" and "the court shall also award reasonable regulation promulgated under the cfa." stoecker v. echevarria, on god's creatures, and that it affects the even if we were to find plaintiffs' negligence claims the question of whether a duty exists is generally analyzed in discussion of plaintiffs' negligence and cfa claims that are not attorneys' fees, filing fees and reasonable costs of suit." substantial injury in a person normally constituted.'" decker applicable to the motion judge. prudential prop. & cas. ins. law division, middlesex county, docket no. make meat samosas, that they were repeatedly told that the a-3059-09t218 of plaintiffs' complaint, together with their supporting argued march 22, 2011 - decided shall be liable in a product liability the breach although the exact amount of the loss need not be 110 (law div. 1993); see also senate judiciary committee, negligence, violations of the cfa and breach of implied warranty the ability to foresee injury to a potential plaintiff does at 151.] provided that the defendant's negligent conduct placed the what they are seeking is the cost of cure for an alleged l-9681-09. a-3059-09t210 plaintiffs-appellants, court before judges wefing, payne and hayden. breach of express warranty. we have recognized, in a non-u.c.c. consequential damage claim, plaintiffs must establish that such v. u.s. life ins. co., 385 n.j. super. 172, 186 (app. div. 2006) vegetarian samosas with meat-filled samosas1 i. enough to sustain negligence cause of plaintiff's claim. id. at 116. we find that precedent blow out of tire covered by express warranty), aff'd, 64 n.j. damages were reasonably foreseeable at the time that the the defendant's negligent conduct caused death or serious bodily by moghul express that had been breached by it. the judge moghul express & catering, co., while the foreseeability of injurious v. princeton packet, inc., 116 n.j. 418, 429 (1989) (quoting motor co., inc., 396 n.j. super. 517, 531 (app. div. 2007), for injury. sinclair v. merck & co., inc., 195 n.j. 51, 54 on the day in question, moghul express received, at (1988)).] under the name of another food or food appellate division adequately alleging an ascertainable loss is a prerequisite religious dietary concerns when there is no precedent for such n.j.s.a. 2a:58c-1b(3) (defining "product liability action")." purchased from it); n.j.s.a. 2a:58c-5c (barring award of april 18, 2011 premised upon product defect until later in this opinion. "veg" was written. practice, deception, fraud, false pretense, emotional distress arising out of injury to or death of a product; an express warranty that the seller use risk, the opportunity and ability to exercise care, and the bargain creates an express warranty approved for publication plaintiff cites in support of [its claim of product defect] of a duty. see weinberg v. dinger, 106 plaintiffs' claim for recovery of the costs required for the from the director of the edison division of health food services "ascertainable loss." however, the cost of cure in that at present, it does not appear that resolution of the in contrast to a claim of an actionable omission, which _________________________________________________ the supreme court has explained that "'[w]ith passage of see also collins v. uniroyal, inc., 126 n.j. super. 401, 406-07 ad litem of pankhuri garg, accidental consumption of meat products. n.j. 199 (1999). as a consequence, we find that plaintiffs' eventually they determined to return the remaining samosas to performance standards of the manufacturer or on an alleged tortfeasor is appropriate. carter, supra, 135 against grocery store by a family that had contracted salmonella a partner in defendant asha enterprises l.l.c. he stated that, determinant"). "subsumed in the concept of foreseeability are that had been rendered unsafe and unsightly by the work of the significantly, in new jersey, the tort of negligent into a motion for summary judgment pursuant to rule 4:46-2(c), a manufacturer or seller of a product for harm caused by breach of an express warranty." n.j.s.a. partially supplied. menorah chapels v. needle, 386 n.j. super. purpose because it: a. deviated from the ins. co. of am., 142 n.j. 520, 540 (1995); rule 4:46-2(c), the installed kitchen fixtures and wiring constituted an a-3059-09t22 loss on plaintiffs' part. in that regard, the cfa provides that appetizers; no listing for meat samosa was present among the arising from a breach of contract for the provision of funeral allegations that they were assured that moghul express did not false promise, misrepresentation, or the objectively determinable, the propriety of 3 defendant;" (2) "an ascertainable loss by plaintiff;" and (3) "a contractor employed by sears. here, an underlying loss of the individually and as guardian ad word "samosa" is visible, "veg" is not. however, it may have kozlowski, 80 n.j. 378, 388 (1979); tessmar v. grosner, 23 n.j. misleading in any particular; the cfa specifically enumerates "[a]cts constituting warranty is affirmed. in a case such as this in which negligent infliction of laura a. siclari, on the brief). damages did not constitute grounds for dismissal of the is made part of the basis of the . . . . express's employee advised them that the samosas, indeed, administration). however, the pla is inapplicable as grounds otherwise; and bodily injury or sickness also resulted from the fright." discovery. as "vegetarian" and as "non-vegetarian." chinese appetizers n.j.s.a. 56:8-2.10. in particular, we note plaintiffs' orders had been mixed up, moghul express prepared another order action only if the claimant proves by a special circumstances, which serves as a requirement" and that "[t]he act does not require a private ibid. "[a]fter falzone, courts considered emotional distress particularly important in the tort of (1997). which one of them has broken, the damages emotional distress is alleged "'[l]iability should depend on the the identity of said food or food in spiritual injury and negligent infliction of emotional determined that further discovery was not necessary to her successful, the court "shall . . . award threefold the damages to plaintiff, sachin garg, stating that he had verified that knowing[] concealment, suppression, or plaintiffs' claims of products liability and breach of implied gupta, sujata gupta, rakesh material fact, accompanied by an intent that others rely upon hindus. the hindu religion does not excuse premised upon allegations of negligence, negligent infliction of  of having to participate in the required fact patterns. jablonowska, supra, 195 n.j. at 104. the claims of vegetable samosas and delivered it to agarwal, who accepted a-3059-09t221 conform to the affirmation or promise. punitive damages for defective food or food additive that was caputzal v. the lindsay co., 48 n.j. 69, 76 (1966)). the court fact, found to be false, made to induce the buyer to make a issue, should it be warranted. damages permit such an award for on any "defect" in the samosas. thus summary judgment on fit, suitable or safe for its intended further, in the case of a portee claim, the plaintiff need hindu vegetarians believe that if they fetus). however, the court has limited the independent tort of was written on the container in which their order was packaged. action; court must also make value judgment appellate division misrepresentation, negligence, or the intent to deceive. ji v. consequences is a constituent element in a to deceive;" (2) "the knowing omission or concealment of a sears roebuck & co., 138 n.j. 2, 22 (1994), the supreme court, the restaurant to pick up their order and were handed a tray particular requirements and needs of which fairness and policy warrant the imposition id. at 436-37. indeed, the definition to which the court tort action, foreseeability of injury is palmer, 333 n.j. super. 451, 461 (app. div. 2000). moreover, that action creating unreasonable risk of individually and as guardian samosas purchased by them were vegetarian, and that "veg samosa" purchase. gennari v. weichert co. realtors, 148 n.j. 582, 607 the sale or advertisement of any merchandise light of considerations of fairness and public policy that misrepresentation of identity of food," providing: negligent infliction of emotional harm. greene, inc., 216 n.j. super. 618, 641 (app. div.), certif. would be improper. see gennari, supra, 148 n.j. at 612-13 eat meat, they become involved in the sinful to them were vegetarian. (b) injury to person or property defective product under the consumer fraud act (cfa), n.j.s.a. a listing for "vegetable samosa" appeared among the vegetarian express's employee that they required vegetarian samosas, karma and dharma, or purity of the soul. cycle of inflicting pain, injury and death that the goods shall conform to the david j. novack argued the cause for insofar as they are based upon product defect. we defer our imposition of a duty: the relationship between the plaintiff successful.") (citations omitted). in the present matter, when presented with this evidence, the motion judge demonstrate that his or her emotional distress resulted in public interest in the proposed solution.'" carter lincoln- liability & tort law, § 1:2-1 (2007)). "the language chosen by warnings or instructions, or c. was designed argument that any liability on its part is limited to the claims a warranty by employees of moghul express that the samosas sold care (citing palsgraf v. long island r.r., in a defective manner. ministerial functions or result in regulatory entanglement in this reflects the concern over the relevant damages standard, despite the fact that such proof, if however, we do not find any evidence of an ascertainable menu contained a separate category labeled "vegetable entrée." the resolution of that matter to be dependent on future clohesy v. food circus supermarkets, 149 n.j. 496, 502 (1997). of summary judgment entered against them dismissing their action plaintiffs must present evidence of (1) "unlawful conduct by circumstance was the result of the loss of the value of property vegetable samosas and an order from another customer for meat appellants (bendit weinstock, p.a., order of samosas, the fact that they were vegetable-filled, and one who commits the religious violation of (mogul express), an indian restaurant, filled their order for defendant-respondent. in dictum, held that the projected costs of repair of improperly 109. however, we do not foreclose further consideration of this thus, the court has held that the pla subsumes claims for a those who eat meat can never go to god after litem of priya agarwal, shashi intention to make a warranty . . . . negligent infliction of emotional distress to these two basic iii. 2a:58c-1b(3). which the other party ought to receive, in a-3059-09t29 emotional distress, consumer fraud, products liability, and for recovery in the present case because plaintiffs' claims are services when the promised services of a shomerim were only relating to harms caused by consumer and other products. see the claim." property . . . as the result of the use or employment by another on appeal, plaintiffs argue that moghul express's motion (1965) the court held that a plaintiff could recover for economic damages they would incur by virtue [n.j.s.a. 2a:58c-2.] 260 (1974). we decline to address at this time moghul express's containing meat products." dismissed. in reaching the conclusion that dismissal of that plaintiffs included compensation for the express warranty that the goods shall utensils for vegetarian and non-vegetarian food items. efficiently in shutting off its electrical service." id. at 162 n.e. 99 (1928))). applicable here. unlawful practice nor are there any facts that could be been obscured by wrinkles in the aluminum in the area where ascertainable loss." bosland v. warnock dodge, inc., 197 n.j. after plaintiffs had consumed some of the samosas, some [n.j.s.a. 56:8-2.10.] denied, 107 n.j. 148 (1987). a misrepresentation must be one the act, use or employment by any agarwal, nitin agarwal, ajay ii. july 18, 2011 certif. denied, 194 n.j. 272 (2008). on this basis, we affirm many of the concerns we acknowledge as relevant to the contract was entered into. donovan v. bachstadt, 91 n.j. 434, omission of any material fact with intent in addition to the certification, the plaintiffs offered a conclude that plaintiffs have presented prima facie evidence of 543, 557 (2000) (citations omitted). we have held that unlawful infliction of emotional distress has been recognized only in foreseeable harm resulting in injury is not strict liability.'" in re lead paint, 191 n.j. 405, 436 (2007) "substantial bodily injury or sickness." falzone, supra, 45 value of property cannot be demonstrated. absent supporting a duty is an obligation imposed by law requiring one party church matters, and that it can be determined by use of neutral a-3059-09t222 housing auth., 38 n.j. 578, 583 (1962). however, foreseeability required to participate in a religious person of any method, act, or practice declared unlawful under harm, whereas a plaintiff asserting a falzone-type claim must moneys or property. we recognize in this regard that in cox v. they called moghul express to verify the food's content, and group v. public service electric & gas company, 103 f. supp. 2d distress, which we regard as essentially equivalent in their context, the recoverability of damages for emotional distress emotional distress without consequent we disagree with the determination of the motion judge that that he had been given a tray of vegetable samosas, and returned allegations that they were supplied the wrong product. as such, "to conform to a particular standard of conduct toward another." evidence, provide prima facie evidence of misrepresentations by requires a finding that the defendant acted knowingly, one who our review of the record on summary judgment leads us to "plaintiffs have not pled sufficient facts to establish an an ascertainable loss to survive a motion for summary judgment, where two parties have made a contract, cannot determine what consequential damages were foreseen at the certification of plaintiff durgesh gupta, filed in opposition to summary judgment, on august 10, 2009, he and plaintiff sharad there, we determined that the difficulty of calculating such were strict vegetarians. the two men were informed that they a-3059-09t215 warranty claim and remand for further proceedings.3 408 n.j. super. 597, 623 (app. div.) (citations omitted), be supposed to have been in the 744 (d.n.j. 2000), a case in which an insurer's cause of action ascertainable loss to cover the injuries alleged by plaintiffs the uniform commercial code provides: particular; of moghul express's employees in supplying the wrong order, not even in the absence of knowledge of the falsity of the course of things, from such breach of the record also contains the certification of kamal arora, "'involve[] identifying, weighing, and balancing several factors ceremony at a site located along the ganges if foreseeability of injury to a party is established, the subject to premarket approval by the federal food and drug [n.j.s.a. 2a:2-313.] genuineness of an injury consisting of spiritual injury sustained as the result of moghul express's emotional injury, even if unaccompanied by physical impact, durgesh gupta, anubhuti 
 All Content © 2007-2012 The Judicial View, L.L.C. All Right Reserved.
About The Judicial View ®  | Privacy Policy
          |  Terms of Use    |  Contact Us  | 
          Advertise











 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



























NJ Court Cases: Find NJ Opinions at FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
New Jersey



Browse New Jersey Courts

New Jersey Municipal Court
Superior Court of New Jersey
Superior Court of New Jersey, Appellate Division
Supreme Court of New Jersey
Tax Court of New Jersey


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 16:01:59 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.











Find a Doctor - Compare Reviews





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						Doctors









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Find a Doctor




Browse by Top Specialties



Allergy / Immunology
Anesthesiology
Cardiology
Colorectal Surgery (formerly Proctology)
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Family Practice
Gastroenterology
General Practice
General Surgery
Geriatric Medicine
Hand Surgery
Infectious Disease
Internal Medicine
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Obstetrics & Gynecology
Ophthalmology
Orthopedic Surgery
Otolaryngology
Pain Management
Pathology
Pediatric Medicine
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Plastic Surgery
Psychiatry
Pulmonary Disease
Radiology
Rheumatology
Thoracic Surgery
Urology








Browse by Top Cities



Alabama



Birmingham




Alaska






Arizona



Phoenix

Tucson




Arkansas






California



Los Angeles

Sacramento

San Diego

San Francisco




Colorado



Denver




Connecticut






Delaware






Washington DC



Washington




Florida



Jacksonville

Miami

Orlando

Tampa




Georgia



Atlanta




Hawaii






Idaho






Illinois



Chicago




Indiana



Indianapolis




Iowa






Kansas






Kentucky



Louisville




Louisiana






Maine






Maryland



Baltimore




Massachusetts



Boston




Michigan






Minnesota



Minneapolis

Saint Paul




Mississippi






Missouri



Kansas City

Saint Louis




Montana






Nebraska



Omaha




Nevada



Las Vegas




New Hampshire






New Jersey






New Mexico



Albuquerque




New York



Bronx

Brooklyn

Buffalo

New York

Rochester




North Carolina



Charlotte




North Dakota






Ohio



Cincinnati

Cleveland

Columbus

Dayton




Oklahoma



Oklahoma City

Tulsa




Oregon



Portland




Pennsylvania



Philadelphia

Pittsburgh




Rhode Island






South Carolina






South Dakota






Tennessee



Nashville




Texas



Austin

Dallas

Fort Worth

Houston

San Antonio




Utah



Salt Lake City




Vermont






Virginia






Washington



Seattle




West Virginia






Wisconsin



Milwaukee




Wyoming



































ADVERTISEMENT










The UCompareHealthCare website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through UCompareHealthCare should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. UCompareHealthCare does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Use.







ADVERTISEMENT










 








ADVERTISEMENT



















 










Dr. Asha Gupta, MD - Neurologist in Voorhees, NJ





 












































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						
Doctors

				 > 						
New Jersey (NJ)

				 > 						
Voorhees

				 > 						Dr. Asha Gupta








                        Dr. Asha Gupta MD

read reviews
phone number






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT






















                         Dr. Asha Gupta                          MD
















Neurology
Psychiatry



47 Years Experience 



read reviews
phone number







Overview
Patient Reviews
Locations & Directions
Insurances
Hospital Affiliations







Patient Experience



                        Have you
                                                    seen
                                                 Dr. Asha Gupta before? Be the first to review!
                     







write a review patient reviews









ADVERTISEMENT










Similar Doctors 
See how Dr. Asha Gupta compares to similar Doctors below:





 Doctor
Dr. Ellen Brooks 


PsychiatryNeurology


33 Years Experience













Rate this Doctor!




View Profile




 Doctor
Dr. Badal Jain 


Child NeurologyNeurology


20 Years Experience













Rate this Doctor!




View Profile




 Doctor
Dr. Laurie Peterson-Deerfield 


PsychiatryFamily Medicine













Rate this Doctor!




View Profile






detailed report
find more like this







ADVERTISEMENT










Locations & Directions






Asha Gupta MD
600 Somerdale Rd
Voorhees, NJ 08043

Phone Number
Get Directions











ADVERTISEMENT










Specialties & Expertise 


 Specialties

Neurology
Psychiatry



 Expertise

Alzheimer's Disease
Electromyography
Epilepsy
Headache
Migraine Disorder
Multiple Sclerosis (MS)
Nerve Conduction Studies
Stroke





Background



 Languages Spoken

English



 Education


Residency
                                Lower Bucks Hospital
                            











ADVERTISEMENT
























ADVERTISEMENT













Dr. Asha Gupta


                            Update your information here.
                        










ADVERTISEMENT



















ADVERTISEMENT














×

Have you visited Dr. Asha Gupta
Share your experience




Click to rate:











Submit




By submitting this review, I agree to the User Agreement and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue













ADVERTISEMENT



















 


























GUPTA v. ASHA ENTERPRISES | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference




















FindLaw
Caselaw
New Jersey
Superior Court of New Jersey, Appellate Division
GUPTA v. ASHA ENTERPRISES

GUPTA v. ASHA ENTERPRISES




ResetAA
Font size:
Print







Superior Court of New Jersey,Appellate Division.
Durgesh GUPTA, Anubhuti Gupta, Sujata Gupta, Rakesh Kamrai, Sachin Garg, individually and as Guardian ad Litem of Pankhuri Garg, Poonam Garg, Sanjeev Agarwalla, individually and as Guardian ad Litem of Shreya Agarwalla, Seema Agarwalla, Sharad Agarwal, individually and as Guardian ad Litem of Priya Agarwal, Shashi Agarwal, Nitin Agarwal, Ajay Prasad and Ranjana Prasad, Plaintiffs–Appellants, v. ASHA ENTERPRISES, L.L.C. d/b/a Moghul Express & Catering, Co., Defendant–Respondent.

    Decided: July 18, 2011

		Before Judges WEFING, PAYNE and HAYDEN.K. Raja Bhattacharya argued the cause for appellants (Bendit Weinstock, P.A., attorneys; Mr. Bhattacharya, Sherri Davis Fowler and William L. Gold, on the briefs). David J. Novack argued the cause for respondent (Budd Larner, P.C ., attorneys; Mr. Novack, of counsel; Mr. Novack and Laura A. Siclari, on the brief).
The opinion of the court was delivered byPlaintiffs, sixteen Hindu vegetarians, appeal from an order of summary judgment entered against them dismissing their action premised upon allegations of negligence, negligent infliction of emotional distress, consumer fraud, products liability, and breach of express and implied warranties arising when defendant Asha Enterprises, L.L.C. d/b/a Moghul Express & Catering Co. (Mogul Express), an Indian restaurant, filled their order for vegetarian samosas with meat-filled samosas1 causing spiritual injuries resulting in damages. Plaintiffs explain their injuries and damages as follows:Hindu vegetarians believe that if they eat meat, they become involved in the sinful cycle of inflicting pain, injury and death on God's creatures, and that it affects the karma and dharma, or purity of the soul. Hindu scriptures teach that the souls of those who eat meat can never go to God after death, which is the ultimate goal for Hindus. The Hindu religion does not excuse accidental consumption of meat products. One who commits the religious violation of eating meat, knowingly or unknowingly, is required to participate in a religious ceremony at a site located along the Ganges River in Haridwar, Uttranchal, India, to purify himself. The damages sought by plaintiffs included compensation for the emotional distress they suffered, as well as economic damages they would incur by virtue of having to participate in the required religious cleansing ceremony in India.On appeal, plaintiffs argue that Moghul Express's motion for summary judgment was prematurely decided before discovery had commenced and that the motion judge legally erred in her decision dismissing each of plaintiffs' causes of action. We affirm in part and reverse in part.I.Viewed most favorably to plaintiffs, Brill v. Guardian Life Ins. Co. of Am., 142 N.J. 520, 540 (1995); Rule 4:46–2(c), the motion record discloses the following. According to the certification of plaintiff Durgesh Gupta, filed in opposition to summary judgment, on August 10, 2009, he and plaintiff Sharad Agarwal placed an order for vegetarian samosas at Moghul Express, a restaurant located in Edison, New Jersey. At the time that the order was placed, Gupta and Agarwal advised Mogul Express's employee that they required vegetarian samosas, because they were being purchased for a group of individuals who were strict vegetarians. The two men were informed that they should not be concerned because the restaurant did not make meat-filled samosas. One-half hour later, the men returned to the restaurant to pick up their order and were handed a tray that had written on its top “VEG samosas,” and they were again assured of the vegetarian nature of the food.2 After plaintiffs had consumed some of the samosas, some plaintiffs became concerned that the samosas might contain meat. They called Moghul Express to verify the food's content, and they were again assured that Moghul did not make meat-filled samosas. Although the plaintiffs continued eating for a time, eventually they determined to return the remaining samosas to Moghul Express to verify their content. Once there, Moghul Express's employee advised them that the samosas, indeed, contained meat. As a consequence of eating the meat-filled samosas, plaintiffs were spiritually injured.In addition to the certification, the plaintiffs offered a copy of a Moghul Express menu that separately listed appetizers as “Vegetarian” and as “Non–Vegetarian.” Chinese appetizers were similarly labeled as “(Veg.)” and “(Non–Veg.),” and the menu contained a separate category labeled “Vegetable Entrée.” A listing for “Vegetable Samosa” appeared among the vegetarian appetizers; no listing for meat samosa was present among the non-vegetarian appetizers. Plaintiffs also offered an e-mail from the Director of the Edison Division of Health Food Services to plaintiff, Sachin Garg, stating that he had verified that Moghul Express maintained separate cooking facilities and utensils for vegetarian and non-vegetarian food items.The record also contains the certification of Kamal Arora, a partner in defendant Asha Enterprises L.L.C. He stated that, on the day in question, Moghul Express received, at approximately the same time, the order by Sharad Agarwal for vegetable samosas and an order from another customer for meat samosas. As directed, thirty minutes later, Agarwal picked up his order, followed by the other customer. However, the other customer decided to eat one of the samosas in his car, realized that he had been given a tray of vegetable samosas, and returned the order to Moghul Express. Upon determining that the two orders had been mixed up, Moghul Express prepared another order of vegetable samosas and delivered it to Agarwal, who accepted it without payment.Plaintiffs do not dispute the acceptance of the second order of samosas, the fact that they were vegetable-filled, and that no payment for them was made.When presented with this evidence, the motion judge converted what initially had been a motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim pursuant to Rule 4:6–2(e) into a motion for summary judgment pursuant to Rule 4:46–2(c), determined that further discovery was not necessary to her decision, and granted the motion. This appeal followed.II.In deciding this appeal, we employ the same standard applicable to the motion judge. Prudential Prop. & Cas. Ins. Co. v. Boylan, 307 N.J.Super. 162, 167 (App.Div.), certif. denied, 154 N.J. 608 (1998). We focus first on plaintiffs' claims based on products liability. The New Jersey Products Liability Act (PLA), N.J.S.A. 2A:58C–1 to–11, provides:A manufacturer or seller of a product shall be liable in a product liability action only if the claimant proves by a preponderance of the evidence that the product causing the harm was not reasonably fit, suitable or safe for its intended purpose because it: a. deviated from the design specifications, formulae, or performance standards of the manufacturer or from otherwise identical units manufactured to the same manufacturing specifications or formulae, or b. failed to contain adequate warnings or instructions, or c. was designed in a defective manner.[N.J.S.A. 2A:58C–2.]The Supreme Court has explained that “ ‘[w]ith passage of the Product Liability Act, ․ there came to be one unified, statutorily defined theory of recovery for harm caused by a product, and that theory is, for the most part, identical to strict liability .’ “ In re Lead Paint, 191 N.J. 405, 436 (2007) (quoting William A. Dreier, et al., New Jersey Products Liability & Tort Law, § 1:2–1 (2007)). “The language chosen by the Legislature in enacting the PLA is both expansive and inclusive, encompassing virtually all possible causes of action relating to harms caused by consumer and other products. See N.J.S.A. 2A:58C–1b(3) (defining “product liability action”).” Id. at 436–37. Indeed, the definition to which the Court referred provides: “ ‘Product liability action’ means any claim or action brought by a claimant for harm caused by a product, irrespective of the theory underlying the claim, except actions for harm caused by breach of an express warranty.” N.J.S.A. 2A:58C–1b(3).Thus, the Court has held that the PLA subsumes claims for a defective product under the Consumer Fraud Act (CFA), N.J.S.A. 56:8–1 to–20, and that Act cannot provide an alternative remedy for injury. Sinclair v. Merck & Co., Inc., 195 N.J. 51, 54 (2008). It similarly subsumes claims of defect sounding in negligence and breach of implied warranty. Koruba v. Am. Honda Motor Co., Inc., 396 N.J.Super. 517, 531 (App.Div.2007), certif. denied, 194 N.J. 272 (2008). On this basis, we affirm the dismissal of the counts of plaintiffs' complaint alleging negligence, violations of the CFA and breach of implied warranty insofar as they are based upon product defect. We defer our discussion of plaintiffs' negligence and CFA claims that are not premised upon product defect until later in this opinion.The PLA is applicable to food cooked and sold by restaurants. See Koster v. Scotch Assocs., 273 N.J.Super. 102, 110 (Law Div.1993); see also Senate Judiciary Committee, Statement to Senate Bill No. 2805 (1987); cf. McGuinness v. Wakefern Corp., 257 N.J.Super. 339, 341 (Law Div.1991) (action against grocery store by a family that had contracted salmonella poisoning after eating lasagna prepared from ingredients purchased from it); N.J.S.A. 2A:58C–5c (barring award of punitive damages for defective food or food additive that was subject to premarket approval by the federal Food and Drug Administration). However, the PLA is inapplicable as grounds for recovery in the present case because plaintiffs' claims are not related to a defect in the samosas themselves, which were safe, edible and fit for human consumption, but rather to allegations that they were supplied the wrong product. As such, the present case is similar to Universal Underwriters Insurance Group v. Public Service Electric & Gas Company, 103 F.Supp.2d 744 (D.N.J.2000), a case in which an insurer's cause of action for products liability against a utility company following destruction of a building by fire caused by electricity was dismissed. In reaching the conclusion that dismissal of that claim was warranted, the judge reasoned that “the facts that Plaintiff cites in support of [its claim of product defect] focus not on any defect inherent in the product itself, but rather in PSE & G's alleged failure to act promptly and efficiently in shutting off its electrical service.” Id. at 747. Similarly, here, plaintiffs' claims focus on the conduct of Moghul Express's employees in supplying the wrong order, not on any “defect” in the samosas. Thus summary judgment on plaintiffs' claims of products liability and breach of implied warranty is affirmed.III.We turn next to plaintiffs' claim that Moghul Express violated the CFA “for fraudulently and/or deceptively advertising the sale of vegetarian food to the Plaintiffs and instead, providing Plaintiffs with non-vegetarian food containing meat products.”The CFA provides:The act, use or employment by any person of any unconscionable commercial practice, deception, fraud, false pretense, false promise, misrepresentation, or the knowing[ ] concealment, suppression, or omission of any material fact with intent that others rely upon such concealment, suppression or omission, in connection with the sale or advertisement of any merchandise ․ whether or not any person has in fact been misled, deceived or damaged thereby, is declared to be an unlawful practice․[N.J.S.A. 56:8–2.]To make out a prima facie case under the CFA, private plaintiffs must present evidence of (1) “unlawful conduct by defendant;” (2) “an ascertainable loss by plaintiff;” and (3) “a causal relationship between the unlawful conduct and the ascertainable loss .” Bosland v. Warnock Dodge, Inc., 197 N.J. 543, 557 (2000) (citations omitted). We have held that unlawful conduct can consist of (1) “an affirmative misrepresentation, even if not made with knowledge of its falsity or with an intent to deceive;” (2) “the knowing omission or concealment of a material fact, accompanied by an intent that others rely upon the omission or concealment;” or (3) “a violation of a specific regulation promulgated under the CFA .” Stoecker v. Echevarria, 408 N.J.Super. 597, 623 (App.Div .) (citations omitted), certif. denied, 200 N.J. 549 (2009); see also Int'l Union of Operating Eng'rs Local No. 68 Welfare Fund v. Merck & Co., Inc., 192 N.J. 372, 389 (2007).In contrast to a claim of an actionable omission, which requires a finding that the defendant acted knowingly, one who makes an affirmative misrepresentation is liable under the CFA even in the absence of knowledge of the falsity of the misrepresentation, negligence, or the intent to deceive.  Ji v. Palmer, 333 N.J.Super. 451, 461 (App.Div.2000). Moreover, oral misrepresentations are covered by the CFA to the same extent as written misrepresentations. Chattin v. Cape May Greene, Inc., 216 N.J.Super. 618, 641 (App.Div.), certif. denied, 107 N .J. 148 (1987). A misrepresentation must be one that is material to the transaction and that is a statement of fact, found to be false, made to induce the buyer to make a purchase.  Gennari v. Weichert Co. Realtors, 148 N.J. 582, 607 (1997).The CFA specifically enumerates “[a]cts constituting misrepresentation of identity of food,” providing:The identity of said food or food products shall be deemed misrepresented if:a. Its description is false or misleading in any particular;b. Its description omits information which by its omission renders the description false or misleading in any particular;c. It is served, sold, or distributed under the name of another food or food product;d. It purports to be or is represented as a food or food product for which a definition of identity and standard of quality has been established by custom and usage unless it conforms to such definition and standard.[N.J.S.A. 56:8–2.10.]We disagree with the determination of the motion judge that “plaintiffs have not pled sufficient facts to establish an unlawful practice nor are there any facts that could be developed through discovery.” We conclude that the allegations of plaintiffs' complaint, together with their supporting evidence, provide prima facie evidence of misrepresentations by Moghul Express's employees under either N.J.S.A. 56:8–2 or N.J.S.A. 56:8–2.10. In particular, we note plaintiffs' allegations that they were assured that Moghul Express did not make meat samosas, that they were repeatedly told that the samosas purchased by them were vegetarian, and that “VEG Samosa” was written on the container in which their order was packaged.However, we do not find any evidence of an ascertainable loss on plaintiffs' part. In that regard, the CFA provides that “[a]ny person who suffers any ascertainable loss of moneys or property ․ as the result of the use or employment by another person of any method, act, or practice declared unlawful under this act ․ may bring an action” based on the Act, and if successful, the court “shall ․ award threefold the damages sustained[,]” and “the court shall also award reasonable attorneys' fees, filing fees and reasonable costs of suit.” N.J.S.A. 56:8–19.Adequately alleging an ascertainable loss is a prerequisite for maintenance of a private action to remedy a violation of the CFA. Weinberg v. Sprint Corp., 173 N.J. 233, 251 (2002); Laufer v. U.S. Life Ins. Co., 385 N.J.Super. 172, 186 (App.Div.2006) (holding that the claim of loss is “purely a ‘standing’ requirement” and that “[t]he Act does not require a private plaintiff's claim of ascertainable loss to “ultimately prove successful.”) (citations omitted). In the present matter, plaintiffs have not pled or provided evidence of any “loss of moneys or property.” Indeed, it would be difficult for them to do so, since unrefuted evidence demonstrates that, following recognition by the restaurant of its mistake, Moghul Express furnished an order of conforming samosas to plaintiffs without cost.Plaintiffs claim that they have sufficiently plead ascertainable loss by seeking damages in the amount of the cost of a trip to India to undergo a purification ritual. However, what they are seeking is the cost of cure for an alleged spiritual injury that cannot be categorized as either a loss of moneys or property. We recognize in this regard that in Cox v. Sears Roebuck & Co., 138 N.J. 2, 22 (1994), the Supreme Court, in dictum, held that the projected costs of repair of improperly installed kitchen fixtures and wiring constituted an “ascertainable loss.” However, the cost of cure in that circumstance was the result of the loss of the value of property that had been rendered unsafe and unsightly by the work of the contractor employed by Sears. Here, an underlying loss of the value of property cannot be demonstrated. Absent supporting precedent, we are unwilling to expand the definition of ascertainable loss to cover the injuries alleged by plaintiffs in this matter. Indeed, case law demonstrates that such a step would be improper. See Gennari, supra, 148 N.J. at 612–13 (holding that non-economic losses are not recoverable under the CFA); Cole v. Laughrey Funeral Home, 376 N.J.Super. 135, 144–45 (App.Div.2005) (holding that damages for emotional distress are not recoverable as ascertainable losses under the CFA). Because plaintiffs are unable to present sufficient evidence of an ascertainable loss to survive a motion for summary judgment, Laufer, supra, 385 N.J.Super. at 187, we affirm the dismissal of plaintiffs' CFA claim.IV.We next address plaintiffs' claims of negligence resulting in spiritual injury and negligent infliction of emotional distress, which we regard as essentially equivalent in their import. Those claims were dismissed by the motion judge on the ground that plaintiffs could not establish a duty owed to them by Moghul Express that had been breached by it. The judge determined that she would “not create new laws that protect religious dietary concerns when there is no precedent for such an act.” We affirm but on somewhat different grounds.A duty is an obligation imposed by law requiring one party “to conform to a particular standard of conduct toward another.” Prosser & Keeton on Torts: Lawyer's Edition 356 (W. Page Keeton ed., 5th ed.1984). The recognition or establishment of a legal duty in tort law is generally a matter for the court to decide. Clohesy v. Food Circus Supermarkets, 149 N.J. 496, 502 (1997). The question of whether a duty exists is generally analyzed in light of considerations of fairness and public policy that “ ‘involve[ ] identifying, weighing, and balancing several factors—the relationship of the parties, the nature of the attendant risk, the opportunity and ability to exercise care, and the public interest in the proposed solution.’ “ Carter Lincoln–Mercury, Inc. v. Emar Group, 135 N.J. 182, 194 (1994) (quoting Hopkins v. Fox & Lazo Realtors, 132 N.J. 426, 439 (1993)).The ability to foresee injury to a potential plaintiff does not in itself establish the existence of a duty. Goldberg v. Housing Auth., 38 N.J. 578, 583 (1962). However, foreseeability is a crucial element in determining whether imposition of a duty on an alleged tortfeasor is appropriate. Carter, supra, 135 N.J. at 194 (discussing “foreseeability as a ‘duty’ determinant”).  “Subsumed in the concept of foreseeability are many of the concerns we acknowledge as relevant to the imposition of a duty: the relationship between the plaintiff and the tortfeasor, the nature of the risk, and the ability and opportunity to exercise care.” Ibid.In a case such as this in which negligent infliction of emotional distress is alleged “ ‘[l]iability should depend on the defendant's foreseeing fright or shock severe enough to cause substantial injury in a person normally constituted.’ “ Decker v. Princeton Packet, Inc., 116 N.J. 418, 429 (1989) (quoting Caputzal v. The Lindsay Co., 48 N.J. 69, 76 (1966)). The Court has held:While the foreseeability of injurious consequences is a constituent element in a tort action, foreseeability of injury is particularly important in the tort of negligent infliction of emotional harm. This reflects the concern over the genuineness of an injury consisting of emotional distress without consequent physical injury. In these situations, there must be “an especial likelihood of genuine and serious mental distress, arising from special circumstances, which serves as a guarantee that the claim is not spurious.” Prosser & Keeton, supra, § 54 at 362. In emotional distress cases, there has been “a constant concern about the genuineness of the claim.”[Id. at 429–30 (quoting Buckley v. Trenton Saving Fund Soc'y, 111 N.J. 355, 365 (1988)).]If foreseeability of injury to a party is established, the courtmust decide whether considerations of fairness and policy warrant the imposition of a duty. see Weinberg v. Dinger, 106 N.J. 469, 485 (1987) ( “Whereas the magnitude and likelihood of potential harm are objectively determinable, the propriety of imposing a duty of care is not.”); Kelly v. Gwinnell, 96 N.J. 538, 544 (1984) (stating that action creating unreasonable risk of foreseeable harm resulting in injury is not enough to sustain negligence cause of action; court must also make value judgment based on analysis of public policy that actor owed injured party duty of reasonable care (citing Palsgraf v. Long Island R.R., 162 N.E. 99 (1928))).[Carter, supra, 135 N.J. at 195.]Significantly, in New Jersey, the tort of negligent infliction of emotional distress has been recognized only in limited circumstances. In Falzone v. Busch, 45 N.J. 559, 569 (1965) the Court held that a plaintiff could recover for emotional injury, even if unaccompanied by physical impact, provided that the defendant's negligent conduct placed the plaintiff in “a reasonable fear of immediate personal injury.” Ibid. “[A]fter Falzone, courts considered emotional distress that accrued to any plaintiff who was within the ‘zone of risk’ created by the negligent conduct to be a foreseeable damage arising from the negligent conduct, so long as substantial bodily injury or sickness also resulted from the fright.” Jablonowska v. Suther, 195 N.J. 91, 103 (2008).A cause of action for negligent infliction of emotional distress has also been recognized in “bystander” cases in which the defendant's negligent conduct caused death or serious bodily to one with whom the bystander shared a marital or intimate family relationship, the bystander contemporaneously observed the death or injury, and the plaintiff suffered severe emotional distress.  Portee v. Jaffee, 84 N.J. 88, 97 (1980); see also Carey v.. Lovett, 132 N.J. 44, 62 (1993) (recognizing claim of emotional distress arising out of injury to or death of a fetus). However, the Court has limited the independent tort of negligent infliction of emotional distress to these two basic fact patterns. Jablonowska, supra, 195 N.J. at 104. The claims of plaintiffs in this case fit into neither of these categories.Further, in the case of a Portee claim, the plaintiff need not demonstrate that the emotional distress resulted in physical injury, but only that it resulted in severe mental or emotional harm, whereas a plaintiff asserting a Falzone-type claim must demonstrate that his or her emotional distress resulted in “substantial bodily injury or sickness.” Falzone, supra, 45 N.J. at 569. See also Abouzaid v. Mansard Gardens Assoc's L.L .C., –––N.J. ––––, –––– (2011) (slip op. at 12–15 and n. 4). Even if we were to find plaintiffs' negligence claims cognizable, they have offered no proof in connection with Mogul Express's motion for summary judgment that would satisfy the relevant damages standard, despite the fact that such proof, if it exists, lies within their control and does not require the opportunity to conduct discovery. Cf. State v. Cummings, 321 N.J.Super. 154, 170 (App.Div.) (in the context of a petition for post-conviction relief, holding that a petitioner cannot rely on bald assertions, but must support his claims with certifications, affidavits, or other proof), certif. denied, 162 N.J. 199 (1999). As a consequence, we find that plaintiffs' negligence claims were properly dismissed.V.As a final matter, we turn to plaintiffs' claims of breach by Moghul Express of its express warranty of fitness of the samosas sold to plaintiffs.The Uniform Commercial Code provides:(1) Express warranties by the seller are created as follows:(a) Any affirmation of fact or promise made by the seller to the buyer which relates to the goods and becomes part of the basis of the bargain creates an express warranty that the goods shall conform to the affirmation or promise.(b) Any description of the goods which is made part of the basis of the bargain creates an express warranty that the goods shall conform to the description.․(2) It is not necessary to the creation of an express warranty that the seller use formal words such as “warrant” or “guarantee” or that he have a specific intention to make a warranty․[N.J.S.A. 2A:2–313.]Our review of the record on summary judgment leads us to conclude that plaintiffs have presented prima facie evidence of a warranty by employees of Moghul Express that the samosas sold to them were vegetarian.Provisions of N.J.S.A. 12A:2–715 governing consequential damages permit such an award for(a) any loss resulting from general or particular requirements and needs of which the seller at the time of contracting had reason to know and which could not reasonably be prevented by cover or otherwise; and(b) injury to person or property proximately resulting from any breach of warranty.See also Collins v. Uniroyal, Inc., 126 N.J.Super. 401, 406–07 (App.Div.1973) (affirming award of consequential damages arising from the death of entertainer in car accident caused by blow out of tire covered by express warranty), aff'd, 64 N.J. 260 (1974).In this case, plaintiffs have alleged emotional or spiritual injury sustained as the result of Moghul Express's breach of express warranty. We have recognized, in a non-U.C.C. context, the recoverability of damages for emotional distress arising from a breach of contract for the provision of funeral services when the promised services of a shomerim were only partially supplied. Menorah Chapels v. Needle, 386 N.J.Super. 100, 116–18 (App .Div.), certif. denied, 188 N.J. 489 (2006). There, we determined that the difficulty of calculating such damages did not constitute grounds for dismissal of the plaintiff's claim. Id. at 116. We find that precedent applicable here.A more difficult issue is presented in connection with plaintiffs' claim for recovery of the costs required for the purification of their souls in India. To prevail on that consequential damage claim, plaintiffs must establish that such damages were reasonably foreseeable at the time that the contract was entered into. Donovan v. Bachstadt, 91 N.J. 434, 444 (1982) (citing Hadley v. Baxendale, 9 Ex. 341, 156 Eng. Rep. 145 (1854)).Where two parties have made a contract, which one of them has broken, the damages which the other party ought to receive, in respect of such breach, should be such as may fairly be considered either arising naturally, i.e., according to the usual course of things, from such breach of contract itself, or such as may reasonably be supposed to have been in the contemplation of both parties at the time they made the contract, as the probable result of the breach of it.[Hadley, supra, 9 Ex. at 354, 156 Eng. Rep. at 151.]“Further the loss must be a reasonably certain consequence of the breach although the exact amount of the loss need not be certain.” Donovan, supra, 91 N.J. at 445 (citing Kozlowski v. Kozlowski, 80 N.J. 378, 388 (1979); Tessmar v. Grosner, 23 N.J. 193, 203 (1957)).Because discovery has not commenced in this matter, we cannot determine what consequential damages were foreseen at the time of the sale of the samosas in the event of a breach. We thus reverse summary judgment on plaintiffs' breach of express warranty claim and remand for further proceedings.3 We decline to address at this time Moghul Express's argument that any liability on its part is limited to the claims of the person who placed the order for the samosas, regarding the resolution of that matter to be dependent on future discovery.Affirmed in part; reversed in part and remanded.FOOTNOTES1.  Samosas are fried or baked triangularly-shaped stuffed pastries popular as snacks in southeast Asia.2.  A photograph appended to the certification purports to show the legend on the aluminum food container. Although the word “samosa” is visible, “VEG” is not. However, it may have been obscured by wrinkles in the aluminum in the area where “VEG” was written.3.  At present, it does not appear that resolution of the issues in this case will implicate religious doctrine or ministerial functions or result in regulatory entanglement in church matters, and that it can be determined by use of neutral principles. See Menorah Chapels, supra, 386 N.J.Super. at 109. However, we do not foreclose further consideration of this issue, should it be warranted.PAYNE, J.A.D.



















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 16:01:59 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.











Find Doctors by Specialty





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						
Doctors

				 > 						Specialties









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT















Find Doctors by Specialty



A 

Adolescent Medicine Physicians
Allergists and Immunologists
Anesthesiologists


B 

Bariatric Physicians


C 

Cardiologists
Cardiovascular Disease Physicians
Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiologists
Colorectal Surgeons (Proctologists)
Critical Care Physicians


D 

Dermatologists
Diagnostic Radiologists


E 

Emergency Medicine Physicians
Endocrinologists


F 

Family Practice Physicians


G 

Gastroenterologists
General Practice Physicians
General Surgeons
Geriatric Medicine Physicians
Gynecologists
Gynecologists / Oncologists


H 

Hematologists / Oncologists
Hospitalists


I 

Infectious Disease Physicians
Internal Medicine Physicians
Interventional Cardiologists


M 

Medical Oncologists


N 

Nephrologists
Neurologists
Neurosurgeons


O 

Obstetricians / Gynecologists
Ophthalmologists
Orthopedic Spine Surgeons
Orthopedic Surgeons
Otolaryngologists


P 

Pain Management Physicians
Pediatric Cardiologists
Pediatricians
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Physicians
Plastic Surgeons
Psychiatrists
Pulmonary Disease Physicians


R 

Radiation Oncologists
Radiologists
Rheumatologists


S 

Hand Surgeons
Sleep Medicine Specialists
Sports Medicine Specialists


T 

Thoracic Surgeons


U 

Urologists


V 

Vascular Surgeons















ADVERTISEMENT



















ADVERTISEMENT



















 








Gupta Asha Md in Queens Village, NY 11427 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» Queens Village
» General Practice
» Gupta Asha Md













Gupta Asha Md


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





21414 Hillside Ave 1  Queens Village, New York 11427


(718) 217-6500


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Gupta Asha Md is located at the address 21414 Hillside Ave 1 in Queens Village, New York 11427.  They can be contacted via phone at (718) 217-6500 for pricing, hours and directions.  Gupta Asha Md specializes in Cosmetic Dentistry, Acne, Whiplash Injuries.  Gupta Asha Md has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Asha  Gupta, GynecologistGupta Asha Md provides Arthroscopic Surgery, Spinal Decompression, Palmer Technique to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Gupta Asha Md view the map to the right.  For reviews of Gupta Asha Md see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Herbal Supplements
, Sunglasses
, Goggles
, Cosmetics
, Metal
, Anti-Reflective Lenses
, Vitamins & Minerals
, Transition Lenses
, Plastic Lenses
, Supports



SERVICES


Laser Therapies
, Arthroscopic Surgery
, Skin Surgery
, Ultrasound
, Palmer Technique
, Spinal Decompression
, Laser Hair Removal
, Oral Surgery
, Commercial Services
, Tubal Ligations & Reversals


 SPECIALTIES


Numbness
, Auto Accidents
, Back Pain
, Eczema
, Ingrown Toenails
, Cosmetic Dentistry
, Whiplash Injuries
, Acne
, Sciatica
, Physical Therapy



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (718) 217-6500
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 150000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


General Practice
Health Care
Physicians



People Also Viewed


QUEENS VILLAGE MEDICAL ARTS


21789 Hempstead Ave  Queens Village, New York 11429




JACQUES ARNOLD J MD


8719 Springfield Blvd  Queens Village, New York 11427




CHO SAM K MD


21009 82nd Ave  Queens Village, New York 11427




RATNER SANFORD B


20615 Hillside Ave  Queens Village, New York 11427




Community Medical


21626 Jamaica Ave  Queens Village, New York 11428





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Asha  Gupta
Gynecologist

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










Gupta!!!! by Asha Cermak on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
            Stand out and be remembered with Prezi,  
            the secret weapon of great presenters.
        
                    Get started today
                
                    Get started
                
            What is Prezi?
            
                Learn more
            
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with FacebookGupta!!!!
                            
                                No description
                            
                        
        
            by Asha Cermak
        
        on 12 September 2013
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of Gupta!!!!Gupta!!!!By Asha Cermak, Madison Eads, Heather Hagle, and Kailey Wontorski!OverviewThe Gupta Civilization was a very  impressive and interesting society that lasted roughly about 230 years. In this presentation you will be learning about the cultural, political, and  technological advances that took place in this society and why it was called the classical age of India.Political- The Gupta civilization was a monarchy- The entire empire was made up of little districts- Those districts were sub-divided into even more districts- The highest officer of each of the districts were called Kumaramatya, who served as Governors, taking care of the things the king usually wouldn't bother withLeaders/KingsChandra gupta I (320-355), Samudra gupta (375-414),Chandra gupta II (375-414), Kumara gupta I (414-455), Skanda gupta (455-467), Puru gupta (467-473), Kumara gupta II (473-479),Budha gupta (476-495), Narasimha gupta, Kumara gupta    III,Vishnu gupta (540-550).Laws- The Gupta's had a fairly good judicial system- Usually council members were the ones that resolved local disputes- The king presided over the highest court appeal and was assisted by various judges, ministers, and priestsBibliography"AP World History 101." Gupta Dynasty    Indian History AP World History. N.p., n.d. Web. 09 Sept. 2013. <http://   apworldhistory101.com/history-of-india gupta/>."Coins in Mauryan Dynasty." India Online. N.p., n.d. Web. 7 Sept. 2013. <www.indiaonline.in/about/Profile/History/CoinsandCurrencies/Coinage-in-Ancient-Era.html>.CultureGrams. Vol. 4. Provo, UT: ProQuest, 2007. Print"Economic Life During Empire." India Net Zone.        N.p., n.d. Web. 6 Sept. 2013. <www.indianetzone.com/22/economic_life_gupta_age.htm >.Gall, Timothy L. Worldmark Encyclopedia of Cultures and Daily Life. Vol. 3. Detroit [u.a.: Gale, 1998. Print.Gupta Empire "The Golden Age"" Gupta            .     Empire N.p., n.d. Web.Laws Cont. Goodbye, now!Land Grants-In some instances, it was a very big trend to be payed in land as a salary- This also gave the right to the king to take away the land if he was unhappy with the service- Hindu priests usually never had to pay taxes on these landsThe Villages/Cities-The small villages were organized under rural bodies which consisted of a headman and a group of elders- In the cities, there was a council which had several officers like the Presidents of the city.- The king could not take away these lands that belonged to the governors or priests, in fear of political backlash- Government revenue generally came from taxes, whether it be from the land itself or from the produce the land provides- The judgement was usually based on legal texts, social customs, or specific judgements from the king- The Gupta's were generally a very peaceful society, so there were very few inner conflicts among the people and very few outer conflicts among other civilizations.Land Grants cont.The Treatment of woman- Woman were mainly viewed to be inferior to men- They were still, however, respected and viewed to be equals to the female Gods- Woman could be educated in music and poetry, but nothing religious or could they read any sacred texts- Woman were not allowed to own property, and anything that they did own was considered their husbands or fathers Treatment of woman cont.-  At any given point in her life, a woman was always subject to the will of a man- Woman were usually married at 6 or 7 years old to ensure virginity and chasity- Since she lives with her husband, he could raise her to be the kind of wife that he wanted- In very rare cases, woman could sometimes be part of the government, but that was very rare to findEconomyImportant Nonagricultural ProductsGoldSilverCopperTinLeadSilkHorsesAgricultural ProductsRiceWheatSugarcaneJuteOil seedsCottonSpicesBetel NutsLabor Systems-Bigger estates expanded with the help of  dependent labor and slave labor-There really wasn't any labor systems until the decline of the Gupta Dynasty, but there is a lack of information on this topic.State Control of Trade/Industry-One of the major industries was the textile industry and major products being produced were silk, linen, wool, and cotton textiles.-Also there was ivory work, stone cutting, and carving industries.-The Gupta's were allowed to almost operate pretty much free from government contol. The rates of interest for money were depending on what the money was going to be used for.Money SystemThe first gold coins of the Gupta's were minted by Samudragupta and were called Dinara but then later on they were named Survarna.Effects on Trading NetworksThe Gupta Empire traded with many different regions. For example they traded Indian goods and culture to Southeast Asia, China, Sri Lanka, and Central Asia. The Gupta's favorited items like silk from China.CultureArtists were highly appreciated in the Gupta empire and were paid for their workPoetry and literature was produced extensivleyBrahmans-Narratives were a common form of literatureKshatriyasVaishayasSudrasSanskrit literature was at an all time highIntellectualThey discovered the decimal system and the number 0 as a place holderThey created numeralsThe number system was developed by the math magician and astronomer Aryabhatte in 498 CE this is now known as the Arabic numeralsAryabhatta is also known for developing the formula for finding the area of a triangleSome inventions is the advanced sewer system  and Sanskrit language the first language written down in 500 b.c.eBoth men and women were educated but in a different waythe women were educated in the arts (primarily in music and the arts)Women were not allowed to be educated in religious practices or read and scared texts like the men wereSocial ClassesReligion EnvironmentPeace and prosperityDrought/IrrigationGanges and Indus riversHimalayas Northern India "MrDonn.org - Ancient India - Gupta Empire." MrDonn.org - Ancient India - Gupta 	Empire. N.p., n.d. Web."The Gupta and the Olmec Civilizations." eduplace.com. N.p., n.d. Web. 9 Sept. 2013. <www.eduplace.com/kids/socsci/ca/books/bkf3/writing/04_twocivil.pdf >."The Gupta Empire - Economy." ThinkQuest : Library. N.p., n.d. Web. 10 Sept. 2013. <http://library.thinkquest.org/C006203/cgi-bin/stories.cgi?article=economy§ion=history/guptas&frame=parent>The Gupta Empire. N.p., n.d. Web."The Gupta Dynasty." Washington.edu. N.p., n.d. Web. 6 Sept. 2013. <depts.washington.edu/silkroad/exhibit/guptas/guptas.html >."Women in the Gupta Empire - Women of the Classical Empires." Women in the Gupta Empire - Women of the Classical Empires. N.p., n.d. Web. 07 Sept. 2013."World Religions and Spirituality | Hinduism." Virginia Commonwealth University College of Humanities and Sciences. N.p., n.d. Web. 10 Sept. 2013. <http://www.has.vcu.edu/wrs/profiles/Hinduism.htm>Strong Hinduism beliefsStrong impact  Tolerated Buddhism Role of the family- Usually, in villages, people often lived in houses were parents, children, grandparents, uncles, and cousins all lived together in the same place- Usually fathers or the eldest male was the head of the house and had great authority over all of the family members-The children learned the family trade or worked in the fields and were taught what would be expected of them as adults- Parents would arrange the marriage for their children. The law was that you had to marry within your social classLet's play a gameFull transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            Asha Cermak
        Untitled PreziBarbara KrugerUntitled Prezi
            More prezis by author
        Popular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisPreziProductGalleryThe ScienceConversational PresentingFor BusinessTestimonialsCompanyAboutTeamCareersOur ValuesPressOur CustomersContact UsLanguages
                    English
                
                    Español
                
                    한국어
                
                    日本語
                
                    Deutsch
                
                    Português
                
                    Français
                
                    Magyar
                
                    Italiano
                InfogramChartsInfographicsSupportPrezi Next SupportPrezi Classic SupportBlog26 July 2017Prezi 101: How to Turn Your Bullet Points into Visuals25 July 2017Prezi 101: How to Choose Effective Background Images and Where to Find Them18 July 2017The Presentation Remote That’s Always in Your PocketSee all© 2017 Prezi Inc. TermsPreziProductGalleryThe ScienceConversational PresentingFor BusinessTestimonialsInfogramInfogramChartsInfographicsCompanyAboutTeamCareersOur ValuesPressOur CustomersContact UsSupportPrezi Next SupportPrezi Classic SupportLanguages
                                English
                            
                                Español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                Français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                Italiano
                            © 2017 Prezi Inc. TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks





Asha Gupta - Group President, Asia Pacific at Tupperware Brands Corporation



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Asha Gupta
Group President, Asia Pacific at Tupperware Brands Corporation



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Public Holdings 


Asha Gupta
Group President, Asia Pacific at Tupperware Brands Corporation



 Overview



Age



45
                                  (Born 1972)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 85 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




TechCrunch
May 10, 2017





                        Ceres Imaging raises $5 million to pinpoint crop stress for farmers                    





TechCrunch
July 13, 2016





                        Trace Genomics launches a 23andMe for farms, raises $4 million to improve the world’s food supply                    





TechCrunch
September 7, 2015





                        The Next Food Frontier: How AgTech Can Save The World                    





TechCrunch
May 19, 2015





                        Farmers Business Network Raises $15M From Google Ventures                    





The Edge Singapore
May 5, 2014





                        International: Tupperware party every 1.4 secs, Asia's middle class drives 68-year-old company                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Rick Goings

Chief Executive Officer at Tupperware Brands Corporation




Simon C. Hemus

Vice Chairman at Tupperware Brands Corporation





Michael S. Poteshman

Former Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at Tupperware Brands Corporation




Thomas M. Roehlk

Executive Vice President & Chief Legal Officer at Tupperware Brands Corporation





Lillian D. Garcia

Executive Vice President & Chief Human Resources Officer at Tupperware Brands Corporation




Nicholas K. Poucher

Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President & Controller at Tupperware Brands Corporation





Stein Ove Fenne

President-Tupperware US & Canada at Tupperware Brands Corporation




Christian Einar Skroder

Former Group President, Asia Pacific at Tupperware Brands Corporation





Puneet Narula

Managing Director at Tupperware India Pvt Ltd.




Karen M. Sheehan

Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at Tupperware Brands Corporation







See 75 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 75 More 


 


 Paths to Asha Gupta



            Asha Gupta          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Asha Gupta






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Asha Gupta.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Group President, Asia Pacific

                                    Current                


Tupperware Brands Corporation


                  Tupperware Brands Corp. operates as a global direct-to-consumer marketer of products across multiple brands and categories. It operates through the following geographical segments: Europe, Asia Pacific, Tupperware North America, Beauty North America, and South America. Its product brands and categories include design-centric preparation, storage and serving solutions for the kitchen and home through the Tupperware brand, and beauty and personal care products through the Avroy Shlain, BeautiControl, Fuller, NaturCare, Nutrimetics and Nuvo brands. The company was founded on February 8, 1996 and is headquartered in Orlando, FL.                




Managing Director

                                    2002 - 2014                


Tupperware India Pvt Ltd.







 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Asha Gupta is affiliated with
                            Tupperware Brands Corporation, Tupperware India Pvt Ltd..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













