
















Sunil Gupta - Retina Specialty Institute | First-class retina care serving communities across the South East























 Nav
					









close 






Search














Sunil Gupta, M.D. 











Back




Text Size
A
A

High Contrast
Physicians & Surgeons

Sunil Gupta
Maggie Shuler
John Myers
Ryan Tarantola
Seán O’Sullivan
Anne Barañano
Muge R. Kesen


Procedures
Select a Location
Our Values
Research

Independent Research
Product Development
Clinical Trials
New Clinical Trials


Emergency Information
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
 

Sunil Gupta, M.D. 
Sunil Gupta, M.D. is a nationally recognized retinal surgeon, a successful entrepreneur, and a healthcare pioneer. He is founder and manager of one of the largest retinal research organizations in the United States, Retina Specialty Institute. His practice serves patients in 16 clinics across the Southeast with 7 physicians.
Dr. Gupta works tirelessly to develop improved healthcare delivery systems built with LEAN methodology and cloud-based technologies. Dr. Gupta and his esteemed colleagues across multiple organizations are on a mission to revolutionize private practice data aggregation, to enhance productivity, and to build efficiency models inspired by Japanese manufacturing. Dr. Gupta thrives on bringing together stakeholders from across the healthcare and business landscape to solve complex challenges and deliver the triple aim of accessible, affordable, and quality patient care.
Dr. Gupta serves on the Retina Advisory Committee for Alcon (RAC2); Executive Committee for LAMPA, Retina Advisory Board for Genentech Pharmaceuticals; and the Retina Advisory Board for Allergan. 
RETINA SPECIALTY INSTITUTE
Dr. Gupta and Retina Specialty Institute are on the front lines of retina research for new class drugs, leading over 28 clinical trials for conditions such as Macular Degeneration and Diabetic Retinopathy. He assists industry in designing better surgical systems, equipment and processes. Building models of efficiency without sacrificing quality for patients, Dr. Gupta is bringing Six Sigma-inspired systems to healthcare. Additionally, he has developed new medical delivery vehicles, holds multiple diagnostic and pharmaceutical patents, and is leading efforts to bring advanced new synthetic molecules to the forefront of retinal therapy.  
His love for patients, whom he respects as equal partners in their care, is reflected in his compassionate, approachable manner. Whereas healthcare delivery can often be perceived as hierarchical in nature, Dr. Gupta believes that physicians today must be able to identify with what the patient is experiencing in order to improve communication and enhance delivery of care. 
USRETINA
Dr. Gupta is the co-founder and chief medical officer of USRetina — one of the largest associations of retina physicians in the United States. This rapidly growing association of more than sixty member practices represents over $3 billion in revenue. This young, innovative organization is making bold moves to advance, aggregate, and advocate for the retina vitreous community. USRetina delivers clinical and operational excellence in RetinaVitreous care, benefiting patients, retina physicians, and industry partners. At its heart USRetina strives to put the patients first while preparing its constituent practices for value based medicine.  
IRIS: Intelligent Retina Imaging Systems
Dr. Gupta is the founder, chairman and chief medical officer of IRIS: Intelligent Retinal Imaging Systems, an FDA-cleared, cloud based, telemedicine tool for assessment of retinal eye disease in the primary care setting. The award-winning IRIS team is on a mission to end preventable blindness due to Diabetic Retinopathy and other conditions. Using state-of-the art cameras, retinal images are transmitted to a powerful cloud-based platform and evaluated in real-time by remote eye care specialists. IRIS identifies patients at risk, particularly the subset patient group that typically does not seek or have access to care.
IRIS helps to “shoot the gap” in U.S. healthcare, serving as a population health management tool for the countless patients left behind in current delivery models. Additionally, Dr. Gupta has led the development of image enhancement technology to identify sub particle pathology, as well as the automated detection of diabetic retinopathy and glaucoma via advanced algorithms.
ANDREWS INSTITUTE
Dr. Gupta was the past chairman of the Andrews Institute Ambulatory Surgery Center, and was a key organizer of this joint venture between Baptist Health Care and local physicians. The state-of-the-art surgery center was designed from the ground up to be optimal for outpatient procedures with eight operating rooms featuring the latest technology utilizing high definition camera and video systems. 
Dr. Gupta also serves on the board of the Andrews Research & Education Institute, and was instrumental in organizing and helping to obtain funding for its adult stem cell research laboratory.
EDUCATION & APPOINTMENTS
Dr. Gupta earned his Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from the University of Washington, Seattle, and his Doctor of Medicine degree from the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine. He interned at Baylor College of Medicine and completed his ophthalmology residency at the Cullen Eye Institute in Houston, acting as chief resident 1991-1992. He finished a two-year fellowship in vitreoretinal diseases and surgery at the University of Iowa, Iowa City, where he focused on disorders such as uveitis and genetic retinal diseases.
He is board certified by the American Board of Ophthalmology.
He is a member of the American Ophthalmology Association, American Medical Association, Escambia County Medical Association and the Florida Society of Ophthalmology.



Locations
We have locations across the South East, including offices in Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana. Find an office that serves your community. 

Learn More





Our Values
We are physicians, scientists, and medical engineers, indeed. We are also curious, creative, and intuitive innovators always looking for new answers to deliver maximum results.

Learn More































        PDMA Sunil K. Gupta
    

























Subscribe for free
Tell friends
Publish events



 Login





Subscribe for free

Hello! Log in to edit your preferences or click here to subscribe for free now!



Email address:
**


Password:
**






 
                                        

Lost password?





            Please enable JavaScript
        







|

        more sharing

















 Product Management Thought Leaders Series
Meet the Author Sunil K. Gupta:
Managing Your Customers as Investments:
      Are you Spending More on Your Customers than They are Worth?
Wednesday, Feb 16, 2005
        6:30 - 9:30PM
        SLC Conference Center
        352 7th Ave. 16th Fl. (30 St.), New York
Dinner: Deli Buffet
  Cost: $30 - PDMA, $40 - Non-Member, $20 - Student
  PDH: 2 PDH
To Register: http://www.pdma.org/nynj

Sunil Gupta's and Donal Lehmann's approach to the valuing of customer relationships examines the cost to acquire, retain, and grow your customer base over the long term, and presents strategies that develop from this methodology. Discussions will involve: 
How to calculate the value of customers in a simple way
How the value of customers provides the basis for marketing strategy and planning
The importance of balancing the value of the customer to the firm with the value the firm provides to the customer
How to use the value of the customer as a basis for firm valuation and M&A decisions
The implications for organization and incentive structure and the limitations of product and brand management
How to link customer value to business value
 Sunil K. Gupta, Professor of Marketing at Columbia Business
        Dr. Sunil Gupta is Meyer Feldberg Professor of Business at the Columbia Business School, Columbia University, New York, where he has taught since 1990. He has also taught at UCLA and the Harvard Business School; conducted seminars and consulted with companies worldwide; appeared on CNN, BBC, and PBS; and quoted in publications including The New York Times, The Financial Times, and The Washington Post.
Professor Gupta's expertise lies in the areas of marketing strategy, pricing, and customer management. He has published extensively on these topics. His research papers have won several awards, including the O'Dell and Paul Green awards for the Journal of Marketing Research and the best paper awards for the International Journal of Research in Marketing and Marketing Science Institute. He serves on the editorial boards of International Journal of Research in Marketing, Journal of Marketing, Journal of Marketing Research, and Marketing Science.
He is the cofounder and President of the EX Group, a strategic consulting group that specializes in customer management. He is also an academic trustee of the Marketing Science Institute. He holds an MBA from Indian Institute of Management and a Ph.D. from Columbia University.
 Future Events:
Pricing: Optimizing Market Acceptance, Growth and Margin from New Products
(Product Management Skills Series)
        A presentation and discussion from one of the preeminent consulting groups focused on pricing (T. Nagle and K. Holden's, "The Strategy and Tactics of Pricing") will focus on:
March 9, 2005, 6:30PM, Location: Stevens Institute of Technology

Avoiding new product traps
Capturing the full value of new products
How to ensure growth from new product introduction
Building the new product business case based on value creation
Redefining your business model - how to succeed at moving from products to solutions and services
Improving new product success in the market place.
 




This event has already taken place. Please don't RSVP. Thanks!

Share this invitation with your friends!



                See all our public listings to upcoming events following the links to your city the footer of the pages on our site
            
Want to hear about your favorite 
                      events automatically?
Event Me's free service informs you about unique social, culinary, cultural & professional events in New York City (NYC) and other US cities.



Simply register your event interests with us. We will send you invitations to
unique events that match your personal preferences. For free.We never reveal your information to anybody.
"I love the Event Me e-mails and have attended many of 
                      the functions.
                      Keep up the good work!" Jody B.
Subscribe 
                      for free now to receive invites!
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









SUNIL GUPTA - Google+Press question mark to see available shortcut keysHomeCollectionsJoin Google+Send FeedbackHelpRegionPrivacy Policy - Terms of Service - Maps Terms©2017 GoogleSearchSign inAboutSearchMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inSign inSUNIL GUPTA31 followers -  God! God!31 followersAboutSUNIL GUPTA's interestsView allNational Geographic Education920,361 MembersAsk to joinWhatsApp6,624,107 MembersJoinFASHION COMMUNITY OF INDIA86,742 MembersJoinJob Search + Resume + Interview206,820 MembersJoinSUNIL GUPTA's posts Post has shared contentSUNIL GUPTAPublicJan 28, 2016Originally shared by Studio Crafts (PASS) LTDPlease take a look at a selection of bespoke jewellery we have made to our customer’s requirementshttp://www.studio-crafts.co.uk/gallery.php﻿Studio Crafts - Family run Jewellers and Goldsmiths in Peacehaven, near Brighton East Sussexstudio-crafts.co.uk no plus ones no comments no shares Post has shared contentSUNIL GUPTAPublicJan 28, 2016Originally shared by SUNIL GUPTA  - 1 commentTALLY XPERT COURSE﻿TALLY XPERT COURSESUNIL GUPTAFollow one plus one 1  one comment 1  no sharesSUNIL GUPTA: MY WHATSAPP NUMBER IS +919829123121,..................... PLEASE SEND ME MESSAGES ON WHATSAPP AND EMAIL ME AT TALLYCHAMPSSUNIL@GMAIL.COM﻿ SUNIL GUPTAPublicJan 3, 2016GioneeXender can high-speed transfer different files to your friends, no flow charge.Try it! http://www.xender.cn/f/xender.apk﻿ no plus ones no comments no shares Post has attachmentSUNIL GUPTAPublicDec 14, 2015http://www.age-test.com/﻿14/12/20152 Photos - View album no plus ones one comment 1  no sharesSUNIL GUPTA: Really﻿ Post has shared contentSUNIL GUPTAPublicDec 9, 2015good tolearn﻿Originally shared by Paytm Mall Seller Training  - 3 commentsIn this training session, we will cover the following topics:1. Getting started2. How to manage your inventory3. How to add new products to your catalog4. Question-and-answer session on seller panel-related queriesAt the end of the session, kindly fill the following feedback form so we can improve our training sessions:https://goo.gl/W8KuY6﻿Seller Panel Training: Listing Products (Hindi)In this training session, we will cover the following topics:
1. Getting started
2. How to manage your inventory
3. How to add new products to your catalog
4. Question-and-answer session on seller panel-related queries

At the end of the session, kindly fill the following feedback form so we can improve our training sessions:
https://goo.gl/W8KuY6 no plus ones no comments no shares Post has shared contentSUNIL GUPTAPublicJan 28, 2016Book Content at a GlancePackage includes a Tutorial CD and Participant CertificateI Basic AccountingII Handling Multiple Company1) Company Creation2) Company Alteration / Deletion3) Tally Vault and Administrator PasswordIII F11: Features (Company Specific)1) Accounting Features2) Inventory Features3) Statutory & Taxation4) Tally.NET Features5) Add-On FeaturesIV F12: Configurations (User / Program Specific)1) General2) Numeric Symbols3) Accounts / Inventory Info.4) Voucher Entry5) Invoice / Orders Entry6) Payroll Configuration7) Banking Configuration8) Printing9) E-Mailing10) Data Configuration11) Advanced Configuration12) Message Center13) Product & Features14) LicensingV Accounting using Tally.ERP 91) Account Mastersi. Groups (Single / Multiple)a) Createb) Alterc) Displayii. Ledgers (Single / Multiple)a) Createb) Alterc) Displayd) Setting Credit Limits of Partiesiii. Cost Categories (Single / Multiple)a) Createb) Alterc) Displayiv. Cost Centres (Single / Multiple)a) Createb) Alterc) Displayv. Budgetsa) Creation of Simple & Group Budgetsb) Alterationvi. Scenariosa) Creationb) Alterationvii. Multiple Currenciesa) Createb) Alterc) Exchange Rates based on Base Currencyviii. Voucher Types (Accounting)a) Createb) Alterc) Displayix. Serial Numbers for Excisea) Createb) Alterc) Display2) Accounting Vouchers (Creation, Alteration, Cancelation & Deletion)i. Purchase (As Voucher / As Invoice)a) Recording Material Purchase (With or without VAT/CST)b) Booking of Expenses (for TDS)c) Entry for services received (for Service Tax)d) Recording Material Purchase (Excisable for Dealers / Manufacturers)ii. Sales (As Voucher / As Invoice)a) Sales of Goods (With or without VAT/CST)b) Bill for Services (for Service Tax)c) Recording Sales (Excisable for Dealers / Manufacturers)d) POS - Point of Saleiii. Receipt (Single / Double Entry Mode)iv. Payment (Single / Double Entry Mode)a) Cash / Bank Paymentsb) Statutory Payments· VAT & CST· TDS· Service Tax· Excise· Payroll (PF, EPS, ESI & Admin Charges)v. Contra Entry (Single / Double Entry Mode)vi. Journalsa) Adjustment Entries for Accountsb) TDS Deductionc) Input Credit Adjustments· VAT & CST· Service Tax· Excise / CENVAT Adjustments· Forex Gain/Loss Adjustmentvii. Debit Notea) Vouchers for Debiting Party Accountsb) Interest Receivablec) For Excise / CENVAT Adjustmentsviii. Credit Notea) Vouchers for Crediting Party Accountsb) Interest Payableix. Memorandumx. Reversing Journal3) Accounting Reportsi. Cash / Bank Booksii. Ledgeriii. Group Summaryiv. Group Vouchersv. Sales Registervi. POS Registervii. Purchase Registerviii. Journal Registerix. Outstanding Receivablex. Outstanding Payablexi. Ageing Analysis of Bills Receivable & Payablexii. Interest Receivablexiii. Interest Payablexiv. Cost Center Category Summaryxv. Cost Center wise Break-Upxvi. Exceptional Reportsxvii. List of Accountxviii.Statisticsxix. Ratio Analysisxx. Cash/Funds Flow Analysisxxi. Trial Balancexxii. Final Accountsa) Profit & Loss A/cb) Balance Sheet4) Other Accounting Featuresi. Cheque Printingii. Banck ReconciliationVI Inventory management using Tally.ERP 91) Mastersi. Stock Groups (Single / Multiple)a) Createb) Alterc) Displayii. Stock Category (Single / Multiple)a) Createb) Alterc) Displayiii. VAT / Excise Commoditiesa) Createb) Alterc) Displayiv. Unit of Measurement (Simple & Compound Units.)a) Createb) Alterc) Displayv. Stock Items (Single & Multiple)a) Createb) Alterc) Displayvi. Godowns / Excise Units (Single & Multiple)a) Createb) Alterc) Displayvii. Reorder Levelsviii. Voucher Types (Inventory)a) Createb) Alterc) Display2) Inventory Vouchers (Creation, Alteration, Cancelation & Deletion)i. Order Vouchersa) Purchase Ordersb) Sales Ordersii. Vouchers for Goods Inward / Outwarda) Receipt Note (Goods Receipt Note)b) Delivery Note (Delivery Challan)c) Goods Rejections Ind) Goods Rejections Outiii. Stock Journala) Simple Stock Journalb) Inter Godown Transfer Classc) Manufacturing Journal (Linked to BOM)d) Class for Consumption (Excisable Goods)e) Class onsite Consumption (Job Costing)f) Physical Stock Verification Voucher3) Inventory Reportsi. Stock Summarya) Item Wiseb) Group Wisec) Category Wised) Godown Wiseii. Sales Order Bookiii. Sales Order Analysisiv. Purchase Order Bookv. Purchase Order Analysisvi. Stock Transfervii. Physical Stock Registerviii. Movement Analysisix. Batch Wise Analysisx. Ageing Analysisa) Purchase Date Wiseb) Manufacturing Date Wisec) Expiry Date Wised) To be Expiredxi. Stock Queryxii. Cost Estimate of Goods Producedxiii. Job Work Analysisxiv. Reorder Statusxv. Purchase Bills Pending (Purchases Against GRN)xvi. Sales Bills Pending (Sales Against Challan)VII Statutory Reports1) VAT - Value Added Taxi. VAT Computationii. VAT Formsiii. E-VAT Formsiv. Audit Formsv. VAT Register2) CST - Central Sales Taxi. Forms Receivableii. Forms Issuableiii. CST Return Formiv. ECST Formsv. CST Register3) Service Taxi. Service Tax Computationii. Service Tax Payablesiii. Input Creditiv. ST3v. Exception Reports4) TDS - Tax Deducted at Sourcei. Computationii. Challan Reconciliationiii. Returniv. E-Returnv. TDS Outstanding5) Excise for Manufactureri. Excise Computationii. Daily Stock Registeriii. PLA Registeriv. PLA Summaryv. Form ER 1vi. Form ER 3vii. Form ER 5viii. Form ER 6ix. Form ER 8x. CENVAT Registersxi. E-Return6) Excise for Dealersi. Excise Stock Registerii. Excise Purchase Bill Registeriii. Party Wise Duty Extractiv. Customs Clearance Registerv. Sales And Purchase Extractvi. Form RG 23Dvii. Form - 2viii. E-ReturnVIII Other Features1) Different Actual & Billed2) Zero Valued Entries3) Additional Cost of Purchase4) Multiple Price Level & Price List5) Aging Analysis6) Data Backup & Restore7) Data Export & Import8) Extending Accounting Period9) Splitting of Data10) Printing & Rendering11) e-mail12) Data Upload to Website.13) Tally Audit Feature14) Multi-Lingual Capabilities15) Tally.NET16) SMS from Tally.ERP 9﻿Originally shared by SUNIL GUPTA  - 1 commentTALLY XPERT COURSE﻿TALLY XPERT COURSESUNIL GUPTAFollow no plus ones no comments no shares SUNIL GUPTAPublicJan 7, 2016GioneeXender can high-speed transfer different files to your friends, no flow charge.Try it! http://www.xender.cn/f/xender.apk﻿ no plus ones no comments no shares Post has shared contentSUNIL GUPTAPublicDec 30, 2015Originally shared by Newsflicks Hindiजीवन में जो कुछ दूसरों के साथ करेंगे, वही आपके साथ होगा...इसलिए अच्छा सोचें और अच्छा करें!﻿TranslateShow original text no plus ones no comments no shares Post has attachmentSUNIL GUPTAPublicDec 14, 2015योग-साधना के विश्वविख्यात उपासक एवं योगाचार्य बी.के.एस. आयंगार द्वारा योग विषय पर हिन्दी में प्रकाशित पहली पुस्तक। यह कहना अतिशयोक्ति न होगी कि योग जैसे विस्तृत विषय पर लिखित यह पुस्तक परंपरा से हटकर है।इसमें योगासनों के विशुद्ध रूप, उनका शुद्धाचरण, उनकी बारीकियाँ, शरीर की कमियाँ और रोग-व्याधियों के अनुसार योगासनों का चयन आदि के सम्बन्ध में सविस्तार मार्गदर्शन सहज, सरल एवं बोधगम्य रूप में किया गया है। योग और योगासनों का सूक्ष्म विश्लेषण, जो हर आयु-वर्ग के पाठकों हेतु उपयोगी है।अधिक विस्तृत एवं उपयोगी जानकारियाँ, जिन्हें पढ़कर पाठकगण आसानी से योग, योगासन व प्राणायाम सीख सकते हैं। विशिष्ट संप्रेषण शैली एवं शरीर विज्ञान सम्बन्धी वैज्ञानिक विश्लेषण पुस्तक की अतिरिक्त विशेषता है। योगासनों की विभिन्न स्थितियों को दरशाते लगभग 300 रेखाचित्र, ताकि विषय को समझने में आसानी रहे। आसन, प्राणायाम, धारणा, ध्यान आदि अंगों के सर्वांगीण विवेचन से परिपूर्ण पुस्तक।प्रत्येक परिवार के लिए पठनीय, उपयोगी एवं संग्रहणीय पुस्तक।पतंजलि की प्रार्थनायोगेन चित्तस्य पदेन वाचां मलं शारीरस्य च वैद्यकेन।योऽपाकरोत्तं प्रवरं मुनीनां पर जलिं प्रा जलिरानतोऽस्मि।।आबाहु पुरुषाकारं शंखचक्रासि धारिणम्।सहस्र शिरसं भवेत प्रणमामि पतं जलिम्।।अर्थात् चित्त शुद्धि के लिए योग, वाणी-शुद्धि के लिए व्याकरण और शरीर-शुद्धि के लिए वैद्यकशास्त्र देनेवाले मुनिश्रेष्ठ पातंजलि को प्रणाम ! जिनकी ऊर्ध्व देह मनुष्याकार है, जिन्होंने हाथ में शंक, चक्र और तलवार धारण की है, उन सहस्रशीर्ष आदिशेषावतार पातंजलि को प्रणाम !लेखक का मनोगतपुणे ‘सकाळ’ दैनिक संपादक कै.ना.भि. परुळेकर से मेरा कई वर्षों से परिचय था। उस पृष्ठभूमि में मित्रता की स्मृतियों को ताजा करते हुए ‘सकाळ’ संस्था की ओर से वर्तमान संपादक श्री विजय कुवळेकर द्वारा ‘रविवार सकाळ’ में योग-साधना पर वर्ष भर लेखमालिका लिखने के लिए मेरे पास प्रस्ताव आया। अस्सी वर्ष की आयु पूरी करते समय अर्थात् सहस्रचंद्रदर्शन होते समय अपनी पाँच तप से अधिक योग साधना को, पतंजलि के योग दर्शन को यदि मैं पूर्ण स्वास्थ्य के लिए व्यावहारिक स्तर से आध्यात्मिक स्तर तक प्रस्तुत कर सकूँ तो स्वयं को कृतार्थ समझूँगा और समाज के ऋण से, अंशतः ही क्यों न हो, उऋण हो सकूँगा। इसलिए अवसर को न खोकर मैंने उक्त लेखमाला लिखना स्वीकार कर लिया । उसी का परिणाम है यह पुस्तक।किसी भी विषय को शास्त्र के रूप में प्रस्तुत करना पड़ता है। किसी व्यक्ति को दूसरे देश में भोजन करना हो तो स्वाद न लिये हुए पदार्थ को चखने की उसमें अजीब सी उत्सुकता होती है। पहले क्या खाया जाए और अंत में क्या खाया जाए या किसके साथ क्या खाना है तथा किसमें क्या मिलाना है आदि उसे समझ में नहीं आता। परंतु नाक से आनेवाली गंध और जिह्वा के स्वाद से यदि वह उस पदार्थ का आस्वाद लेगा तो उसमें अन्यथा कुछ भी नहीं है; बल्कि उस नए व्यक्ति के लिए यही आसान व सरल-सुगम मार्ग है।नौसिखियों को योगविद्या का आस्वाद भी ऐसे ही लेना पड़ता है। जो सुगम और सुसाध्य है, उसे पहले लेना चाहिए। अर्थात् अष्टांग योग की सीढ़ियाँ नहीं होतीं। यह योग अष्टदल होता है। गुलाब के सुंदर फूल की ओर हम सहज ही आकर्षित हो जाते हैं। योग के अष्टांग भी गुलाब की पंखुड़ियों की भाँति हैं। लेकिन फूलों को वैज्ञानिक दृष्टि से देखने पर लगता है कि सभी पँखुड़ियाँ एक स्तर पर न होकर अलग-अलग स्तर पर होती हैं। बाहर और अंदर की पँखुड़ियों का आकार स्थूल रूप से एक जैसा लगता है, पर अंदर की पँखुड़ियाँ तुलनात्मक दृष्टि से सूक्ष्मतर होती जाती हैं। अष्टांग योग का पुष्प भी ऐसा ही है। प्रथम दृष्टि में जो आकलनीय है, उसे लेना पड़ता है। यह सही है कि यम-नियमों का परिपालन सूक्ष्मता से और अनुशासन से करना असंभव होता है। यह सब करने के लिए परिस्थितियों में बदलाव लाना पड़ता है, बल्कि मनःस्थिति में भी बदलाव लाना आवश्यक है।चित्त को उच्च स्तर पर ले जाना पड़ता है। आसन-प्राणायाम का भी वैसा ही है। व्याधि-पीड़ित मनुष्य को स्वास्थ्य, आरोग्य का आकर्षण आंतरिक होता है, क्योंकि वह उसकी जरूरत होती है।’ पर जरूरत पूरी हो जाने पर वैद्यकीय उपचार के स्तर से आत्मविद्या के स्तर पर जाने का दायित्व भी उसका अपना होता है। जीवन भोजन के लिए नहीं बल्कि भोजन जीवन के लिए है, इसे ध्यान में रखना पड़ता है। आसन-प्राणायम के अभ्यास की बारीकियों को सीखने एवं आत्सात् करने के लिए मूर्त से अमूर्त की ओर अंतर्यात्रा शुरू हो जाती है। उसे प्रत्याहार सहित नए स्तर का एहसास होने लगता है। शरीर के अंदर का प्रत्येक स्थान आत्मस्थान है। उसे चेतनाशक्ति से आविर्भूत, प्राणशक्ति से पूरित (परिपूर्ण) और आत्मशक्ति से व्याप्त अंतर का—प्रकाशित चित्त के कारण—अनुभव होने लगता है। उससे ही उसे ध्यान-धारणा की ओर जाने का मार्ग मिल जाते है।प्रस्तुत पुस्तक लेखन का उद्देश्य केवल स्वास्थ्य के लिए योग का अनुसरण कैसे किया जाए, होने पर भी मेरे अंदर रचे-बसे साधक और पूर्ण स्वरूप में वर्णित करके पाठकों तक पहुँचाने का एक विनम्र प्रयास है। हो सकता है, यह सबके लिए सुगम न हो, लेकिन मेरे अंतरतम का मनोयोग एवं लगन उनके ध्यान में अवश्य आएगी।छात्रवर्ग ने मुझे भाषा के संदर्भ में तथा चित्रकला के जानकार व्यक्तियों ने रेखाचित्र बनाने के संदर्भ में जो सहयोग दिया, उसके लिए मैं उनका आभारी हूँ। पुस्तक को सरल व सुगम बनाने में अपने संपादन के कार्य से बहुमूल्य योगदान देकर श्री पुरुषोत्तम धाक्रस ने जो सहायता की, उसके लिए मैं उनका भी आभारी हूँ।डॉ. दुर्गा दीक्षित ने पुस्तक के हिंदी रूपांतरण का जटिल कार्य सुचारु रूप से पूरा किया तथा इस कार्य में सुश्री निवेदिता जोशी ने उनकी सहायता की। हिंदी रूपांतरण के माध्यम से ‘सभी के लिए योग’ पुस्तक हिंदी भाषी पाठकों के लिए उपलब्ध कराने के बहुमूल्य कार्य में सहयोग के लिए इन दोनों का मैं आभारी हूँ। पाठकों के हाथों में यह पुस्तक सौंपते हुए यह सदिच्छा, कि उनका योग संबंधी ज्ञान क्षितिज अधिकाधिक व्यापक होता जाए, रखते हुए परमात्मा के श्रीचरणों में यह पुस्तक समर्पित करता हूँ।-बी.के.एस. आयंगरसर्वस्पर्शी साधनाभारतीय संस्कृति में योग विद्या का महत्त्वपूर्ण स्थान है। भारतीय दर्शन को स्पष्ट करने वाले छह दर्शनों में से एक दर्शन है योग। ‘योगशास्त्र’ बहुत प्राचीन शास्त्र है। ऐसा विश्वास है कि यह स्वयं ब्रह्मा के द्वारा मानव जाति को दिया हुआ वरदान है। महर्षि पतंजलि ने ईसा से दो सौ वर्ष पहले योग-साधना की रचना सूत्र के रूप में की थी। उनके पूर्व योग विषयक जानकारी कई वेद ग्रंथों में कहीं-कहीं बिखरे रूप में अवश्य थी। बाद के काल में उपनिषद् संहिता, हठयोग-प्रदीपिका, घेरंडसंहिता, शिवसंहिता जैसे अलग-अलग ग्रंथों में उसका विस्तार पाया जाता है। समय के अनुसार विषयों में परिवर्तन होते रहे, लेकिन योग मूलताः बुद्धिनिष्ठ ही रहा। इस शास्त्र में मानव में शारीरिक, मानसिक नैतिक और आध्यात्मिक परिवर्तन करने की शक्ति तो है, साथ ही उसके अपने व्यक्तिगत सांस्कृतिक स्तर और पूरे समाज के सांस्कृतिक स्तर को ऊँचा उठाने की क्षमता भी है। इसीलिए तो यह शास्त्र मानव जाति के लिए वरदान है। पिछली आधी शती में जनसामान्य में इसके संबंध में बहुत उत्सुकता और जिज्ञासा उत्पन्न हुई है। कई व्यक्ति और संस्थाएँ योगशास्त्र के प्रसार का और शिक्षा देने का कार्य कर रही हैं। इसलिए यह योग-दीप फिर एक बार प्रज्वलित हो उठा है। मन, बुद्धि, अहं और चित की सामर्थ्य मनुष्य की विशेषता है। वह अपनी पाँचों इंद्रियों के द्वारा प्रकृति और बाह्य घटनाओं का अवलोकन कर सकता है और उन्हें आत्मसात भी कर सकता है। इसके कारण उसमें अलग-अलग प्रकार की अच्छी-बुरी वृत्तियाँ प्रकट होती हैं। इसका परिणाम यह भी होता है कि कई बार मनुष्य सत् और असत् को जानने की अपनी शक्ति का उपयोग न करके कुछ अन्य व्यवहार कर जाता है। ऐसी स्थिति में सुख या दुःख पैदा होता है। गलत वृत्तियाँ हमेशा ज्यादा प्रभावशाली होती हैं।﻿TranslateShow original textकभी दो वक्त की रोटी भी मयस्सर न थी योग गुरु आयंगर को - navbharattimesnavbharattimes.indiatimes.com one plus one 1  no comments no shares Post has shared contentSUNIL GUPTAPublicOct 20, 2015OHHHHHH﻿Originally shared by Radio Mirchi  - 31 comments‘Tu Meri Neendo Me Sota Hai, Tu Mere Ashqo Mein Rota Hai, __________________’Can you complete the lyrics of this latest ‪#‎song‬ starring Shraddha Kapoor and Sidharth Malhotra?﻿ no plus ones no comments no sharesLooks like you've reached the endLooks like you've reached the endUnable to load more. RetryWait while more posts are being loaded



Sunil Gupta












































Remember me


Forgot password?




Log in





or









Log in with Linkedin











Log in with Facebook











Log in with Google









Don't have an account?  Register






























Hide my real name (optional)





















Your password must contains at least 8 characters, one capital letter and one number.












Register






or









Register with Linkedin











Register with Facebook











Register with Google






By signing up, I agree to CoFoundersLab's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy







Already a CoFoundersLab member?  Log in



























Sunil Gupta


Technical,
Product Management



Kings County,
New York, US
















http://cofounderslab.com/profile/sunil-gupta-1









Background







About Sunil


                            I was a software developer and team lead for nine years.  I built financial IT systems at Deutsche Bank in NYC for five years.  Prior to that, I built marketing systems at a Time Warner subsidiary for four years.  I led three small teams of developers during my final two years at Deutsche Bank.  Now, I'm at Google doing Product Management. In undergrad, I did CS at Cornell.  I recently did my MBA at MIT Sloan.
                        



Headline


                            Product Manager at Google
                        



Work Experience


Intern
Bell Labs Lucent Technologies

June 2000 - August 2000 









        Discuss
    





Topics Followed 
9



                                        Analytics
                                    

                                        21588
                                    



                                        Business Analysis
                                    

                                        24493
                                    



                                        Digital Strategy
                                    

                                        27055
                                    



                                        Financial Modeling
                                    

                                        8147
                                    



                                        Java
                                    

                                        6113
                                    



                                        JavaScript
                                    

                                        18863
                                    



                                        Product management
                                    

                                        15802
                                    



                                        SQL
                                    

                                        4871
                                    



                                        Strategy
                                    

                                        46681
                                    
















Company

About
Team
Careers
Contact
Blog



Community

Pricing
Member benefits
Fundraise
Help



Register for CoFoundersLab updates















































©2017


Privacy PolicyTerms of Service























Gupta Sunil K in Cumberland, MD 21502 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Maryland
» Cumberland
» General Practice
» Gupta Sunil K













Gupta Sunil K


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





625 Kent Ave Ste 101 101 Ste Cumberland, Maryland 21502


(301) 724-7117


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Gupta Sunil K is located at the address 625 Kent Ave Ste 101 in Cumberland, Maryland 21502.  They can be contacted via phone at (301) 724-7117 for pricing, hours and directions.  Gupta Sunil K specializes in Vein Problems, Physical Medicine, Gastroenterology.  Gupta Sunil K has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact Sunil  Gupta, Gupta Sunil K provides Gentle Treatments, Record Keeping, Pulmonary Function Testing to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Gupta Sunil K view the map to the right.  For reviews of Gupta Sunil K see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Scratch-Resistant Lenses
, Plastic Lenses
, Therapeutic Shoes
, Light & Thin Lenses
, Daily Wear Contacts
, Sunglasses
, Vitamins & Minerals
, Herbal Supplements
, Disposable Contacts
, Goggles



SERVICES


Gentle Treatments
, Medications
, In Home Care
, Body Care
, Colposcopy
, Record Keeping
, On-Site Services
, Birth Delivery
, Pulmonary Function Testing
, Transplants


 SPECIALTIES


Neck Injuries
, Vein Problems
, Farsightedness
, Nail Disorders
, Work Injuries
, Headaches & Migraines
, Gastroenterology
, Warts
, Leg Pain
, Physical Medicine



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (301) 724-7117
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 9
Exact Sales Volume: 200000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


General Practice
Health Care
Physicians



People Also Viewed


RADMANESH RAMEZAN ALI MD


  Cumberland, Maryland 21502




HEALTH MATTERS URGENT CARE


14302 Barton Blvd Sw  Cumberland, Maryland 21502




CONROY AND HARTSUCH PC MD


919 Seton Dr  Cumberland, Maryland 21502




BEHNAM ALI MD


925 Bishop Walsh Rd  Cumberland, Maryland 21502




Ghobrial Tom MD


625 Kent Ave 209 Ste Cumberland, Maryland 21502




Khanna, Shiv Md


1221 National Hwy # E Cumberland, Maryland 21502





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Sunil  Gupta


 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM














Sunil Gupta (toguptasunil) ~ Likes ~ Creative Market





























×cefdbfwvzwfexfftsxxedqbsdcbuyv
Join the team! We're hiring designers, engineers, and product managers to help build the future of Creative Market. See all open positions →
























Photos
Graphics
Templates
Themes
Fonts
Add-Ons
3D
Search All













Get 6 free products and 10% off!
Continue →










Sunil Gupta



										Sunil Gupta hasn't liked anything yet.
									






Sunil Gupta

Following
Follow



	
	Message






1Follower
0Following





 Location

													Panchkula, India
											
























 

