    Jay Gurandiano | EACOM Timber Corporation | ZoomInfo.com










 




Joseph J. Gurandiano: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:16 PM ET
Paper and Forest Products

Company Overview of SP Fiber Technologies, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Joseph J. Gurandiano  Chairman of The Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, SP Fiber Technologies, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships71--
Background

		Mr. Joseph J. Gurandiano, also known as Jay, serves as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President at SP Fiber Technologies LLC. Mr. Gurandiano oversees operations of SP Fiber Technologies’ pulp and paper mills, as well as its 21 recycling facilities. Prior to joining SP Fiber Technologies, he spent decades in the newsprint and packaging industry. He served as the Managing Director of Stone House Investment Holdings Inc. In 2000, he was appointed Chief ... Operating Officer of Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation, where Mr. Gurandiano primarily oversaw the folding carton and boxboard, specialty packaging and bag packaging divisions and the specialty packaging operations of its subsidiary St. Laurent Paperboard. He also served in a number of corporate and operating management positions with Avenor and its predecessor companies, including president of the company’s paperboard group. He served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ainsworth Lumber Co. Ltd. until May 2010. He has been a Director of Xerium Technologies Inc. since December 1, 2008 and Eacom Timber Corporation since June 15, 2011. He served as a Director of Smurfit-Stone Container Corp. He served as Director of Ainsworth Lumber Co. Ltd. form July 29, 2008 to May 2010. Mr. Gurandiano has a Bachelor’s degree from Concordia University and a Law degree from McGill University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
709 Papermill RoadDublin, Georgia 31027United StatesPhone: 478-272-1600Fax: 478-275-6301
Board Members Memberships
Chairman of The Board, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentSP Fiber Technologies, LLC2008-PresentDirectorXerium Technologies, Inc.2011-PresentDirectorEacom Timber Corporation
Education
Bachelor's Degree Concordia UniversityLLB McGill University
Other Affiliations
Eacom Timber CorporationSmurfit-Stone Container Corp., Prior to its merger with Smurfit-Stone Container Enterprises, Inc.Xerium Technologies, Inc.Ainsworth Lumber Co. Ltd.Concordia UniversityMcGill University


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact SP Fiber Technologies, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Jay J. Gurandiano - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jay J. Gurandiano
Board Member at Xerium Technologies, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Jay J. Gurandiano? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jay J. Gurandiano's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jay J. Gurandiano's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jay J. Gurandiano's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jay J. Gurandiano through your network of contacts.
												








Jay J. Gurandiano's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Xerium Technologies, Inc.


Past
To view Jay J. Gurandiano's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
71

 
 


Jay J. Gurandiano's Biography



Mr. Gurandiano has served as a director since December 1, 2008. From September 2012 until December 2013, Mr. Gurandiano served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of SP Fiber Technologies LLC, a newsprint and packaging manufacturer. Additionally, he has been the Managing Director of Stone House Investment Holdings Inc., an investment holdings company, since October 2000. He currently serves as a director of Catalyst Paper Corporation, which he joined in 2017, and Eacom Timber Company, since 2011, He also served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ainsworth Lumber Co. Ltd., a lumber and wood products company, from 2 ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Gurandiano has served as a director since December 1, 2008. From September 2012 until December 2013, Mr. Gurandiano served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of SP Fiber Technologies LLC, a newsprint and packaging manufacturer. Additionally, he has been the Managing Director of Stone House Investment Holdings Inc., an investment holdings company, since October 2000. He currently serves as a director of Catalyst Paper Corporation, which he joined in 2017, and Eacom Timber Company, since 2011, He also served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ainsworth Lumber Co. Ltd., a lumber and wood products company, from 2008 until May 2010. Mr. Gurandiano brings to the Board significant management experience, particularly with respect to the paper industry, which gives him a valuable perspective in his role as a director. His qualifications to serve as a director also include his legal background and his private equity investment experience.
		
Source: Xerium Technologies, Inc. on 05/01/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jay J. Gurandiano's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jay J. Gurandiano. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jay J. Gurandiano's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jay J. Gurandiano's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jay J. Gurandiano through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jay J. Gurandiano


















Jay J. Gurandiano's Connections (31)





Sign up now to view Jay J. Gurandiano's 31 connections »









Alexander Toeldte
Board Member, Xerium Technologies, Inc.









David G. Maffucci
Board Member, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.









Michael F. Bly
Former Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources, Xerium Technologies, Inc.









Josef Mayer
Former Executive Vice President, Business Development, Xerium Technologies, Inc.









Michael O'Donnell
Former Executive Vice President & CFO, Xerium Technologies, Inc.









Harold C. Bevis
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Xerium Technologies, Inc.









John F. McGovern
Board Member, Kearny Financial Corp.









Kevin McDougall
Former Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Xerium Technologies, Inc.









Clifford E. Pietrafitta
Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Xerium Technologies, Inc.









Edward F. Paquette
Former Vice President/CFO, Standex International Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













﻿






























Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Xerium Technologies (NYSE:XRM) Stock Price - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Xerium Technologies Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Xerium Technologies Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE) Declares $0.08 Quarterly Dividend
Xaar plc (LON:XAR) Given Buy Rating at Peel Hunt
Metro Ag (ETR:MEO3) PT Set at €27.00 by Deutsche Bank AG
Itron, Inc. (ITRI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Royal Bank Of Canada Trims Mosaic Company (The) (NYSE:MOS) Target Price to $25.00
Peabody Energy Corporation (BTU) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts
YuMe (NYSE:YUME) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Shows
Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Westwood Holdings Group (NYSE:WHG) Share Price
Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact ZIOPHARM Oncology (NASDAQ:ZIOP) Stock Price
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Xerium Technologies (NYSE:XRM) Stock Price
Analysts Expect Amarin Corporation PLC (AMRN) to Announce -$0.06 Earnings Per Share
Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (DNB) vs. MSCI (MSCI) Head to Head Analysis
Analyzing ADT Corp (ADT) and MSA Safety Incorporporated (MSA)
Koninklijke Philips N.V. (PHG) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.18 EPS
Arconic Inc (ARNC) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS
WMIH Corp. (NASDAQ:WMIH) Given News Impact Rating of -0.10
W&T Offshore (WTI) and Clayton Williams Energy (CWEI) Head to Head Comparison
Syndax Pharmaceuticals (SNDX) and Transition Therapeutics (TTHI) Head to Head Comparison
Tesco PLC’s (LON:TSCO) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG
SSP Group PLC (LON:SSPG) Earns Sell Rating from Canaccord Genuity







Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Xerium Technologies (NYSE:XRM) Stock Price


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Media headlines about Xerium Technologies (NYSE:XRM) have been trending somewhat positive this week, according to Accern. The research group identifies positive and negative news coverage by monitoring more than twenty million news and blog sources. Accern ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Xerium Technologies earned a media sentiment score of 0.20 on Accern’s scale. Accern also assigned press coverage about the industrial products company an impact score of 93 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near term. 
Shares of Xerium Technologies (NYSE XRM) traded down 0.95% on Monday, reaching $7.31. 117,752 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $7.25 and its 200 day moving average price is $6.30. Xerium Technologies has a 12 month low of $4.68 and a 12 month high of $9.16. The company’s market cap is $118.18 million. 


 Get Xerium Technologies Inc. alerts:



Xerium Technologies (NYSE:XRM) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.06 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.04. Xerium Technologies had a negative return on equity of 2.20% and a negative net margin of 4.83%. The firm had revenue of $119.87 million for the quarter.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Xerium Technologies will post $0.43 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/xerium-technologies-xrm-earns-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-20-updated-updated.html. 





In other Xerium Technologies news, Director Jay J. Gurandiano sold 12,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.99, for a total transaction of $83,880.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 52,917 shares in the company, valued at approximately $369,889.83. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Jay J. Gurandiano sold 4,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.01, for a total transaction of $28,040.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 48,917 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $342,908.17. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 15.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Xerium Technologies Company Profile
Xerium Technologies, Inc (Xerium) is a manufacturer and supplier of over two types of consumable products used in the production of paper: machine clothing and roll covers. The Company markets its products through brands, such as Huyck Wangner, Weavexx, Stowe Woodward, Mount Hope, Robec and Xibe. The Company operates in two segments: machine clothing and roll covers.







Receive News & Ratings for Xerium Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xerium Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿






























Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Xerium Technologies (NYSE:XRM) Stock Price - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Xerium Technologies Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Xerium Technologies Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE) Declares $0.08 Quarterly Dividend
Xaar plc (LON:XAR) Given Buy Rating at Peel Hunt
Metro Ag (ETR:MEO3) PT Set at €27.00 by Deutsche Bank AG
Itron, Inc. (ITRI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Royal Bank Of Canada Trims Mosaic Company (The) (NYSE:MOS) Target Price to $25.00
Peabody Energy Corporation (BTU) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts
YuMe (NYSE:YUME) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Shows
Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Westwood Holdings Group (NYSE:WHG) Share Price
Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact ZIOPHARM Oncology (NASDAQ:ZIOP) Stock Price
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Xerium Technologies (NYSE:XRM) Stock Price
Analysts Expect Amarin Corporation PLC (AMRN) to Announce -$0.06 Earnings Per Share
Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (DNB) vs. MSCI (MSCI) Head to Head Analysis
Analyzing ADT Corp (ADT) and MSA Safety Incorporporated (MSA)
Koninklijke Philips N.V. (PHG) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.18 EPS
Arconic Inc (ARNC) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS
WMIH Corp. (NASDAQ:WMIH) Given News Impact Rating of -0.10
W&T Offshore (WTI) and Clayton Williams Energy (CWEI) Head to Head Comparison
Syndax Pharmaceuticals (SNDX) and Transition Therapeutics (TTHI) Head to Head Comparison
Tesco PLC’s (LON:TSCO) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG
SSP Group PLC (LON:SSPG) Earns Sell Rating from Canaccord Genuity







Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Xerium Technologies (NYSE:XRM) Stock Price


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Media headlines about Xerium Technologies (NYSE:XRM) have been trending somewhat positive this week, according to Accern. The research group identifies positive and negative news coverage by monitoring more than twenty million news and blog sources. Accern ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Xerium Technologies earned a media sentiment score of 0.20 on Accern’s scale. Accern also assigned press coverage about the industrial products company an impact score of 93 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near term. 
Shares of Xerium Technologies (NYSE XRM) traded down 0.95% on Monday, reaching $7.31. 117,752 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $7.25 and its 200 day moving average price is $6.30. Xerium Technologies has a 12 month low of $4.68 and a 12 month high of $9.16. The company’s market cap is $118.18 million. 


 Get Xerium Technologies Inc. alerts:



Xerium Technologies (NYSE:XRM) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.06 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.04. Xerium Technologies had a negative return on equity of 2.20% and a negative net margin of 4.83%. The firm had revenue of $119.87 million for the quarter.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Xerium Technologies will post $0.43 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/xerium-technologies-xrm-earns-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-20-updated-updated.html. 





In other Xerium Technologies news, Director Jay J. Gurandiano sold 12,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.99, for a total transaction of $83,880.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 52,917 shares in the company, valued at approximately $369,889.83. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Jay J. Gurandiano sold 4,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.01, for a total transaction of $28,040.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 48,917 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $342,908.17. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 15.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Xerium Technologies Company Profile
Xerium Technologies, Inc (Xerium) is a manufacturer and supplier of over two types of consumable products used in the production of paper: machine clothing and roll covers. The Company markets its products through brands, such as Huyck Wangner, Weavexx, Stowe Woodward, Mount Hope, Robec and Xibe. The Company operates in two segments: machine clothing and roll covers.







Receive News & Ratings for Xerium Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xerium Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 












































































CA Inc. (CA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts - American Banking News




















































Home
Get Email Updates
About
Disclaimer
Contact
Privacy Policy









 
			

















Business News
U.S. News
World News
Stock Ratings

Analysts' Upgrades
Analysts' Downgrades
Analysts' EPS Estimates
Analysts' Price Targets
Analysts' New Coverage


Corporate Earnings

Earnings Results
Earnings Guidance
Earnings Previews


Dividends
Insider Trades
Options
Press Releases






















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 











 Recent Stories


Zacks: Analysts Expect Toll Brothers Inc. (TOL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.48 Billion


Hub Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HUBG) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $983.56 Million


First Defiance Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:FDEF) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $34.85 Million


Zacks: Analysts Expect TransMontaigne Partners L.P. (TLP) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $45.37 Million


iRobot Corporation (NASDAQ:IRBT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $202.60 Million


Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $13.02 Billion


$1.21 Billion in Sales Expected for Diebold, Incorporated (DBD) This Quarter


$302.85 Million in Sales Expected for Compass Diversified Holdings (NYSE:CODI) This Quarter


NIC Inc. (NASDAQ:EGOV) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $83.29 Million


Opus Bank (OPB) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts


Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMPH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages


Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:SPB) Given New $140.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets


Heron Therapeutics, Inc. (HRTX) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts


Vocera Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VCRA) Price Target Raised to $31.00 at Leerink Swann


Dunkin’ Brands Group, Inc. (DNKN) Price Target Raised to $58.00


BMO Capital Markets Boosts Xcel Energy Inc. (XEL) Price Target to $47.00


Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts


PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages


Flowserve Corporation (FLS) Given New $47.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets


NextEra Energy Partners, LP (NEP) Price Target Increased to $45.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets





 






						CA Inc. (CA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts					

June 27th, 2017  • 0 comments • Filed Under •
 by ABMN Staff



							Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles • Market News 






Tweet










Shares of CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) have earned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the sixteen analysts that are presently  covering the firm, MarketBeat.com reports. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, eight have issued  a hold recommendation and five have issued  a buy recommendation on  the company. The average 1-year price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $34.57. 
A number of brokerages have recently commented on CA. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research report on Thursday, June 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price objective on shares of CA in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Evercore ISI lowered shares of CA from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. FIG Partners raised shares of CA to an “outperform” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $40.00 to $42.25 in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, DA Davidson lowered shares of CA from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th.


 Get CA Inc. alerts:



In other CA news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,000,367.10. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 




Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of  CA by 3.4% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 3,245 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 107 shares in the last quarter.  Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  CA by 280.0% in the first quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 3,800 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 2,800 shares in the last quarter.  Tompkins Financial Corp boosted its stake in shares of  CA by 294.7% in the first quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp now owns 5,387 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $165,000 after buying an additional 4,022 shares in the last quarter.  Hefty Wealth Partners boosted its stake in shares of  CA by 5,080.4% in the first quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 5,284 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $167,000 after buying an additional 5,182 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Penserra Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  CA by 9.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 5,658 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $179,000 after buying an additional 492 shares in the last quarter. 71.69% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was  posted by American Banking News and is the property of of American Banking News. If you are reading this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2017/06/27/ca-inc-ca-receives-consensus-rating-of-hold-from-analysts.html. 
Shares of CA (NASDAQ:CA) opened at 34.81 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $31.93 and its 200-day moving average price is $32.09. The stock has a market capitalization of $14.54 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.82 and a beta of 0.92. CA has a 12 month low of $30.01 and a 12 month high of $35.27. 
CA (NASDAQ:CA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. CA had a net margin of 19.20% and a return on equity of 17.15%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.60 earnings per share.  Equities analysts forecast that  CA will post $2.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 25th were paid a dividend of $0.255 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Tuesday, May 23rd. This represents a $1.02 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.93%. CA’s dividend payout ratio  is 55.14%. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.




Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 































Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!











			© Copyright American Banking and Market News 2006-2017. All rights reserved. 

Privacy Policy and Disclosures |
			About | Advertising 
			| Contact







Content on this website is not meant to be a recommendation or an offer to buy or sell any security. Click here to read our full disclaimer.











































Jay Gurandiano |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Jay Gurandiano Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Jay Gurandiano
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Mr. Gurandiano has served as a director since December 1, 2008. He has been the Managing Director of Stone House Investment Holdings Inc., an investment... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2008


Xerium Technologies, Inc.

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 

