


Intuitive Surgical - Executive Staff









































PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT





COMPANY
CAREERS
PRODUCTS
TRAINING
SUPPORT

CLINICAL EVIDENCE
MEDIA





 


 



COMPANY

Company Profile
Leadership

Board of Directors
Executive Staff
International Leadership


Investors
Media
History
Governance
Legal
Indications for Use
FAQs
Locations
Clinical Evidence
Research & Educational Grants
Events


CAREERS
PRODUCTS
TRAINING
SUPPORT



 





Executive Staff
Leadership
Company
Home





Executive Staff

Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D.
President and Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Board of Directors 






Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D. joined Intuitive Surgical in April 1996. Dr. Guthart has been the Chief Executive Officer since January 2010. In July 2007, he was promoted to President. Prior to that, Dr. Guthart assumed the role of Chief Operating Officer in February 2006. Prior to joining Intuitive Surgical, Dr. Guthart was part of the core team developing foundation technology for computer enhanced-surgery at SRI International (formerly Stanford Research Institute). Dr. Guthart served as a member of the Board of Directors of Affymetrix, Inc. from May 2009 until its acquisition by Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. in March 2016. He received a B.S. in Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley and an M.S. and a Ph.D. in Engineering Science from the California Institute of Technology.








Dave J. Rosa 
Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer






Dave J. Rosa joined Intuitive Surgical in March 1996 and has held leadership positions in engineering, clinical development, marketing and product development. Mr. Rosa served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer since June 2015. In 2014, he was promoted to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer. In 2013, Mr. Rosa assumed the position of Senior Vice President, Scientific Affairs. He has been a passionate supporter and evangelist of da Vinci technology since its inception. Prior to joining Intuitive Surgical, Mr. Rosa contributed to the development of trans-esophageal transducers for Acuson Corporation. Mr. Rosa graduated magna cum laude with a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from California Polytechnic University at San Luis Obispo. He also holds a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Stanford University. 

 





Salvatore J. Brogna 
Executive Vice President, Product Operations






Salvatore J. Brogna joined Intuitive Surgical as Director, Mechanical Engineering, in October 1999. Mr. Brogna serves as the Executive Vice President, Product Operations since June 2015. In August 2010, Mr. Brogna was appointed as Senior Vice President, Product Development. Mr. Brogna was promoted to Vice President, Engineering in July 2005. Prior to joining Intuitive Surgical, Mr. Brogna led design and development of complex robotic systems at Adept Technology and at Unimation. Mr. Brogna is a graduate of Clarkson University where he earned a B.S. and an M.S. in Mechanical Engineering. 








Henry Charlton

  Senior Vice President, U.S. Sales






Henry Charlton joined Intuitive Surgical in November 2003 as Area Sales Manager, Mid-Atlantic U.S. He was promoted to Area Sales Director, Northeastern U.S. in January 2005; to Area Vice President, Sales, Northeast U.S. in January 2008; and to Vice President, Key Accounts in January 2010. In January 2015, Mr. Charlton was promoted to Senior Vice President of U.S. Sales. Prior to joining Intuitive Surgical, Mr. Charlton was the Vice President of Eastern U.S. Sales, and Director of EMEA for Tidal Software. Before joining Tidal Software, Mr. Charlton worked in sales and sales management for Securant Technologies (later acquired by RSA Securities in 2001), Legato Systems, and U.S. Surgical. Mr. Charlton received his B.A. in History and English from the University of Pittsburgh. 








Myriam J. Curet, M.D.
  Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer






Myriam J. Curet, M.D. joined Intuitive Surgical in December 2005 as Chief Medical Advisor. In February 2014, Dr. Curet was promoted to the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Curet also held a faculty position as Professor of Surgery at Stanford University. Since October 2010, she has served as a Consulting Professor of Surgery at Stanford University with a part-time clinical appointment at the Palo Alto Veteran's Administration Medical Center. Dr. Curet received her M.D. from Harvard Medical School and completed her general surgery residency program at the University of Chicago. She then worked for the Indian Health Service for four years before finishing her Surgical Endoscopy fellowship at the University of New Mexico. She was on the faculty at the University of New Mexico for six years prior to joining the Stanford University Department of Surgery in 2000.








Bob DeSantis
  Senior Vice President, Instruments and Accessories






Bob DeSantis joined Intuitive Surgical in January 2013 as Vice President, Research and Development, Instruments and Accessories Engineering. In November 2015, Mr. DeSantis was promoted to the position of Senior Vice President, Instruments and Accessories. In this position, Mr. DeSantis is responsible for managing the development of new technology from design to market as well as production engineering support for the instrument and accessory portfolio.  Prior to joining Intuitive Surgical, Mr. DeSantis spent almost twenty years in the medical device industry, holding positions at several companies, including US Surgical and most recently at Covidien, where he last served as the Vice President, Research and Development for the mechanical and energy instrument businesses. Mr. DeSantis holds a B.S. and M.S.in Mechanical Engineering from the State University of New York at Buffalo. Mr. DeSantis also holds a certificate in Innovation Management from MIT.








Mark Johnson
Senior Vice President, Regulatory and Quality






Mark Johnson joined Intuitive Surgical in February 2014.  Previously, Mr. Johnson served as Worldwide Vice  President of Quality and Regulatory for the Johnson and Johnson Diabetes Care  Franchise.  During his nearly 15 years  with Johnson & Johnson, he worked for a number of operating companies in  various quality and regulatory leadership roles.  Earlier in his career, Mr. Johnson also worked  in numerous operational and quality roles at General Electric and at  Haemonetics Corporation.  Mr. Johnson  graduated from Eastern Nazarene College with a B.S. in Business Administration  and an M.S. in Management Leadership.








Charles Jones
Senior Vice President, Design and User Experience






Charles Jones joined Intuitive Surgical in April 2016 as the Senior Vice President, Design and User Experience. In this role, Mr. Jones is responsible for leading the company’s efforts to blend leading-edge technology with enhanced human-centered design thinking and driving a consistent design experience for Intuitive products and services. Prior to joining Intuitive Surgical, Mr. Jones has held several key leadership roles at Whirlpool Corp., Xerox Corp. and Herman Miller, and most recently served as the Chief Design and Technology Officer for Newell Rubbermaid. Mr. Jones has received several international design awards, including the prestigious Smithsonian National Design Award, and holds several patents. Mr. Jones is an honors graduate from Purdue University with degrees in Industrial Design and Human Factors Engineering.








Mark J. Meltzer
Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer






Mark J. Meltzer joined Intuitive Surgical in December 2007. Prior to joining Intuitive Surgical, Mr. Meltzer served as General Counsel of FoxHollow Technologies Inc. ("FoxHollow") from October 2004 to December 2007. Prior to FoxHollow, Mr. Meltzer served as General Counsel for Epicor Medical Inc. and Ventritex Inc. Mr. Meltzer graduated cum laude from UC Berkeley with a B.S. in Electrical Engineering. He received his J.D. from UC Hastings where he served on the law review. Mr. Meltzer, a registered patent attorney, was appointed as a special master in federal court where he assisted in the evaluation and administration of complex patent cases. Mr. Meltzer has tried cases to juries and has argued before the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. His pro bono work has included the representation of indigents and non-profits before courts and administrative agencies and volunteer service in federal anti-poverty programs.








Brian Miller, Ph.D.
Senior Vice President, Systems & Vision






Brian Miller, Ph.D., joined Intuitive Surgical in April 2003. In June 2015, Dr. Miller was promoted to the position of Senior Vice President, Product Development. Prior to this role, Dr. Miller served as Vice President, System Engineering where he was instrumental in the development of innovative technology, obtaining several U.S. patents. Dr. Miller started in the field of robotic surgery in August 2000 at Computer Motion developing software for the AESOP and ZEUS surgical systems. After joining Intuitive Surgical, Dr. Miller contributed to the design of products in the areas of surgical system networking, surgical simulation, and surgical robotic systems. Dr. Miller holds a B.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Iowa State University and M.S. and doctoral degree in Mechanical Engineering from Northwestern University.








Marshall L. Mohr 
Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer






Marshall L. Mohr joined Intuitive Surgical in March 2006. Prior to that, Mr. Mohr was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Adaptec, Inc. ("Adaptec"). Prior to joining Adaptec in July 2003, Mr. Mohr was an Audit Partner with PricewaterhouseCoopers where he was most recently the Managing Partner of the firm’s west region technology industry group and led its Silicon Valley accounting and audit advisory practice. Mr. Mohr received his B.B.A. in Accounting and Finance from Western Michigan University. Mr. Mohr serves on the boards of directors of Plantronics, Inc. and Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc.








Colin Morales
Senior Vice President, Secondary Market Equipment & Service






Colin Morales joined Intuitive Surgical in March 1999 as  Director of Field Service. He was promoted to Vice President of the Customer  Support Group in July 2005. In 2010, Mr. Morales was promoted to the position of  Senior Vice President, Customer Support and is responsible for Field Service,  Products Support, Order Management and Customer Service Operations. Prior to  joining Intuitive, Mr. Morales was with Acuson for more than 13 years, where he  held various management positions in field and customer service. Mr. Morales received  his associate’s degree from The DeVry Institute of Technology in Phoenix,  Arizona.








Glenn Vavoso
Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations and Asia Pacific Direct






Glenn Vavoso joined Intuitive Surgical in March 2006 as a Clinical Sales Manager. In January 2015, Mr. Vavoso was promoted to Senior Vice President of Global Sales Operations and Strategy. Prior to this role, Mr. Vavoso assumed the position of Vice President of Sales Planning and Strategy where he led the formation of a consistent sales training process and assisted in setting the strategy and direction for the Sales team. He has held several leadership roles within the sales organization at Intuitive Surgical, including Area Vice President. Mr. Vavoso graduated magna cum laude with a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the University of Buffalo and earned a M.B.A. with honors from Duke University.








Paige A. Bischoff
Vice President, Global Public Affairs 







Paige Bischoff joined Intuitive Surgical in June 2014.  Prior to joining, Ms. Bischoff spent the last 10 years at AT&T in a variety of management positions encompassing public affairs and national media relations.  She started her career as an Emmy-nominated healthcare journalist, and subsequently ran the U.S. media and communications training practice for a global public relations firm as well as the consumer practice of a leading high-tech public relations firm in the Bay Area.  Ms. Bischoff specializes in messaging, crisis, policy communications, third-party advocacy, social media and corporate and brand reputation.  She has a B.A. in 20th Century European History from the University of California, Davis. 








Craig Child
Vice President, Human Resources






Craig Child joined Intuitive Surgical in May 2001 as a Recruiting Consultant. In March 2015, Craig Child was promoted to the position of Vice President, Human Resources. Prior to this role, Mr. Child has held several key positions since the inception of the human resources organization at Intuitive Surgical, playing an instrumental role in the development of key human resources functions. Prior to joining Intuitive Surgical, Mr. Child held positions in human resources at Adobe and Informix. Mr. Child holds a B.A. in Psychology from the University of Oregon and a M.B.A from Colorado State University.









Gillian Duncan, Ed.D.
Vice President, da Vinci® Professional Education & Program Services - Worldwide






Gillian Duncan, Ed.D., joined Intuitive Surgical in December 2006 as an Education Manager. After holding several positions of increasing responsibility in clinical, product and professional education, Dr. Duncan was promoted to the position of Vice President, da Vinci® Professional Education & Program Services - Worldwide in August 2015. In this role, Dr. Duncan is responsible for leading the company’s high-quality, worldwide Customer Training, Genesis, Lab Services and Clinical and Product Education programs. Prior to joining Intuitive Surgical, Dr. Duncan held both teaching and research positions at Columbia University and California State University, East Bay. Dr. Duncan holds a B.A. in Rhetoric from the University of California, Berkeley, and master’s and doctorate degrees in Applied Physiology from Columbia University.








Catherine Mohr
Vice President, Strategy






Catherine Mohr, M.D., M.S.M.E., is the Vice President of Strategy at Intuitive Surgical.  Since joining the company in 2006, Dr. Mohr has concentrated on medical research and has been involved in evaluating new technologies and exploring new surgical applications.  Prior to Intuitive Surgical, Dr. Mohr was involved with numerous startup companies in the areas of alternative energy transportation, computer-aided design software, and medical devices. She currently serves on the faculty of Singularity University, an institution teaching and studying the impact of exponentially changing technologies, and regularly lectures at Stanford University School of Medicine. Dr. Mohr received her B.S. and M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and her M.D. from Stanford University School of Medicine.










David Stoffel, M.D.
Vice President, Marketing and New Business Development






David Stoffel, M.D., joined Intuitive Surgical in December 2008 as Senior Director of Business Development and was promoted to Vice President in 2013. In 2014, Dr. Stoffel was appointed Vice President of Marketing and Business Development. Dr. Stoffel came to Intuitive Surgical from Radius Ventures, a health care venture capital firm. Prior to Radius, Dr. Stoffel held positions at Credit Suisse. Dr. Stoffel received his M.D. and M.B.A. from the University of Chicago, and holds a B.A. in Economics from Stanford University. 










 

©



 Intuitive Surgical, Inc. All rights reserved.




Surgeon Locator
Terms of Use
Contact
Site Map







Intuitive Surgical's (ISRG) CEO Gary Guthart on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Intuitive Surgical's (ISRG) CEO Gary Guthart on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.20.17 | About: Intuitive Surgical, (ISRG) Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG)
Q2 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call
July 20, 2017, 04:30 PM ET
Executives
Calvin Darling - Senior Director of Finance, Investor Relations
Gary Guthart - President and Chief Executive Officer
Marshall Mohr - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Patrick Clingan - Vice President of Finance and Sales Operations
Analysts
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley
Tao Levy - Wedbush
Amit Hazan - Citi
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets
Travis Steed - Cantor Fitzgerald
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Intuitive Surgical Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I’ll now turn the conference over to Senior Director of Finance, Investor Relations, Calvin Darling. Please go ahead, sir.
Calvin Darling
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical’s second quarter earnings conference call. With me today we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Patrick Clingan, Vice President of Finance and Sales Operations.
Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today’s call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 6, 2017 and 10-Q filed on April 19, 2017. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC’s EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today’s press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website.
Today’s format will consist of providing you with highlights of our second quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter’s business and operational highlights; Marshall will provide a review of our second quarter financial results; Patrick will discuss procedure and clinical highlights; then I will provide our updated financial outlook for 2017; and finally, we will host a question-and-answer session.
With that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Guthart
Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on the call today. As you know, Intuitive is focused on significantly improving surgery and enabling access to our products and services in pursuit of this mission globally.
The momentum built over the past several quarters continued into the second quarter of 2017 with solid performance in procedures and strong growth in system placements.
Growth in procedures for the quarter was 16% over the second quarter of 2016. Overall trends in the first quarter remained stable into the second. Starting with United States, both the emerging category of general surgery and more mature categories in urology and gynecology performed well.
Hernia repair continues to stand out in the general surgery category with additional contributions coming from colon procedures. As we mentioned last quarter, European performance in Q1 of 2017 benefited from calendar tailwinds that we expected to balance out in the second quarter.

Indeed, this occurred with core growth staying roughly steady through the first half of 2017 and European second quarter growth moderating. Procedure performance in Asia was solid, with growth in China being a highlight from a constrained installed base. Patrick will take you through these factors in more detail later in the call.
Our capital placement performance in Q2 of 2017 strengthened with the growth in total placements from 130 in Q2 of 2016 to 166 this quarter. As we mentioned on these calls, capital placements can be lumpy as evidenced by our performance in the first half of the year.
In the United States, placements rebounded from a softer Q1 to a strong Q2, anchored in repeat purchases by existing customers and multi system placements.
System placements in Europe grew moderately, aided in part by the launch of da Vinci X. In Asia, the placements grew slightly over the prior year period and over last quarter, constrained for the time being by the lack of a new system quota in China and limited reimbursements in Japan. Marshall and Patrick will take you through system placement dynamics in greater detail.
Turning to profitability for the quarter, strong system placements led to gross margins that are lower than last quarter. These margins are at the top of our expected range because of the strength in procedures and improvements in our operating efficiencies.
Our fixed cost growth met our expectations with increases in R&D expenses, growth in staff in European and Asian markets, investment in clinical trials and growth in our corporate computational capabilities.
Our second quarter pro forma operating results were as follows, procedures grew approximately 16% over the second quarter of last year. We shipped 166 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up from 130 in the second quarter of 2016. Revenue for the quarter was $756 million, up 13% from the prior year, instrument and accessory revenue increased to $398 million, up 17%.
Total recurring revenue in the quarter was $540 million, representing 71% of total revenue. Pro forma gross profit margin was 71.3%, compared to 71.9% in the second quarter last year, we generated a pro forma operating profit of $313 million in the quarter, up 5% from the second quarter of last year, and pro forma net income was $228 million, up 4% from Q2 of 2016. Marshall will take you through our finances in greater detail shortly.
Turning to our product pipeline. As you know, in the back half of 2016 and the first half of 2017, we increased our mid term and long-term investments in creating our next generation of products and services. We anchored on our belief that substantial opportunity exists to enable a more minimally invasive surgery, better outcomes and to expand access to our technologies globally.
Starting with our multi-port portfolio. We developed a system pathway that responds to our customer’s desire for choice in clinical capability and choice in total economics. In the quarter, we've received our CE Mark and 510(k) clearance for da Vinci X, a system that brings core Xi technology into a highly capable, lower entry price surgical system.
We're pleased with the early reception of X by our customers and the choice it brings to those around the world who seek to build robotic surgery programs with logical upgrade pathways and affordable access to our leading robot assisted surgery ecosystem.
Our SP program continues progress in its human clinical trial work and pilot production capability. We now have four clinical trial sites active, three in the United States and one in Asia. Cases in Asia have included transoral, urologic and colorectal surgery, while those in the US are focused on transoral robotic-assisted surgery.
As we mentioned in our last - in our call last quarter, we anticipate filing our 510(k) for SP in urology in the back half of 2017. Surgeon feedback from our trial sites is very encouraging. Our teams continue to work on product validations and manufacturing capability to support submission and launch.

Lastly, our flexible robotics program is meeting our expectations and making good progress in its product design phases and definition of regulatory pathways.
In closing, the second quarter of 2017 has carried forward momentum built in prior quarters and we remain focused on the following for the balance of the year. First, continued adoption of da Vinci in general surgery.
Second, continued development of European markets and access to customers in Asia; third, advancing our new platforms, imaging, advanced instruments, da Vinci SP and flexible robotics progress. And finally, support for additional clinical and economic validation by region.
I'll now turn the call over to Marshall, who will review financial highlights.
Marshall Mohr
Thank you, Gary. I will describe our results on a non-GAAP or pro forma basis, which excludes specified legal settlements and claim accruals, excess tax benefits associated with employee stock awards and charges associated with stock based compensation and purchase IP.
We provide pro forma information because we believe the business trends and operating results are easier to understand on a pro forma basis. I would also summarize our GAAP results later in my script.
We have posted reconciliations of our pro forma results to our GAAP results on our website so that there is no confusion. Second quarter 2017 revenue was $756 million, an increase of 13% compared with $670 million for the second quarter of 2016 and an increase of 12% compared with the first quarter revenue of $674 million.
We launched the da Vinci X system during the second quarter in the US and European countries covered by CE Mark. In conjunction with the launch, we offered certain customers who purchased systems in the first quarter, the opportunity to upgrade or trade out their systems for the X system.
As a result, we deferred 2$3 million of first quarter revenue, which we recognize when customers either trade out their systems or when the offers expire, whichever comes first.
None of the deferred revenue was recognized in the second quarter. We expect substantially all of the deferred revenue to be recognized by year end.
Second quarter 2017 procedures increased approximately 16% compared with the second quarter of 2016. It increased 5% compared with last quarter. Procedure growth relative to last year and the first quarter has been driven by general surgery in the US and urology worldwide. Patrick will provide more detail concerning procedure adoptions.
Revenue highlights are as follows, instrument and accessory revenue of $398 million increased 17% compared with last year and increased 4% compared with the first quarter of 2017, which closely reflects procedure growth. Instrument and accessory revenue realized per procedure was approximately $1,830 per procedure compared with $1,810 last year and $1,840 last quarter.
The increase relative to the second quarter of 2016 primarily reflects increased sales of our stapling and vessel sealing products, partially offset by customer buying patterns. The decrease compared with the previous quarter primarily reflects customer buying patterns.
System revenue of $216 million increased 7% compared with the second quarter of 2016 and increased 41% compared with last quarter. The year-over-year increase reflects higher system placements and operating lease revenue, partially offset by lower average selling prices and lower lease buyout revenue.
System revenue for the first quarter of 2017 excluded the $23 million of deferred revenue. Had the first quarter included net revenue, quarter-over-quarter increase would have been 23%, reflecting a higher number of system placements, partially offset by lower lease buyout revenue.
166 systems were placed in the second quarter of 2017, compared with 130 systems in the second quarter of 2016 and 133 systems last quarter. 27 systems were placed under operating lease transactions in the current quarter, compared with 15 systems in the second quarter of 2016 and 21 last quarter. As a reminder, revenue on operating lease transactions is recognized ratably over the life of the lease.

Of the 166 second quarter systems, 11 were X systems. As of the end of the second quarter of 2017, there were 120 systems out in the field under operating leases. We generated approximately $6 million of revenue associated with operating leases in the quarter, compared with 4 million in the second quarter of 2016 and approximately $5 million last quarter.
We generated approximately $5 million of revenue during the quarter from lease buyouts compared with $13 million in the second quarter of 2016 and $10 million last quarter.
Globally, our average selling price, which excludes the impact of operating leases and lease buyouts and revenue deferrals, was $1.46 million compared with $1.56 million last year and $1.46 million last quarter.
The decrease in ASP compared to the second quarter of 2016 primarily reflects lower priced system sold to cost sensitive market segments and lower pricing offered to customers purchasing multiple systems.
We believe the flexible financing programs, like operating leases have positively impacted our ability to grow our installed base. We expect a proportion of these types of arrangements would increase over time.
Service revenue of $142 million increased 11% year-over-year. It increased approximately 1% compared with the first quarter of 2017. The year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter increases reflect growth in our installed base with da Vinci systems.
Outside of the US, results were as follows. Second quarter revenue outside of the US up $205 million increased 11% compared with $185 million for the second quarter of 2016. It increased 12% compared with $183 million for the first quarter.
The increase relative to the prior year primarily reflects increased system placements net of leases and increased instruments and accessories, reflecting procedure growth, partially offset by lower system ASPs. Patrick will provide procedure growth information.
The year-over-year decline in system ASPs reflects increased sales of lower cost systems to cost-sensitive markets. The increase in revenue relative to the last quarter reflects increased system placements and increased instrument and accessory growth.
Outside of the US, we placed 63 systems in the second quarter, compared with 51 in the second quarter of 2016 and 56 last quarter. 5 of the system placements in the current quarter were operating leases compared with two last quarter - last year and 6 last quarter.
Current quarter system placements, including 29 into Europe, 14 into Japan, 5 into India, 5 into Australia and 3 into China. System placements outside of the US will continue to be lumpy as some of the O-US markets are in early stages of adoption, some markets are highly seasonal, reflecting budget cycles or vacation patterns and sales into some markets are constrained by government regulations.
Moving on to the remainder of the P&L. The pro forma gross margin for the second quarter of 2017 was 71% compared with 72% for the second quarter of 2016 and 72% for the first quarter of 2017.
The decrease compared with the second quarter of 2016 primarily reflects decreased service margin associated with higher scope repair costs. The decrease compared with the first quarter reflects a higher proportion of system revenue relative to total revenue.
Since we deferred costs associated with the $23 million revenue deferral, the trade out program had little impact on our margin. Future margins will fluctuate based on the mix of our newer products, the mix of systems and instrument and accessory revenue, our ability to further reduce product costs and improve manufacturing efficiency and in the long term, the potential reinstatement of the medical device tax.
Pro forma operating expenses increased 23% compared with the second quarter of 2016. It increased 2% compared with last quarter. The increases are consistent with our planned investments in product development, specifically da Vinci Sp, flexible robotics, imaging and advanced instrumentation and the expansion of our O-US markets. The year-over-year growth rates will subside over the remainder of the year with total year growth still expected to be around 18%.

Our pro forma effective tax rate for the second quarter was 29.2%, compared with an effective tax rate of 27.8% for the second quarter of 2016 and 28.1% last quarter. The increase in our tax rate reflects an increased proportion of US income relative to total income. Our tax rate will fluctuate with changes in the mix of US and O-US income and with the impact of one-time item.
Our second quarter 2017 pro forma net income was $228 million or $5.95 per share, compared with $220 million or $5.62 per share for the second quarter of 2016 and $196 million or $5.09 per share for the first quarter of 2017.
The $23 million revenue deferral, including the associated deferral of cost of sales and the income tax effects, reduced GAAP and pro forma net income per share in the first quarter of 2017 by approximately $0.28 per share.
Earnings per share benefited from the full impact of our $2 billion stock buyback as we retired approximately 2.4 million shares on January 27, 2017. At this point, given the increase in the share price since the start of the ASR, the ultimate number of shares delivered under the ASR may not change materially from the initial delivery. As I indicated earlier, pro forma income provides an easier comparison of our financial results and business trends.
I will now summarize our GAAP results. GAAP net income was $222 million or $5.77 per share for the second quarter of 2017, compared with $185 million or $4.71 per share for the second quarter of 2016 and $180 million or $4.67 per share for the first quarter of 2017.
GAAP net income for the second quarter included a net benefit of $5 million associated with litigation settlements, net of charges, compared with $4 million of charges in the second quarter of 2016 and $21 million of charges last quarter.
GAAP net income for the second quarter of 2017 also included a charge of approximately $6 million associated with purchased IP. Beginning in 2017, we are required under GAAP to report the excess tax benefits or deficiencies associated with employee stock awards in our tax provision, rather than as an adjustment to be paid in capital as in prior periods.
The excess tax benefit included in our GAAP results for the second quarter was $31 million, contributing $0.80 per share compared with $33 million, contributing $0.85 per share in the first quarter of 2017. We have excluded these benefits from our pro forma results.
This amount will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based on the volume of employee stock option exercises and the number of RSUs vesting and the value of our stock.
We ended the quarter with cash and investments of $3.4 billion, up from $3.1 billion as of March 31st, 2017. The increase reflects cash generated from operations and proceeds from stock option exercises.
And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Patrick, who'll go over our procedure and clinical highlights.
Patrick Clingan
Thanks, Marshall. Of our second quarter procedure growth of 16%, US procedures grew approximately 14%, and outside of the United States, procedures grew approximately 22%.
Procedure trends were consistent with the first quarter with growth led by US general surgery and global urology. In the United States, both mature and growth procedures, such as general and thoracic surgery, outperformed our plan. The majority of the out performance was driven by continued growth in our mature procedures.
In US urology, the second quarter growth rate for da Vinci Prostatectomy was modestly higher than the first quarter. We believe that our US prostatectomy volumes have been tracking to the broader prostate surgery market.
In US gynecology, second quarter procedure growth sustained trends observed during the first quarter. Procedure growth in US GYN appears to be driven by consolidation of surgeries towards physicians that specialize in complex and cancer surgery who tend to be users of the da Vinci system.

First quarter US general and thoracic surgery procedure adoption remains strong, led by solid growth in hernia repair and continued adoption of colorectal procedures. Hernia repair continues to contribute the largest volume of new procedures in the United States, and existing surgeon retention and utilization remains strong sound.
Growth trends in lobectomy and other thoracic procedures continued to show strength off of a small base. Second quarter was another quarter with a large number of clinical publications evaluating da Vinci surgery.
One that we like to highlight is from Dr. Rashidi from the University of Texas and colleagues from Providence Health and Services who published a study of more than 3500 colorectal patients treated by 58 high volume surgeons within the Providence Health and Services network in the American Journal of Surgery.
The authors found that in exchange for a longer operating time, patients treated on the da Vinci system experienced a threefold reduction in conversion rate and nearly a day shorter length of hospital stay compared to laparoscopy. In addition, the authors found that there was no difference in total direct cost between the two cohorts.
Turning abroad, procedure growth outside of the United States was approximately 22% in the second quarter, led by the global adoption of da Vinci Prostatectomy, with solid contributions from kidney procedures, general surgery and gynecology.
As we discussed last quarter, the timing of the Easter holidays from Q1 into Q2, which provided a tailwind to our first quarter results, served as a headwind in the quarter, likely reducing our outside of the United States procedure growth by an estimated 3%. Taken together, first half procedure growth of 25% provides a better representation of procedure performance outside of the United States and either quarters result.
Procedure growth was led by China, Germany and Japan. Procedure growth in China was driven by strong expansion and system utilization, as system placements remained the same, pending issuance of new quota for civilian hospitals. Procedure growth in China is broad based with a number of specialties contributing to the strong performance.
In Germany, procedure growth is supported by installed base expansion that is driving strong adoption in urology with contributions from general surgery. In Japan, dVP and DVPN continued to grow, though year-to-year comparisons have begun to slow as dVP adoption has crossed 80%.
During the quarter, the first clinical experience on da Vinci X occurred in Germany. Initial procedures included urology and gynecology with strong utilization. Commenting on the experience, Dr. Vitt, from San Antonio's Hospital Genoa [ph] stated, da Vinci X is 'ideal' add on to our existing da Vinci Xi same feeling on the console.'
Globally, evidence continues to build in support of the clinical and economic validation of da Vinci surgery. During the quarter, an economic analysis studying the impact of da Vinci partial nephrectomy in England was published in European urology.
The work was completed by HCD Economics, an affiliate of the University of Chester. Comparing more than 4200 partial nephrectomy patients between open and da Vinci surgery, the authors found that da Vinci surgery lowered the total cost to treat during the first year after the procedure by an average of £900, primarily by reducing postoperative and patient utilization from length of stay, cancer and other readmissions and 90 day complications.
This concludes my remarks. I'll now turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin Darling
Thank you, Patrick. I will be providing you with our updated financial outlook for 2017. Starting with procedures. On our last call, we estimated full year 2017 procedure growth of 12% to 14% above the approximately 752,000 procedures performed in 2016.

Now, based largely upon continued strong results in US growth and mature procedure categories in China, we are increasing our estimate for 2017. We now anticipate full year 2017 procedure growth within a range of 14% to 15%.
During the second half of the year, we expect our procedure growth rate to moderate, in part, due to one fewer operating day during the third quarter. As we move into the second half of the year, we also expect contributions from China and Japan to temper until we obtain a new quota and place additional systems in China and obtain additional procedural reimbursements in Japan.
With regards to system placements, a record high of 27 of the 166 second quarter system placements were structured as operating leases. In the second half of 2017, we expect the proportion of systems placed under operating leases will continue to increase.
The average selling price per system sold outright will vary quarter-to-quarter based upon factors, including product, regional and trading mix. With increasing placements into cost-sensitive markets, we expect that our average system selling price will continue to trend gradually lower in the back half of 2017.
As Marshall mentioned, no amounts were either deferred or released in Q2 related to our da Vinci X trade-in program. Going forward, we expect to defer no further revenue related to this program and expect to release and recognize substantially all of the $23 million accrued during the first quarter by the end of this year.
Turning to gross profit. On our last call, we forecast 2017 pro forma gross profit margin to be within a range of between 70% and 71% of net revenue. We are now modestly raising the top end of the range and expect pro forma gross profit margin to be between 70% and 71.5% of net revenue.
Turning to operating expenses. As we have described previously, we have accelerated our investments in several strategic areas that will benefit the company over the long-term. Accordingly, we have ramped our operating expenses as we focus on execution.
On our last call, we forecast pro forma 2017 operating expenses to grow at the higher end of a range between 15% and 18% above 2016 levels. We continue to expect results at the high end of the range between 17% and 18% for the year.
On our last call, we forecast our non-cash stock compensation expense to range between $190 million and $200 million in 2017. Now based upon updated Black Scholes evaluation estimates, we expect our non-cash stock compensation expense to range between $200 million and $210 million. We expect 2017 other income to be between $35 million and $40 million, compared to the $30 million to $35 million range forecast on our last call.
With regard to income tax, we now expect our 2017 pro forma income tax rate to be between 28% and 29.5% of pre-tax income, higher than our previous guidance of 26.5% to 28.5% based upon a higher anticipated mix of US pre-tax profits.
During Q2, we had 38.4 million diluted shares outstanding for EPS calculations, roughly equal to the first quarter as the share reduction related to the full quarter impact of the Q1 accelerated share buyback was mostly offset by the dilutive effects of our higher stock price.
As a result of our higher stock price, we don't expect the ultimate number of shares received and retired when the ASR closes later this year to vary significantly versus the 2.4 million shares already retired in January.
That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Go ahead please.
Tycho Peterson
Hey, thanks. First on X, I know its early days, obviously, but any color you can provide on the funnel in terms of diversity of existing customers and maybe the types of customers that are emerging?

Gary Guthart
I don't think we'd call out anything surprising here. We had indicated to you in prior quarters that we think cost sensitive customers, particularly in Europe are going to be interested and that remains so. It may have broader rebate than that over time.
Tycho Peterson
Okay. And then urology continue to do well here. That hasn't reverted to lower growth rates, you know, I think you’d previously expected, can you talk about that sequential pick up? Can you maybe just talk to the sustainability of those trends in the US urology dVP market?
Marshall Mohr
Hey, Tycho, I think we continue to believe that our prostatectomy volumes are following broader prostate surgery trends. As you know, prostate surgery really only represents about third of all men diagnosed in the US with prostate cancer.
So time to time you’ll see movements between watchful waiting, radiation and surgery. We think – mostly you've seen the procedures recover from the prior USPSTF decision in 2012, where we worked through patients who had the disease progress. We think at this stage you're just seeing general small movements between populations period-to-period.
Tycho Peterson
Okay. I’ll leave at that. Thanks.
Gary Guthart
Thanks, Tycho.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Go ahead please.
Bob Hopkins
Hi. Thanks, good afternoon. Can you hear me okay?
Gary Guthart
Hi, Bob. Yes.
Bob Hopkins
Great. Good afternoon. So, the first thing I wanted to touch on, just kind of looking through the results, which were obviously strong and pretty much across the board. But the US capital number really stuck out as a strong number. And you mentioned more kind of multi-system sales and repeat customers. Is this really a function of the increase in procedure volume growth and higher utilization or was there something else going on this quarter?
Gary Guthart
I think it's the former. We're seeing – first of all, I think the consolidation of US customers into IDNs means that the negotiations are often happening when they are up. And I think they're looking across their portfolio of MIS opportunities and making decisions in broader settings. I think it's a continuation of a trend we've been seeing over the past several quarters.
Bob Hopkins
Great. And the other thing I just want to follow up is a couple of quick checks on the pipeline timelines. You mentioned China and Japan as constraining you in the back half. Is there any update at all on the China quota from a timing perspective or even your sense as to whether or not it could happen this year?
And also wanted to just get a quick update for timelines for SP beyond urology and the filings we could expect, either later this year or into 2018? Thank you.
Gary Guthart
Sure. I’ll – Marshall, I'll let you take the China quota, and I'll take the SP. 
Marshall Mohr
Okay. China quota, there is no new news here. It is as we’ve stated before, the quota system involves, first the government – is tied up in the overall government – the government's overall planning process. They did approve their budget in December. We – after that, it then rolls through a series of decisions about province spending, as well as hospital spending and then eventually we'll hear something about a quota.
We don't know when that will be and what we would caution is that you put anything in the models for this year, frankly, because last time, when the quota was approved, it took some time before the tender offers that the hospitals have to go through to get them done.
Gary Guthart
On the SP regulatory question, we are targeting 510(k) for urology in the back half of the year. There's a data collection going on at the IDE sites for transoral robotic surgery and some lab based clinical development for other procedures, as well as the trial site in Asia. We haven't yet publicly projected our timelines for submissions after the urology 510(k).

There will be a set that come. It will be months, not years after the 510(k) submission. What that looks like will depend on the speed of closure of the clinical trial data and some of the conversations with FDA about what kind of submissions they'd like and we're not ready yet to anchor down those dates.
Bob Hopkins
Great. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. We'll go next to David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, please.
David Lewis
Good afternoon. Just maybe a few quick questions here. Gary, just for you. Just the SP timing, I know it came up in the pipeline. But on FC and I know it's pretty early. Can you give us any sense of the major markets, US, China, Europe, which one?
Our sense is US and China are kind of ahead of Europe, but that's not based on a whole bunch. Which region you think proceeds the other and is 2019 a reasonable estimate for a launch in some geographic locale?
Gary Guthart
So, first to the question of which regions matter, we think it will have a global appeal, but I think you're right that United States and China and then Europe will be interesting. In terms of timing, a lot of it will be predicated on regulatory pathways and what kind of data requirements there are.
We think there are real opportunities in China. We're going to make sure that we do that right with our joint venture partner. We likewise, think there is in the US and not ready yet to call when the launch dates are for both sets, because of negotiations with clinical trial results.
Europe likewise, I think there's a little bit of uncertainty right now as to what kind of submission package will be required and that's one of the things we're in the midst of working out both internally and we have conversations with regulatory authorities over time.
We will do a controlled launch when we're ready. So we've told you don't model any revenue into ‘18. We have not yet published and are not ready to publish when the final launch will be. We'll let you know as we get closer to some of the certainty on regulatory timelines.
David Lewis
Okay. Very helpful. And Marshall, just two quick kind of margin related questions for you. The first is, on gross margin. Given a greater systems mix, I guess, I was surprised to see gross margins as strong as they were.
And I wonder, who would've thought that X, which wasn't very material in the quarter, would have also pressured margins. So what's driving the margin strength? And as it relates to X, is that just because a lot of the components of X frankly are ready at scale in other places of the business?
And the second question related is, looking at hiring, we typically don’t ask about hiring, but I think your hiring level this quarter is 25% above the next highest level. That's pretty remarkable. I wonder if you would just share with us where you're hiring and where those people are being deployed? Thank you.
Gary Guthart
Sure. On the X margins, X margins, we had communicated before, typically, when we introduce a new product you see a little bit of a decrease in the margin and then we work to improve it over time.
You should – we did not expect as much of a decrease in margins due to X. X, as we said really is a result of putting together the parts that are already manufactured for other system. And so, we have worked out most of the cost effectiveness with that.
As far as total margins, yeah, the total margin came down a little bit due to the mix of systems. I think it exceeded our expectations just because of the overall strength of procedures and the drive of - and it's driving instrument and accessory revenue above our original expectations.
Marshall Mohr
As far as headcount goes, David, we ended the quarter with 4,108 employees. That was up a little over 100 from the last quarter end, and it was 19% year-over-year and it really does vary up with the strategic investments that we're making in the business on that side. The majority of the investments were in our product operations group in the quarter.

David Lewis
Thank you very much.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from Tao Levy with Wedbush. Go ahead please.
Tao Levy
Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. May I could, I wanted to ask on the SP platform. So the pathway for I believe, filing later on, you know, towards the end of this year, and then assuming approval sometime next year.
How is the launch going to proceed? Is this a – well, is an experienced da Vinci surgeon going to be able to sit in front of the SP, you know, in front of a console and use the SP right off the bat or are they going to have to go through proctoring of different types of cases? Just any color there would be great.
Gary Guthart
Yeah. Just in broad brushes, it's a family member in the da Vinci family and a lot of – we believe a lot of the learning and skills will be portable from one of the family members to the other part. They're not identical. So, there'll be some learning that goes through that transition.
We think experienced da Vinci surgeons will find that transition to be pretty manageable. What that looks like and how it's finally framed will evolve as we finish our clinical trials and our validations. But I'd expect a lot of that to be portable.
I think in terms of rollouts, we'll be at a controlled rollout when we come out. And part of that controlled rollout will be for data generation at the first sites, and also we'll have some constraints due to what our labelling will be at the first launch given the regulatory sequence and pathway.
Feedback from the clinical trial sites has been really good about usability of the system and meeting the expectations they had for what they believe they could do with that clinically. So far, so good there, and we also get pretty good insight into the characteristics of the system vis-à -vis what they're used to on Si and Xi and kind of the response to your initial question.
Tao Levy
Got you. Perfect. And then just lastly, anything special going on in Japan? They've got way more systems than they have – than they need it at this point and they keep on buying more. I don't know if there's – is there a government incentive or any credit there that they are using? Thanks.
Marshall Mohr
Hey, Tycho – sorry, Tao.
Tao Levy
That’s close. Don’t worry.
Marshall Mohr
Japan has a very diffused healthcare system and hospital network systems, so they're not very concentrated in terms of where the patients are. So – and while we are at a high level of penetration in dVP, we still have a lot of pockets of patients who are treated in fairly remote areas in local hospitals. So they continue to buy systems, even be able to access some of the mainly urology patients that are out there.
Gary Guthart
We’ve also been in Japan for some number of years here and I think there's a little bit of building capacity in hopes of broader reimbursements over time.
Tao Levy
Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator
Thank you. And we'll go next to Amit Hazan with Citi. Go ahead, please.
Amit Hazan
Thanks. Hey, good afternoon, guys. Just one on the quarter and then a couple longer term ones. So on the quarter, obviously going – just going back to the US system number, a really strong number. I wanted to ask about trade-ins though. They were weak again in the US, it's a second quarter in a row.
I'm just trying to kind of better understand why, on one hand you’ve got this obvious growing pool of systems that need to be replaced, so you shouldn’t be really replacing more systems every year.
On the other hand, there seems to be a relationship between quarters where you had really strong de novo units like this, this year so far, both quarters. And then trade-ins, kind of tend to be inversely recur [ph] in those quarters. What's kind of the correct way to be thinking about modeling trade-ins in the US?

Gary Guthart
Let me speak to our intent a little bit, and I'll ask Calvin to jump in on the modeling side. For us, our thought process really has been to enable accounts with technologies and support that help them get to their clinical goals and in support their MIS and MIS program goals.
And if they can do that effectively with Si, we're happy to support them in that regard. If they want to add capacity or grow the system capability in some way that is benefited by our advanced technologies that helps us and drives a new system placement or new system sales.
So our incentives aren't strongly built on trade-outs. Much more interested in aligning with how they want to build their programs and giving them access to technologies that make a difference in their procedures. That leaves the lumpiness and trade-outs and that's okay with us. Calvin, to the modeling, I just give a little time to think about it, go ahead. 
Calvin Darling
What I say, I mean, is that you have such strong procedure growth and such demand for access to systems among the surgeon population that in a lot of cases when hospitals are seeking to acquire new systems, they look at the procedures and the surgeons that they want to be able to do within their robotics program. And Si can still serve a broad range of patients and can help them facilitate that. So they tend to be buying more incremental systems than trading in.
Amit Hazan
Okay.
Gary Guthart
As X matures in the market, X maybe an opportunity for some folks who are happy with their capacity, but want to upgrade up to additional capabilities and that may provide an opportunity for us in future quarters.
Calvin Darling
And just quickly from the modeling perspective that you asked. Beware of using our past experience with our Xi and previous system launches as the model for what's going to happen now, because it's a different world where you have, again, consolidated hospital networks that can align certain procedure characteristics with sets of procedures with a lot more ability to do so now than in the past. So it could very well follow a different pattern this go around than it has in the past. 
Amit Hazan
Okay. So that could maybe possibly lead me into the next question, which is on reimbursement. It looks like prostate is getting a new Medicare outpatient reimbursement codes for the first time I believe, and I realize most of the dVP procedures can't really be done in one day just yet.
But it just got me thinking about the question of what the trigger might be for hospitals to start equipping their outpatient settings with da Vinci? I have to imagine that between hysterectomies moving that way and things like hernia now, there's already enough volume to justify it nowadays.
So is something like prostate reimbursement any kind of an incur that can maybe drive boxes into outpatient setting and if not, then what could be the trigger to do that?
Calvin Darling
Two important thoughts here. One is in order to be able to do a surgery like a dVP in an outpatient setting, first off, that has to be done in a minimally invasive fashion, so that you can have the patient be able to recover quick enough to get out of that setting.
The second thing is you – outpatient is really a billing setting, not necessarily a side of care differentiator. What we see over time is that as programs mature in the robotics capacity, they have array of systems that can both serve really complex inpatient surgeries, like thoracic or colorectal. And they have sufficient volume of outpatient procedures like the ones you mentioned in hernia and gynecology and you could potentially dVP where you have a technique and a surgeon capable of getting a result that can get the patient out in the same day.
You'll see them actually put systems in a multiple different types of settings. Typically, still under the hospitals umbrella because they're the ones who have the capability of treating the range of patients who come in with different complexities, they might be either inpatient or outpatient. But it's usually by product maturity of the program as opposed to a specific reimbursement event.

Amit Hazan
Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Calvin Darling
Thanks, Amit.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Isaac Ro
Thanks very much. Good afternoon. Question for you on the X, just trying to think through the gross margin implications of that product cycle as it plays out. Realize it's a little early, but just trying to think through some of the comments you made earlier around how purchasing is evolving for hospitals and so forth.
Is that product cycle plays out, could you give us some sense of what it means for your gross margin profile based on what you know now, that would be helpful?
Gary Guthart
Initially, the gross margin profile is not substantially different than our other products. So it kind of fits in nicely. I think what you are asking is, over time, could we see that there is pressure on the ultimate price that we charge for X?
I think we'll see. We don't know. It's only been out in the market for a quarter and - but what we've said in the past is that we're about the market expansion and if there's the opportunities to expand the market at the expense of a little bit of price, we do that.
Isaac Ro
That's helpful. And then just as a follow up on the expense side. As you move towards expanding the market, interested in sort of allocation of resources and the sales force, can you talk a little bit about just qualitatively how you're moving some of your top performers to help drive X conversion, and then at the same time maybe thinking about adding new heads, just interested in the interplay on investment in sales force? Thank you.
Gary Guthart
Yeah. How we think about sales force investments really varies by region and maturity of the market. So how we're building the sales team in Germany for example, will look kind of qualitatively different than what's happening in the United States.
In general, the United States, we've had a stable structure growth in our key accounts teams, no surprise, and a little bit better stratification of levels in the force itself that gives us the opportunity to provoke and engage high level salespeople, at the same time bring in people who can support high-volume accounts that are premature.
So the US is a well stratified sales force and Germany, in places like Japan, we're really at the basic building stages. And so the investments there are a little more filling empty slots and making sort of territory coverage’s is right.
Isaac Ro
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. We now have a question from Richard Newitter with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Richard Newitter
Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. It seems like for the third quarter in a row, China, on the procedure growth side, is exceeding your expectations. And seemingly, you're at capacity or you thought you’re at capacity in the fourth quarter. And yet, this is still kind of – your capacity utilization seems to be creeping higher, anything to explain that?
Are there certain types of procedures that are maybe just quicker? And that as a percent of the mix in China is different than the U.S.? Or can you explain what might be driving this?
Gary Guthart
I think, at the top line, what's going on here is, high belief in value of the procedures and the technology and a willingness to expand the number of hours that people are able to get procedures.
I think the biggest effect is that which is a willingness to work on weekends and for them to expand to after-hours use of devices. That will dwarf the underlying which procedures in the mix. But Marshall, you can clean up that answer, if you like. 
Marshall Mohr
It's absolutely right. I mean, this is all about – it's a theoretical capacity that you're quoting. And that capacity – that theoretical capacity is based on just averages that we see around the world. Be careful of averages, and in China, they are operating on Saturdays, Sundays and late at night in order to get things done. So I think Gary's answer is right.

Gary Guthart
I think there's also an opportunity for us to learn from their experiences, which is under capital constraint, what kinds of barriers can they remove to get both good outcomes and high volumes. And I think that's exciting for us. And we have an open mind toward how we're approaching it.
Richard Newitter
Great. And then maybe just one follow-up on Japan. That's the other area where you're kind of seeing capacity constraint. And so you get additional – on the procedure side, at least, until you get additional approvals. Can you maybe just remind us the key procedures that you're hoping are up for consideration next year?
And maybe – which ones represent the biggest market opportunities, and do you feel there's any that might be further along with the approval agencies over there?
Gary Guthart
In terms of maturity, there are some that have been going through clinical trials and have a lot of data behind them and others that are using kind of existing data sources. So the one that has the most structured data so far is gastrectomy, and that is going to be exciting for us over time.
It's a real market in Japan. The prevalence is quite high, and so we have good hopes and optimism that, that will go through the process. Other categories are things like GYN oncology, which is of interest, saw lobectomy, Calvin, there are some others that…
Calvin Darling
Yeah. Lobectomy procedures and some of the lower colon LAR procedures are potential.
Gary Guthart
Yeah. So I think the interest in broad use of da Vinci in Japan is very high. We do not have assurance of that MHLW will accept it in the next insurance cycle. Although, so far, so good. And we don't have assurance that the reimbursement levels will be any particular level.
And again, so far, the indicators are pretty good for us, but that's still a work in process from the government's evaluation point of view. And we stand by to support the surgical societies to answer questions for them as they need it.
Richard Newitter
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Larry Biegelsen
Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. Let me just start with hernia. You received recently a specific inguinal hernia indication, which includes positive data in the label. Could you talk about implications of that label and data? And are you pursuing other specific indications for other procedures? And I have one follow-up.
Gary Guthart
Sure. On the first one, this really is something around what gives us a little bit of freedom of – a little more freedom about what we can claim in our materials. And so it allows us to be a little bit more specific versus the general. And so for us, we think that, that just clarifies what our teams can speak about.
And so we think it's an incremental positive, it's a small positive, I think the data underlying it is supportive, and the interactions with FDA, I think are ultimately helpful for the whole process.
This is one of a set of specific indications that we have pursued over the last couple of years. And we do have a pipeline of the next set of things we want to do and get aligned. And we have not publicly disclosed what those are and what the order is, but I guess what I'd tell you is I expect more to come.
And again, I think it's a healthy process between us and the agency to supply data as we get it and that allows us a little more specific capability in terms of what we talk about.
Larry Biegelsen
Thanks. And then I think on the – you're planning to finally launch a 45 millimeter stapler, which should help with bariatric procedures. Is there any update on the timing there? Thanks for taking the questions.
Gary Guthart
Sure. Yeah, we are working on additional staplers besides the ones that are in the market. We have a 30 and a 45. Remember, staplers are characterized by not only their length but also the length of the staples that go into jaw. There are a set of things that we're working on beyond that.

We do think that there are opportunities to build staplers that can have broader use in general surgery. We have not yet predicted or publicly disclosed what the expected time lines are. We do have to take note of the enrolment and those things. Approach maturity will share with you where we are. 
Larry Biegelsen
Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator
Thank you. We'll go next to Brandon Henry with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brandon Henry
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Can you provide an update on the Australian clinical trial for the flexible catheter platform? And any lessons you've learned from that trial?
And then when and where do you think we can see the data from the trial being published or presented? And a couple of follow-ups.
Gary Guthart
Yes. Thanks, Brandon. I think the short answer is no. I can't provide an update. The data is being analyzed. The clinical teams that are there are preparing abstracts and they will decide, which meeting they want to show it. And once they made a decision, then we're happy to share it with you.
As we said last time, the results were very positive for us. We were really happy with what we saw. I think the scientific principal investigators need the chance to write their manuscripts and analyze the data and present it in a way that makes sense to them. So we will wait for that, and as we get clarity there, we're sure to share it with you.
Brandon Henry
Okay. And then just more broadly, can you help me understand some of the differences or the benefits for Intuitive's flexible catheter platform relative to some of the other platforms in the market, like Medtronic with its super dimension platform?
Gary Guthart
Sure. I think what we can bring in our concept and our technology here is a couple of things. One is we have novel sensing technologies that allow us to sense all the way along the catheter length with a high degree of certainty. That helps us in terms of understanding and navigating tortuous pathways. That's one.
The second thing is the use of robotic assistance gives you stability and navigation capabilities that are very hard to do manually, and so those are technical benefits. What could they result in, in terms of clinical benefits?
The hope there is that you can get to more distal locations that are otherwise hard to get to in tortuous pathways and that are more accurate in terms of tissue sampling because you have high degree of stability and better imaging and targeting now.
Those claims have to be backed up, and so that's the hypothesis. And that's the set of trials and data and analysis that we’re going after. And I think people are excited about flexible technologies in general by some of the technologies that our competitors and other med companies have put out there.
I think the excitement is there. And the question is, can you go a little further and get a little more predictability. And we think we have technologies and capabilities that can do that.
Brandon Henry
Okay. Thank you. 
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Travis Steed with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Travis Steed
Thanks for taking the question.
Calvin Darling
Travis, you'll be the last questioner, so make it a good one.
Travis Steed
Okay. So you placed a decent amount of Si systems in the quarter. Did those customers have an option to purchase X? And just any color on how customers are deciding between the two systems, recognizing we're still very early on?
Gary Guthart
So I think the question was, either there's a fair number of Sis in the system in the quarter despite the availability of X.
Travis Steed
Yes.
Gary Guthart
Right? I think, first, while we were pleased with approval timelines of X in the U.S. and Europe, there are still many markets that X is not yet approved in. So some of the Sis are just purchases by folks whose choices were Si or Xi.

In the case of China, it's – their choices Si right now, not Xi. So some of it is just that. In other cases, some of the negotiations are multi-quarter negotiations and are right at the endpoint.
And so they will finish the transaction based on where they started. Those are opportunities for us to go back to those customers over time. That's one of the reasons that we had the revenue deferral and the offers for people to evaluate whether they want to make a change. So that's mostly what the dynamics are.
Marshall Mohr
And then, Travis, the other point to think about is just – the lumpy of the accruals came mid quarter, so I think Europe was in the beginning of practical and the U.S. was the beginning of May, so you didn't really have a full quarter to get out, get the team in and communicate to all your customers what X is relative to other products that may have already been in a long sales cycle.
Travis Steed
Okay.
Gary Guthart
Just a little color commentary on X. I think the customer base and our field understood well what X is, what its benefits are, I think. The logic of X is well understood and where it fits in the line is well understood. And we're pleased with that.
Travis Steed
Okay. And just one quick follow-up, I think I know the answer to this, but is it still your view we should be modeling in 2018 expense growth below you revenue growth?
Marshall Mohr
Actually, what we’ve said is that expense growth – operating expense growth will grow 18% for the year.
Travis Steed
I'm sorry, in 2018, kind of longer term?
Gary Guthart
Do we expect a while a back…
Marshall Mohr
Sorry. And in 2018, what we’ve said is, we expect to dial back so that we are adding leverage.
Travis Steed
Okay. All right. Thanks for taking the questions.
Gary Guthart
Thanks, Travis. Well, that was our last question. As we’ve said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our colonization’s focus remains an increasing value by enabling surges to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma.
We've built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference.
This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve the surgery, and we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Operator
Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Medical Appliances & Equipment, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ISRG TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksIronwood Will Press On In The Good Fight Against GERDIRWD• Yesterday, 5:26 PM • Long Term BioMannKind: Afrezza Scripts Stable At A Bit Above 300 - Will Ads Help?MNKD• Yesterday, 4:15 PM • Spencer Osborne•18 CommentsIgnyta Lights The FireRXDX• Yesterday, 3:28 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentWhy Ironwood's IW-3718 Is 'Refluxing' Into A Sea Of RedIRWD• Yesterday, 2:32 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•7 CommentsNovartis's Q2 Results: Encouraging Signals Fully Reflected In ValuationNVS• Yesterday, 2:17 PM • HealthBlogger2 Small Oncology Stocks That Could Rally Through Year-EndRXDX, TGTX• Yesterday, 1:23 PM • Bret Jensen•9 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 14: Updates And A Ninth PositionCBAY• Yesterday, 1:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•2 CommentsTrevena (TRVN) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTRVN• Yesterday, 1:09 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is A Defensive Stock And Should Be In All Portfolios, Income Or GrowthJNJ• Yesterday, 12:17 PM • William Stamm•13 CommentsTesaro's Stock Dip Is Nothing To Be Afraid OfTSRO• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Kevin McAdamsUnited Therapeutics Losing The Crown Jewels; 20% EPS Downgrades AheadUTHR• Yesterday, 10:32 AM • World's Greatest•8 CommentsAn Endocrinologist Explains Her View Of Tymlos And The Osteoporosis LandscapeRDUS• Yesterday, 10:20 AM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsSirukumab's Panel And U.S. Decision For Medicines CompanyMDCO, JNJ, GSK• Yesterday, 10:18 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAchaogen EscalatesAKAO• Yesterday, 10:03 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsMedtronic's Diabetes Segment Generating ExcitementMDT• Yesterday, 8:37 AM • The Non-Consensus•5 CommentsGilead Has Another Ace Up Its SleeveGILD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:22 PM • Long Term Bio•51 CommentsMedtronic: A Dividend Aristocrat With Double-Digit Payout Growth PotentialMDT• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:19 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Television Ad Debuts; What Investors Need To KnowMNKD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:02 PM • Spencer Osborne•97 CommentsProtalix Is Undervalued With Upcoming CatalystsPLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:50 PM • Jesse Donovan•43 CommentsTitan Pharmaceuticals: Just Be PatientTTNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:30 PM • Matthew Burdeshaw•11 CommentsQuidel To Acquire Triage Assets From Alere DivestitureQDEL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:34 PM • Donovan JonesCymaBay Therapeutics' Strong Cash Raise Points To Near-Term UpsideCBAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:56 PM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsVivus Settlement Could Clue In Orexigen InvestorsOREX, VVUS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:41 PM • Spencer OsborneIronwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) IW-3718 Phase IIb Clinical Trial Results - SlideshowIRWD• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:59 PM • SA TranscriptsAerie Pharmaceuticals (AERI) Roclatan Mercury 1 Phase 3 12-month Topline Results - SlideshowAERI• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:56 PM • SA TranscriptsIs The FDA Biotech's Best Friend?BDSI, ENDP, FOLD• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:54 AM • Bret Jensen•24 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•35 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 20, 2017AMGN, RDHL, VRTX• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•5 CommentsFonar's medical diagnostic centers are delivering great returnsFONR• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:43 AM • Blue Tower Asset Management, LLC•4 CommentsRaise After Raise: Sarepta Shares Are Still A BuySRPT• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:08 AM • Jonathan Faison•15 CommentsBecton, Dickinson In The Garden PortfolioBDX• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:03 AM • DJ Habig•9 CommentsSpark Therapeutics: Let The PDUFA Run-Up CommenceONCE• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:06 AM • Jonathan Faison•3 CommentsNovartis Will Hit $100 This YearNVS• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:40 PM • Individual Trader•9 CommentsAimmune Banks On Food Allergies, Study Expected To Show Positive ResultsAIMT• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:06 PM • Emerging EquitiesJohnson & Johnson's Weakness Worries MeJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:05 PM • Josh Arnold•12 CommentsUpcoming Soliris Catalyst Offers Hope For Battered Alexion StockALXN• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:59 PM • Emerging Equities•4 CommentsGilead Sciences' Shares Just Answered The QuestionGILD• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:34 PM • James Brumley•60 CommentsAt a 52 Week High, Can United Health Group Go Higher?UNH• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:21 PM • Jeremy LaKosh•9 CommentsInnovation Pharmaceuticals Stock May Be A Triple-Crown Winner With Brilacidin By Year EndIPIX• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:14 PM • KarinCA•56 CommentsJohnson & Johnson: This Market Will Buy AnythingJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:01 PM • Stone Fox Capital•33 CommentsAddus HomeCare: Weathering The Health Care MaelstromADUS• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:49 PM • Underanalyzed EquitiesAn Irrational Reaction To TherapeuticsMD's News ReleaseTXMD• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:46 PM • Zheng Feng Chee•28 CommentsVertex Eyes The Treble In Cystic FibrosisVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:27 PM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsFDA's Flashing Green Light Boosts Novel Drug ApprovalsGILD, PBYI, AZN• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:09 PM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsCempra: Are We There Yet?Editors' Pick • CEMP• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:57 PM • StrategyDoc•80 CommentsImmunogen Finally Moving 'FORWARD'?IMGN• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:51 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentVertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) Phase 1 And 2 Data For Triple Combination Regimens Demonstrate Improvements In Lung Function And Other Measures In CF PaVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:30 PM • SA TranscriptsJ&J: Some Good News, But Here's Why It's Dropped A Level Or TwoJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:56 PM • DoctoRx•51 CommentsCymaBay Phase 2 Liver Data Is A Great Buy OpportunityCBAY• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:53 AM • Long Term Bio•4 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 13: Updates And A Regulatory Runup PlayALBO, ZGNX, STDY• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:01 AM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsPuma Wins FDA Approval: New Hope For HER2-Positive Breast Cancer PatientsPBYI• Wed, Jul. 19, 10:35 AM • Long Term Bio•1 CommentBeiGene: This China-Based Biotech Continues To SurpriseBGNE• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:53 AM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsInsmed (INSM) Investor Presentation - SlideshowINSM• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:24 AM • SA TranscriptsRisk-Adjusted Net Present Value For Arbutus BiopharmaABUS• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:45 AM • Oscar CarrascosaGilead At 30: Re-Entry TimeGILD• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:34 AM • Out of Ignorance•60 CommentsValeant Pharmaceuticals: Becoming A Better Buy?VRX• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:28 AM • Orthodox Investor•72 CommentsVertex Pharmaceuticals Looks To Push The EnvelopeVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:14 AM • Long Term Bio•5 CommentsCalyxt Inc.: Regulatory Hurdles Keep Us Cautious On This (Otherwise Exciting) IPOCLXT• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:29 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsKala Pharmaceuticals Looks Promising Ahead Of IPOKALA• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:25 PM • Don Dion•6 CommentsChaos At AstraZenecaAZN• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:23 PM • Derek Lowe•12 CommentsMallinckrodt: A Crowded Short Where The Bear Thesis Is Falling ApartMNK• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:18 PM • One Other Fool•28 CommentsTake Profits On GileadGILD• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:52 PM • Giovanni DiMauro•82 CommentsHerbalife: A Viable ShortHLF• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:08 PM • Brian Sanders•124 CommentsWhy Keeping Up With FDA Approvals Could Help Your Stock Portfolio - Slingshot Insights' Joe McCann's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • RDUS• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:55 PM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsNektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Updates On Topline Results of Oral Human Abuse Potential (NKTR-181) - SlideshowNKTR• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:38 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentQuidel (QDEL) Updates On Acquisition Of Alere's Triage (ALR) Assets - SlideshowQDEL, ALR• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:26 PM • SA TranscriptsCymabay Therapeutics (CBAY) Seladelpar Phase 2 Low Dose Study In PBC - SlideshowCBAY• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:13 PM • SA TranscriptsInvestors Waiting In BioLineRxBLRX• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:58 PM • Strong Bio•5 CommentsNovartis AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNVS• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:57 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is DeliveringJNJ• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•13 CommentsEiger Biopharmaceuticals: Can This $10 Biotech Stock Continue To Rally?EIGR• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:30 PM • Bret Jensen•2 CommentsBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Update On Approximately $5 CytosorbentsCRSP, CTSO, EDIT• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:58 AM • Bret Jensen•5 CommentsAmgen Receives CRL For Osteoporosis Drug: What's The Next Step?AMGN• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:55 AM • Long Term Bio•9 CommentsHTG Molecular Diagnostics Has Its Own NicheHTGM• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:33 AM • Thomas Pangia•6 CommentsUnited Therapeutics: Shareholders Profitably UnitedUTHR• Tue, Jul. 18, 10:50 AM • Strong Bio•4 Comments123456...467Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Metso Corporation's (MXTOF) CEO Matti Kähkönen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MXTOF•
      Sat, Jul. 22, 12:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ingenico Group's (INGIF) CEO Philippe Lazare on Acquisition of Bambora & Q2 2017 Trading Update (Transcript)


INGIF•
      Fri, Jul. 21, 10:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danske Bank's (DNSKF) CEO Thomas Borgen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DNSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cinedigm (CIDM) Cinedigm Bison Agreement Conference (Transcript)


CIDM•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Alliance Bancorporation's (WAL) CEO Robert Sarver on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mobile Mini's (MINI) CEO Erik Olsson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MINI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Givaudan's (GVDNY) CEO Gilles Andrier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GVDNY•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MB Financial's (MBFI) CEO Mitchell Feiger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBFI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cementos Pacasmayo's (CPAC) CEO Humberto Nadal on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPAC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sensient Technologies' (SXT) CEO Paul Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXT•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moody's (MCO) CEO Raymond McDaniel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCO•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regions Financial's (RF) CEO Grayson Hall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Accell Group (ACGPF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACGPF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Del Frisco's Restaurant Group's (DFRG) CEO Norman Abdallah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFRG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Volaris Aviation's (VLRS) CEO Enrique Beltranena on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VLRS•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



McClatchy's (MNI) CEO Craig Forman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MNI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Badger Meter's (BMI) CEO Rich Meeusen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OFG Bancorp's (OFG) CEO Jose Rafael Fernandez on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Electric's (GE) CEO Jeff Immelt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GE•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•7 Comments 



Husky's (HUSKF) CEO Rob Peabody on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Glacier Bancorp's (GBCI) CEO Randall Chesler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GBCI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Honeywell International's (HON) CEO Darius Adamczyk on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HON•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



CoBiz Financial's (COBZ) CEO Steve Bangert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COBZ•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ameris Bancorp's (ABCB) CEO Edwin Hortman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ABCB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior's (BLX) CEO Rubens Amaral On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLX•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Citizens Financial Group's (CFG) CEO Bruce Van Saun on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kansas City Southern's (KSU) CEO Patrick Ottensmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KSU•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntington Bancshares' (HBAN) CEO Steve Steinour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HBAN•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Equity Bancshares' (EQBK) CEO Brad Elliott on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQBK•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4430Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
Intuitive Surgical (ISRG) Gary S. Guthart on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Intuitive Surgical (ISRG) Gary S. Guthart on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.20.16 | About: Intuitive Surgical, (ISRG) Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG)
Q2 2016 Earnings Call
July 19, 2016 4:30 pm ET
Executives
Calvin Darling - Senior Director-Finance, Investor Relations
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Marshall L. Mohr - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director
Analysts
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Robert Adam Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Rich S. Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Intuitive Surgical Q2 2016 Earnings Release Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only. Later there will be an opportunity for questions. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Calvin Darling, Senior Director of Finance, Investor Relations of Intuitive Surgical. Please go ahead, sir.
Calvin Darling - Senior Director-Finance, Investor Relations
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Patrick Clingan, Vice President of Finance and Sales Operations.
Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 2, 2016, and 10-Q filed on April 19, 2016. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website.
Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our second quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights, Marshall will provide a review of our second quarter financial results, Patrick will discuss marketing and clinical highlights, then I will provide our updated financial outlook for 2016. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session.
With that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on the call today. In the second quarter our company performance was strong, highlighted by sustained procedure growth across multiple geographies, improved margins and continued customer preference for our new products.
Turning first to procedures, global procedure growth for the quarter was nearly 16% with prior quarter trends continuing. Drivers of growth included U.S. general surgery, growth in the use of da Vinci surgical systems outside the United States and modest growth in U.S. urology and gynecology. Inguinal hernia repair and ventral hernia repair growth remains strong, and growth in colorectal surgery was solid.
Procedure growth was variable by country in Europe, with accelerating growth in Germany. Both the Nordics and France experienced modest improvement relative to Q1 growth rates. In the U.K., growth decelerated slightly from Q1. In Asia, procedure growth in Japan was solid again in the quarter while growth in Korea was robust and accelerated over Q1 growth rate. Growth in procedures in China was also strong. Patrick will review procedure trends in greater detail later in the call.

We placed 130 da Vinci systems in the quarter, up from 118 in Q2 of 2015. Our most capable model, da Vinci Xi, represented roughly three quarters of new capital placements. System placement orders included an increase in dual consoles and the addition of integrated Table Motion, leading to higher feature content on average than Q1. Placements in Europe and Asia increased over Q1, while U.S. placements were up slightly up relative to last quarter. Marshall will take you through our finances in more detail later in the call.
Our operations teams have performed well over the past several quarters and remain focused on optimizing our manufacturing design and supply chains. Q2 was another strong quarter of operations efficiency and cost reduction performance. We plan to continue these optimization efforts as they provide significant financial flexibility for us in coming years.
Turning to highlights of our second quarter operating results, procedures grew nearly 16% over the second quarter of last year. We shipped 130 da Vinci surgical systems, up from 118 in the second quarter of 2015. Revenue for the quarter was $670 million, up 14% from the prior year. Pro forma gross profit margin was 71.9% compared to 68% in the second quarter of last year.
Instrument and accessory revenue increased to $339 million, up 14%. Total recurring revenue in the quarter was $467 million, representing 70% of total revenue. We generated a pro forma operating profit of $297 million in the quarter, up 30% from the second quarter of last year, and pro forma net income was $220 million, up 28% from Q2 of 2015.
Recent launches of Xi products, including Xi intraoperative Table Motion, have been well received, as has expansion of advanced instrument lines, including our stapling products. We are continuing to invest in these line extensions to increase the value and utility of our Xi offering. We have also increased investment in advanced imaging, including significant refinements in our intraoperative 3D endoscopes, image processing for real-time and preoperative images and near infrared fluorescence imaging.
Our single port, or Sp, program is progressing to plan. As Sp approaches clinical readiness, we are conducting in-house validations and initiating work with clinical trial sites and regulatory agencies. We expect first markets to include head and neck surgery, urology and colorectal surgery. Over time, I expect this list of applications to evolve.
As our business has strengthened, we have increased our mid and long-term investments in research and development. We have been increasing our investments in imaging, analytics and new product architectures based on our belief that a substantial opportunity exists to enable better outcomes and to expand access to our technologies globally. We expect quarter-to-quarter variation in spending and increased fixed expenses in the back half of this year. Calvin will take you through our projected spending later in the call.
As we move forward in 2016, we remain focused on the following. First, expanding the use of da Vinci in general surgery and thoracic surgery, particularly colorectal surgery and hernia repair. Second, advancing our ecosystem, including expanding our Xi line and taking our Sp product into initial clinical use. Third, driving our organizational capabilities in markets in Europe and Asia. And finally, assisting our customers in their efforts to maximize the comprehensive value of their programs.
I'll now turn the call over to Marshall who will review financial highlights.
Marshall L. Mohr - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Thank you, Gary. I'll be describing our results on a non-GAAP or pro forma basis which excludes specified legal settlements and claim accruals, stock-based compensation and amortization of purchased IP. We provide pro forma information because we believe that business trends and operating results are easier to understand on a pro forma basis. I will also summarize our GAAP results later in my script. We have posted reconciliations of our pro forma results to our GAAP results on our website so that there is no confusion.

Second quarter 2016 revenue was $670 million, an increase of 14% compared with $586 million for the second quarter of 2015 and an increase of 13% compared with first quarter revenue of $595 million. Second quarter of 2016 procedures increased nearly 16% compared with the second quarter of 2015, and increased 7% compared with last quarter. Procedure growth has been driven by general surgery in the U.S. and urology worldwide.
Revenue highlights are as follows. Instrument and accessory revenue of $339 million increased 14% compared with the last year, and increased 5% compared with the first quarter of 2016. Growth in instruments and accessory revenue generally reflect procedure growth. Instrument and accessory revenue realized per procedure, including stocking orders, was approximately $1,810 per procedure. This metric has fluctuated in a tight range over the past couple of years.
The slight decrease in the second quarter relative to the second quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016 primarily reflects the impact of customer buying patterns, partially offset by increased usage of our stapling and vessel sealer products. While instrument and accessory usage per procedure has been relatively constant, customer buying patterns fluctuate in the short term.
System revenue of $203 million increased 15% compared with the second quarter of 2015, and increased 37% compared with last quarter. These increases primarily reflect higher average system selling prices, higher system placements, and revenue associated with lease buyout transactions.
130 systems were placed in the second quarter compared with 118 systems in the second quarter of 2015 and 110 systems last quarter. 15 systems were placed under operating lease transactions in the current quarter, compared with 19 last quarter, and 5 systems in the second quarter of 2015. As a reminder, revenue on operating lease transactions is recognized ratably over the life of the lease.
As of the end of the second quarter, there were 66 systems out in the field under operating leases. We generated approximately $4 million of revenue associated with operating leases in the quarter, compared with $1 million in second quarter of 2015, and $4 million in the last quarter. We also generated approximately $13 million of revenue during the quarter from lease buyouts compared with $6 million in the first quarter, and $4 million in the second quarter of last year. We exclude the impact of operating leases and lease buyouts from our system ASP calculations.
Globally, our average system selling price of $1.56 million was approximately $60,000 higher than both the second quarter of 2015 and last quarter. The increase compared with prior quarters reflect a higher mix of dual console systems and sales of Table Motion. We introduced intraoperative Table Motion in Europe in the third quarter of 2015, and early this year in the U.S. During the first and second quarters, we recognize $1 million and $6 million of Table Motion software, respectively. Both the mix of dual consoles and number of Table Motion placements will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter.
Service revenue of $128 million increased 13% year-over-year, and increased approximately 3% compared with the first quarter of 2016. The year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter increases reflect growth in our installed base of da Vinci systems.
Outside of the U.S., results were as follows. Second quarter revenue outside of the U.S. of $185 million increased 10% compared with $168 million for the second quarter of 2015, and increased 13% compared with the first quarter of $164 million. The increase compared with the previous year is comprised of 16% growth in recurring revenue, which is driven by procedure growth of 25%, and increased systems revenue of 2%. The increase compared to the first quarter reflects systems revenue growth of 30% and recurring revenue growth of 4%.

Outside the U.S., we placed 51 systems in the second quarter, compared with 46 systems in the second quarter of 2015, and 36 systems last quarter. Current quarter systems sales included 22 into Europe, 4 into China, and 13 into Japan. System placements outside the U.S. will continue to be lumpy, as some of these markets are in the early stages of adoption. Some markets are highly seasonal, reflecting budget cycles or vacation patterns and sales into some markets are constrained by government regulations.
Moving on to the remainder of the P&L. The pro forma gross margin for the second quarter of 2016 was 71.9%, compared with 68% for the second quarter of 2015, and 70% for the first quarter of 2016. Compared with the first quarter of 2016, the higher gross margin reflects reduction in product costs, favorable costs associated with our scope exchange program, manufacturing efficiencies, and higher dual console mix, lease buyouts and Table Motion sales.
Future margins will fluctuate based on the mix of our newer products, the mix of systems and instrument accessory revenue, costs associated with our scope exchange program, our ability to further reduce product costs, improve manufacturing efficiency and, in the long term, the potential reinstatement of the medical device tax.
Pro forma operating expenses increased 9% compared with the second quarter of 2015, and decreased nearly $2 million compared with last quarter. The increase over the second quarter of 2015 reflects increased investments in advanced imaging, advanced instrumentation, and next-generation robotics, and increased head count. The decrease compared with the prior quarter reflects lower payroll taxes, partially offset by increased head count – head count costs particularly in our product operations areas.
Our pro forma effective tax rate for the second quarter was 27.8%, compared with an effective tax rate of 25.6% for the second quarter of 2015, and 27.4% last quarter. The increase in the tax rate compared with 2015 reflects one-time benefits reflected in 2015. Our second quarter 2016 pro forma net income was $220 million or $5.62 per share compared with $173 million or $4.57 per share for the second quarter of 2015, and $170 million or $4.42 per share for the first quarter of 2016. As I indicated earlier, pro forma income provides an easier comparison of our financial results and business trends.
I will now summarize our GAAP results. GAAP net income was $185 million or $4.71 per share for the second quarter of 2016, compared with $135 million or $3.56 per share for the second quarter of 2015, and $136 million or $3.54 per share for the first quarter of 2016. We ended the quarter with cash and investments of $4.2 billion, up from $3.8 billion as of March 31, 2016. The increase was primarily driven by cash generated from operations and proceeds from stock option exercises. As our cash builds, we'll continue to evaluate our approach to capital allocation.
And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Patrick, who will go over our procedure and clinical highlights.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director
Thanks, Marshall. Of our second quarter procedure growth of nearly 16%, U.S. procedures grew approximately 13% and OUS procedures grew approximately 25%. During the first half of 2016, global procedure growth increased to approximately 16%, compared to approximately 15% in the second half of 2015, and approximately 13% in the first half of 2015. We expect our procedure growth rate to moderate in the second half of 2016.
In the United States, second quarter procedure growth continued to outpace our expectations. Second quarter growth in our mature procedures slowed modestly compared to the first quarter. General and thoracic procedure growth remained robust.

In U.S. urology, second quarter growth in da Vinci prostatectomy and kidney procedures slowed modestly compared to the first quarter of 2016. We continue to believe that our U.S. prostatectomy volumes have been tracking to the broader prostate surgery market and we expect prostatectomy growth to return to levels similar to prostate cancer diagnoses over time.
In U.S. gynecology, second quarter procedures grew modestly year-over-year, growth led by malignant and complex benign hysterectomy. Continuing the recent trend, we estimate a larger proportion of da Vinci hysterectomy procedures were performed by gynecologic oncologists during the second quarter. Similar to the first quarter, U.S. single-site gynecology procedures declined compared to the second quarter of 2015. In the U.S., procedures for benign gynecologic conditions slightly grew during the first half of 2016, exceeding our expectations.
Second quarter U.S. general surgery procedure adoption remained strong, led by robust growth in hernia repair and continued adoption of colorectal procedures. Hernia repair continues to contribute the largest volume of new procedures in general surgery, and surgeon retention and expansion remains encouraging. Cholecystectomy procedures slightly declined in the quarter, with growth in multi-port procedures nearly offsetting declines in single-site procedures.
Second quarter was another quarter with a large number of clinical publications and presentations evaluating da Vinci surgery. Of these, I have selected a few studies that you may find interesting. Intuitive is among the founding partners for the American Hernia Society Quality Collaborative initiative, or the AHSQC, and this quarter, two preliminary analyses comparing da Vinci to open or laparoscopic complex ventral hernia repair were brought forward.
The first was a podium presentation at the American Hernia Society annual meeting by Dr. Poulose from Vanderbilt, comparing da Vinci to open retromuscular hernia repair. This patient matched analysis involving data from multiple institutions found that da Vinci reduced hospital length of stay by three days without significant differences in surgical site infections, readmissions, or reoperations.
In addition, a paper was published in Surgical Endoscopy by Dr. Warren and colleagues from the University of South Carolina. The authors used their institution's submissions to AHSQC to compare da Vinci to laparoscopic retromuscular hernia repair. Their study found that with a longer operative time, da Vinci reduced the hospital length of stay by one day and also enabled a greater percentage of patients to receive fascial closure and extraperitoneal placement of mesh, to which the authors attribute a reduced likelihood of hernia recurrence or bowel adhesions
Next, as Marshall mentioned earlier, sales of our intraoperative Table Motion technology were strong in the quarter. During the quarter, the first clinical publication reviewing this technology was published in the international journal of colorectal disease by Dr. Morelli and colleagues from the University of Pisa. In a small case series of colorectal resections, surgeons used Table Motion to reposition the patient in an average of three to four times per procedure.
The authors suggested that the technology may improve patient safety by reducing the amount of time in extreme patient positions and stated, "the da Vinci Xi plus the new operating table gives the potential to optimize gravity exposure, and provides a quick access to different surgical objectives that is important in colorectal surgery."
Turning abroad, procedure growth outside of the United States was approximately 25% in the second quarter, led by the global adoption of da Vinci prostatectomy, with solid contributions from kidney procedures and colorectal resections. Compared to the first quarter of 2016, second quarter procedure growth improved in Europe and was similar to the first quarter in Asia. Outside of the U.S., second quarter procedure performance varied by country, with strong growth in Germany, China and South Korea.

In certain countries where our urology business has become more mature, such as the United Kingdom and Nordic countries, procedures continue to grow at a slower rate. Emerging procedures are in an early stage in these markets, and we are engaged with a broad range of stakeholders working to enable procedure adoption into gynecologic and general surgery. In Japan, partial Nephrectomy growth accelerated in the first quarter following approval of national reimbursement.
During the quarter, a meta-analysis sponsored by the South Korean National Evidence-based healthcare Collaborating Agency, or NECA, was published in The Annals of Surgical Treatment and Research. It reviewed da Vinci and laparoscopic colon cancer resection. The meta-analysis included nearly 700 patients and found that with a longer operative time, da Vinci surgery resulted in a more rapid return of normal diet and bowel function, lower blood loss, and a shorter hospital stay. This government-sponsored health technology assessment adds to the number of HCAs has have evaluated da Vinci surgery and a broad range of procedures over the years.
I will conclude my remarks by highlighting one of the largest population base studies on the impact of da Vinci prostatectomy published in the Journal of Urology by Dr. Pearson and colleagues from the University of Chicago. Using data from the national cancer database, this study includes nearly 100,000 prostatectomy patients treated with either da Vinci or open surgery. After matching the patient populations for risk factors, da Vinci surgery was shown to reduce positive surgical margins across low, medium, and high risk cohorts, as well as reduce use of radiation therapy, 30-day readmissions and 30-day mortality compared to open surgery.
Dr. Koch from Indiana University published a letter alongside the study titled Robotic versus Open Prostatectomy, End of Controversy, in which he stated that any debate over robotic prostatectomy should be put to rest.
This concludes my remarks. I will now turn the call over to Calvin.
Calvin Darling - Senior Director-Finance, Investor Relations
Thank you, Patrick. I will be providing you with our updated financial outlook for 2016. Starting with procedures. On our last call, we estimated full-year 2016 procedure growth of 12% to 14% above the approximately 652,000 procedures performed in 2015. We are increasing our estimate for 2016. We now anticipate full year 2016 procedure growth within a range of 14% to 15%.
In regards to certain forward-looking metrics, we have the following expectations. We anticipate fewer lease buyouts and lower upgrade and other system revenue in Q3 and Q4 than we saw in Q2. Second half 2016 system ASPs will likely be lower than Q2 driven by product and channel mix. We expect a directionally higher proportion of our system placements in Q3 and Q4 to come from operating leases than we saw in Q2.
Turning to gross profit. On our last call, we forecast 2016 pro forma gross profit margin to be within a range of between 69% and 70% of net revenue. We are now increasing our estimate. We now expect full year 2016 pro forma gross profit to be within a range of between 70% and 71% of net revenue.
Turning to operating expenses. Based upon investments we are making in key areas of the business, we expect expense growth will accelerate in the second half of 2016. We continue to forecast pro forma 2016 operating expenses to grow between 12% and 15% above 2015 levels.
Consistent with our last call, we expect our noncash stock compensation expense to range between $170 million and $180 million in 2016, compared to $168 million in 2015. We expect other income to total approximately $30 million in 2016, higher than the $20 million to $25 million forecast on our last call, due primarily to higher interest income.

With regard to income tax, we continue to expect our 2016 pro forma income tax rate to be between 26.5% and 28.5% of pre-tax income, depending primarily on the mix of U.S. and international profits.
That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Certainly. [Operation Instructions] One moment, please. Okay. And our first question comes from the line of Ben Andrew of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC
Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Gary, maybe just start out by talking about the increased investments in OpEx in the back half. Obviously, you guys have always been looking for opportunities there, but talk a bit more granularly about where those investments are coming and when we may see some payoffs. I recall it took about a year for the European investments to kick in.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. As we've said before, I think the messaging here has been pretty consistent. Some of the investments are in technology, things like Sp starting to move into field-based investment and scale rather than just the upfront D. So you're seeing some growth in that. We have some other technology investments that are a little broader. We've talked about imaging, and that's kind of a multistep process. Some of it is on the acquisition side, new kinds of endoscopes, some of it's on the software side, and some of it is in the ability to enhance our florescence imaging portfolio. Some of those things will become commercial in future quarters. Some of them are a little longer, multiyear types of investments.
With regard to investments outside of R&D, you know we've been growing our investments in regions around the world where we think there's real opportunity from Japan to Germany and France and others. That'll continue. I think that be some of those investments are doing well for us. We have opportunity to perform better than we have thus far. And so the right kinds of investments there are sometimes in clinical data and clinical trials, sometimes in other market development efforts, sometimes in our resources and head count. And, again, those things can be effective from a couple of quarters out to multiyears out, depending on what the activity is.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC
Okay. And then two more quick ones for me, please. In Europe, you talked about some of the investments in emerging procedures. Is that a protracted multiyear process to move beyond urology and the initial GYN procedures that you've kind of started to mature in certain geographies?
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I think that you can see early success sooner than years, but I think broad adoption in many of these places is a multiyear process. It starts with leading surgeons and key opinion leaders and surgical society endorsement and goes from there. In some cases, we need interactions with payers and reimbursement. So I don't think have you to wait years to see the early indicators but full penetration is often more than a year process.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC
Great. And then finally, in the Sp, you did say head and neck. Can you be more precise? Would that be sleep apnea or is this more thyroidectomy? Do you have some initial thoughts on where specifically, please? Thank you.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, so I think in the beginning it's really starting in the markets we're already participating in, so transoral more than, for example, thyroidectomy. I think this is more around surgery in the throat. And for sure there's cancer indications for that. There may be benign indications. Part of what we're talking to regulatory bodies about are clinical requirements for them to make some of those assessments and varies from what happens in Europe to what happens in the U.S. to what happens in Asia. So that will play out in time. But think of head and neck starting point as TORS. It may have other applications in neck surgery over time. I think that Sp is a pretty powerful platform, and where we start and where it evolves to will differ as surgeons get a chance to experience it for themselves.

Operator
Okay. Thank you. And the next question is from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Please go ahead
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Hey, thanks. First question, Gary, can you maybe just provide a little bit more clarity on Sp timelines? I understand you're lining up the initial sites now. It sounds like from some of the discussions, you're really not expecting that to be much of a revenue contributor in 2017. So can you maybe just talk a little bit about how we should think about the rollout next year?
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. So, first step here is clearances and some clinical data to support that clearance. 2017 will be really focused on data generation. While I expect some revenue, I don't think it will be a material revenue contributor in 2017. A lot of that will be building the foundation, the evidence foundation, some of the clinical work, and then I think 2018, it starts to become more of a material contributor for us. And as we get our clearances and start to solidify that timeline, we'll color that (30:45) up more for you.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Okay. And then switching over to hernia, I think you talked in the past about doing some initial trial work. Can you maybe talk a little bit about where that stands in terms of any patient enrollment and how we should think about timelines around the trial for 30-day, one-year, and two-year follow-up?
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I'll turn that to Patrick.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director
Yeah. So, we have a number of different initiatives ongoing as it relates to sponsoring evidence development in hernia repair. The two presentation and publication that I mentioned on the call from the AHSQC is among the investments we've made in helping support surgeons bring forward the outcomes that they're getting with da Vinci compared to the alternatives.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Okay. And then just last one. You had noted some delays in Europe around tenders from competitive bake off (31:38). Just anything changed from your perspective this quarter?
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
No, nothing new to note. I think that tender offers in competitive interaction is the new normal. I think our teams are doing great. I think their performance has been effective. I think we're communicating well. We have a broad portfolio that allows us to engage the customer at different levels depending on what their needs are. So nothing new to report.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Okay. Thanks.
Operator
Thank you. And the next question from the line of David Lewis of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Good afternoon. Just a couple of quick questions from me. Gary, one for you and then kind of a clarifying financial question. So, Gary, I appreciate the incrementally more detail you gave us in the pipeline this quarter. So two pieces. First is analytics. Can you just give us a broader sense of what the word analytics means to you in Intuitive? And then on imaging, is the next disclosure we're likely to see in advanced imaging an approval or simply an announcement of an imaging clinical study? And then I had a quick financial follow-up.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I think analytics has multiple components in it. As you may know, the majority of our systems are real-time connected to the Internet today. I think over 90% of systems are online. They report back information to us mostly around the system performance itself, what it is itself is doing, rather than, say, patient information. That data can be turned into insights for the company and for our customers and we have been doing that for some time now. So there's that type of analytics.

Going forward, I think that as our computational structures get more powerful, we can bring some of that intelligence more real-time. So rather than offline insights, you can start generating real-time insights. That's a multi-year pathway. I think it's interesting and challenging. I think there's long-term potential in it. But we're moving down that pathway, making sure that we have good access and fast access and low latency access to our devices in the field, and then bringing to bear information that can help surgeons as they're performing the procedure. And you'll see from us in future years a series of products that come out using that set of kind of digital pipeline.
Turning to imaging, there are a couple of different things. We are releasing endoscopes at a fairly regular clip and improving that set of technologies. We made a technology change in the type of imaging we use when we switched to Xi that has allowed for faster iteration for us in the kinds of imaging we do. So there's that kind of thing that's going on at kind of a regular heartbeat. Our customers are pretty well aware of where those things are. There are other things that we've talked about, other indications for fluorescence. We're more likely to talk to you about what's happening clinically there than to announce a launch, so you'll have some warning prior to launch.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Okay. That's helpful. And then just, Calvin or Marshall, just thinking about the systems guidance into the back half of the year, a couple of components. I note this quarter that operating leases were down for the first time in several quarters, yet I think you said operating leases will pick back up in the back half of the year, so sort of what's the driver there? And then just on mix or ASPs going lower for systems in the back half, I'm assuming that's tied to your view of different geographies, less Xis or less consoles, dual consoles. Just give us some flavor on sort of those two dynamics, why you're so confident operating leases tick back up and ASPs tick down? Thank you.
Marshall L. Mohr - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Sure. So philosophically, first of all, we provide our customers leases to provide some flexibility in how they get into robotics, and it's proven out to be – to work out pretty well for both them and us. This last quarter, we just saw a fewer number than the previous quarter. The previous quarter, if you recall, was 19 (35:40). We would expect it to be more like Q1 than it was Q2, so that's the increase that Calvin was referring to.
As far as ASPs go, seasonally, systems revenue is stronger in Q4. Systems drive a slightly lower gross margin than do instruments and accessories, so that mix alone will cause margins to go down. We also would expect a little bit better performance, again, due to seasonal factors in the non-U.S. markets, or the outside of the U.S., and so that mix also will drive revenues down a little. And then we expect to continue to see growth in stapling and vessel sealing in our newer technology products and those also drive slightly lower margins. So a lot of the mix will cause margins to go down in the next couple of quarters.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Marshall, none of these things seem to me to be new dynamics. These seem to be ordinary operating dynamics for Intuitive. Is that sort of how you see it?
Marshall L. Mohr - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
For the most part, the seasonal things are. I think the new thing is as we drive the new product revenue, that's increases over previous quarters.
Calvin Darling - Senior Director-Finance, Investor Relations
And, David, if we're talking about margins, the one thing that was kind of different in the second quarter was on the service side. You saw a pretty marked increase in the service gross profit in the second quarter. And during the quarter we were able to utilize more refurbished scopes for our scope replacement program with customers. We're going to be expanding the program as the base builds out in the second half and it's going to require a much higher proportion of new scopes at higher cost and lower margin to replenish, so that's something that will be a headwind in the second half.

David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator
Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Bob Hopkins of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Robert Adam Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Thanks. Can you hear me okay?
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
We can.
Robert Adam Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Great. Good afternoon. So, Marshall, just to continue on this conversation around margins, you know, because last quarter you commented on mix on how you didn't think you'd be able to sustain 70% and now the guidance is going up on gross margin. And I understand there's a lot of moving pieces here. So just from a top-down perspective, from where you sit today, when you look forward at the business, should we be thinking about low 70%s gross margin as something that can be sustained over time? Just give us a sense of what you've just been learning here in the first half of this year as it relates to a more sustainable outlook for gross margins longer term.
Marshall L. Mohr - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Yeah, I think we've given you the guidance for the remainder of the year. We think that that's the best crystal ball that we have at this point. There are a lot of moving parts and it's hard to predict exactly where each one will come out. And so I'll leave it at that. I don't want to get into where we think it will go long term. Long term, those same moving parts will cause us to not have high confidence in exactly where they'll come out, although know that we'll manage things very diligently. As you know, last year we put in some programs to reduce the costs of Xi and Xi related product, and those have been successful, and that's part of what we're seeing here in the year to year improvement.
Robert Adam Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
But I mean, in terms of thinking about the biggest moving pieces, what are the things that you have us focus on as we think a little bit longer term when we try to consider what a sustainable gross margin would look like for the rest of the company?
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, I don't think we've put a stake in the ground and I don't think that I'm prepared to do that right now.
Robert Adam Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Okay. Well, no, anyway, we could take it offline. But thank you for that. And then, Gary, one other thing I wanted to ask about – two quick things. One, on just the eye-popping number of $4.2 billion now in cash on the balance sheet, and you get the question quite frequently, but I'm just curious now with this almost 20% of the market cap in cash, are there sizable M&A targets out there that you're considering and that's why there hasn't been anything incremental done with the cash? Just would love to get be an updated view there.
And then you mentioned on the topic of advanced imaging and timelines for future products, you said some of these approvals could come in future quarters. I was just curious. When you made that comment, were you talking about advanced imaging specifically?
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, let's speak to cash and then we'll go to the organic side. We look at the cash and think we're at an interesting point in the company's evolution here. On the one hand, I think that customer acceptance of our products has been really high. We're seeing, I think, great momentum on the clinical side in terms of clinical acceptance. We have a couple of things going on. We have some new platforms we want to bring to the market that, I think, are outstanding, are very well done and well-conceived. That will take some investment for us to do.
The other thing is that we see proliferation of folks who want to enter the market with competitive offerings. And that's both an opportunity for us and a requirement for some diligence. And the opportunity is some of those technologies are interesting and may be interesting to us. Other ones are things where we may want to speed up or adjust our strategy as the market evolves.

As we think about the cash broadly, our first thought is can we use the cash productively to drive future growth organically? Our second thought is are there M&A opportunities that for the long term are good for the company? The answer to both of those are there opportunities? The third are, are there other ways we can deploy capital with a long-term view for the benefit of shareholders? And that might be in buybacks or dividends or other things.
So we're disciplined about thinking about capital allocation. I think this is a special time in the company's history and we're walking through how we think about cash with a fair amount of discipline and diligence. You had asked a question on product releases. Why don't you ask it again just to make sure I hit it.
Robert Adam Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Sure. You made a comment about the timing of new product releases and you said some will take many of these years and some of those approvals could come in future quarters. And I was just curious as to whether that was a broad comment or whether you were specifically speaking to advanced imaging.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
A broad comment. There are some imaging things that are kind of nearer product things that look a lot like what we have today and there are some long-term imaging investments. And so the submission pipeline and our regulatory interactions are a pretty full pipeline.
Robert Adam Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Thank you very much.
Operator
Okay. Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Larry Keusch of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Thank you. Gary, just wanted to pick up on your last answer on the imaging. If you were to sort of think about all the efforts in analytics and imaging that the company is working on and you were to take this out several years, what would be the benefits to the surgeon at that time with these technologies embedded versus what's available today in Xi?
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yep. It's a good question. There's a couple of things that I think drive some of the variability that you see in surgery. So it's really interesting. If you ask the question and there's some research out there – surgery, in general, not just Intuitive, how much better in terms of outcomes and lower complications is the top 10th percentile surgeon versus the average surgery surgeon? And the spread is quite big as you look at that. There's a lot of variability in surgical performance.
And so you ask the question, what drives that variability? Why? And some of it, not all of it, but some of it is that what you're looking for in visual images is subtle. Where are nerves? Where are cancer boundaries? Where are ureters? What's the right tissue to section plane? Those things are subtle and take a long time for people to internalize, and the best do it better.
And so what we're trying to do here is find technologies that make it easier for other surgeons to be as good as the best. And we think that matters. Imaging will play a large role in it. So going forward a decade, what you'd really like to be able to do is mark tissues of interest in real time. Paint for the surgeon what the elements and boundaries are that allow for a good dissection or the proper resection or the best margin performance. And that's what's really directing our investments.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Okay. That's really helpful. And then for Marshall, I guess, two quick ones. The per procedure revenue certainly was at a lower level than we've seen in some time. You definitely mentioned some customer buying patterns in there. So if you could just help us understand what that means. And then on China you did a number of systems in the quarter. Just wanted to figure out where we were with the quota. Are those kind of one-offs now in any given quarter?

Marshall L. Mohr - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
So as it relates to my comments on customer buying patterns, we're able to measure or look at what happens with instrument accessory usage. And from that, what we've determined is that the usage really hasn't changed a lot surgery by surgery. And so when we see fluctuations and what they're buying versus what they're using, there are times when they use more than they buy and times when they buy more than they use. And it just happens that – and it's going to fluctuate quarter to quarter, and that was my comment on the short term. And so what we saw this quarter was they used more than they purchased. And so I don't have a great explanation for it beyond that. That's just what we see.
On the other hand, we have do have distributors that buy in bulk because they're holding inventory to sell to their end customers, and we do see fluctuations in those numbers as well. So the combination of the two, direct hospitals that we sell to as well as distributors, we can actually measure or identify what is customer buying pattern. I don't think – we don't see anything there that alarms us in one way or another.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Okay. And China?
Marshall L. Mohr - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
China, China we sold four systems this quarter. Those systems were sold to military hospitals. The quota that we were selling to and couple of past years expired at the end of December. And we're awaiting for the government to approve a new quota. We don't have great information as to when that will occur.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Might describe the differences between military hospitals and non-military hospitals and vis-à-vis quotas.
Marshall L. Mohr - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Yeah. The quota system that we had was for public hospitals, and there is a process by which we're classified as high technology and there's a quota established by the government. It's in conjunction with their normal budget process. Their normal budget process this year has been delayed, so that's why we're not sure exactly when they'll approve that and then when we'll get a quota for it. Military hospitals buy independent of those public hospitals, and we've been selling to military hospitals all along, frankly, and have a number of placements at them.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Okay. Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Marshall L. Mohr - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Yep.
Operator
Okay. Thank you. Next question from the line of Brandon Henry of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Obviously, Intuitive has posted better than expected gross margins in the first half of the year. And I think we're all trying to figure out how sustainable that is. So could you help us try to quantify or maybe bucket into several categories, what were the drivers of the year-over-year increase in gross margins in the first half of the year for 2016 versus the first half of the year in 2015?
Calvin Darling - Senior Director-Finance, Investor Relations
Yeah. I'm not sure we can list out item by item a specific contribution, but we have been focusing obviously on reducing costs for quite some time and managing our fixed costs, and we're really pleased with the progress. We look at where we sit, six months into the year we're at 71% on a year-to-date basis, and that coincides with the upper end of the 70% to 71% guidance range. But Q2 was an exceptionally strong quarter for gross margin. And I think we wanted to leave some specific comments there.
Specifically on the product side, we would expect a higher proportion of sales of newer products, as was described in lower proportion of dual console sales, and probably more sales through distributors at lower pricing and lower margins. And I think I already mentioned previously, on the service side, we had some real benefits on the scope exchange in the second quarter, which are unlikely to continue in the second half.

Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Okay. And then separately – I think you guys mentioned some slight slowing in prostatectomy growth in 2Q. Can you give us some more details on this comment and kind of discuss what's implied for prostatectomy growth in the updated guidance range? Are we now through the bolus of patients that previously deferred treatment? Thanks.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director
Hey, Brandon. It's tough to know where exactly you are with the patient population that may have deferred treatment. What we saw in the quarter was just a slight slowing of growth from what we saw in the first quarter and the second half of 2015, or frankly all throughout 2015. How much of that is associated with having worked through any potential bolus that may be out there is difficult to predict, though, I think as you've heard us say a few times in the past, over time we do expect that prostatectomy volumes are likely to return towards the rate of diagnoses, and our recent history and the recent growth rates we've seen in 2015 or the first half of 2016, we believe, exceed that growth rate.
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
Okay. Thank you. And the next question from the line of Rick Wise of Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Good afternoon, everybody. Let me start off with procedures again. I just wanted to make sure I understood the comment about the second half procedure growth slowing. Yes, I see that comps are modestly tougher. Is it something about OUS? Is it the urology sort of recovery, if you will, slowing? Can you just help us better understand your thinking there?
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director
Hey, Rick. Yeah, you mentioned the growth rate comparisons get a little harder in the second half of the year. The mature procedure contributions that we saw in the first half of the year we don't think will be as strong in the second half of the year. We continue to expect and we'll continue to drive growth in U.S. general surgery and in our overseas markets in urology and early stage of urgent procedures.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Okay. Back on gross margin. Clearly, it sounds from your comments that Table Motion adoption, which has been, in your words, well received, has been one factor helping margins. Where are we in sort of the penetration of the installed base, I mean, 3% converted? 50%? And, is this a tailwind now – leaving aside all of the other moving factors, is this a positive tailwind now for a year or two or three?
Calvin Darling - Senior Director-Finance, Investor Relations
Yeah, I don't think I want to get into specific units on this. We're really pleased with the progress we're making and the strong market response from the customers. I think Marshall mentioned in his script we had $6 million of revenue attributable to Table Motion. It was roughly split 50/50 between new installations and systems in the field. So, again, it was a strong quarter, but I think we'll see how it heads.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
The history of selling back into the installed base rather than new installs is that you have a few quarters of strong performance and then it tends to tail off. Folks who are going to be interested in it tend to move forward quickly. And then mostly it will be a go forward, so you can look at the history to sort of give you a guide as to how much that is.
Calvin Darling - Senior Director-Finance, Investor Relations
Yeah. And we do have roughly around 750 or so da Vinci Xis out in the world at this point in time, and we've made some progress on that. There's still some more out there.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Got you. And just one last one for you, Gary, if I could. At SAGES this year, it was very clear that Intuitive's messaging around looking at total procedure cost in the hospital for robotics and how much economic sense it made – robotics makes, when I listen to the looming competition from Medtronic at their Analyst Day and your friends at Verb, they're very focused on lowering per procedure robotic costs to, it seems like, in their words, laparoscopic levels. How do you react, how do you deal, how do you compete with that approach given their entrenched instrument capabilities and will your new platforms address that per procedure cost aspect of positioning you to better address some of these factors? Thanks so much.

Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. I think the first thing of some of the messaging coming out around opportunities on price, on per procedure price, I think there's a big challenge for new entrants there, which is what benefit do you bring at which price point? So I think you're going to have to show benefit over laparoscopy, what can be done that lap can't do? And that's going to require some innovation and some technology, and that technology is going to have to be paid for. So I think over time, folks are going to have to come out and show what it is that they plan to do to make that happen.
As we look at it, I do think there are opportunities for Intuitive to manage different price pints. We have already in terms of our capital line, and it's also true in our instrument line and we can continue to do that. So I think customers will have choice, and the choice will be at what price point do they want to enter and what benefit and value do they find at that price point. Intuitive will offer multiple price points. We will give them that opportunity. We have already and we will continue to. And what value they find at what price point will be their decision. And there's so far been really just one or two companies who have been out there having those conversations and driving it. I think we understand it reasonably well.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Appreciate the (54:51) perspective, Gary.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Next question, please.
Operator
One moment. And the next question is from the line of Tao Levy of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. Your utilization per system in the U.S. keeps on hitting new highs. And so I'm just wondering, where is the increase in capacity that the hospitals are finding? Where is that coming from? Are they utilizing the workweek schedules a little bit more effectively versus in prior years?
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Hey, Tao.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Hey.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I think it's more than one thing for me. One is we're seeing health systems, integrated delivery networks, optimizing the placement of their products and optimizing the flow of patients and surgeons around that product. And so that's kind of an operational efficiency at the hospital level or health system level that has been driving it, and I think it's great. It's been great for our customers and we support it. I think that the second thing is that some of the new procedure categories we're coming into allow for higher volume of procedures and sign up single sites, so more repeatable, shorter durations give you higher utilization, just kind of the nature of the mix of product that's coming in.
And lastly, I think in some of the markets we're seeing referral consolidations. So low-volume surgeons are referring to higher-volume surgeons, essentially passing patients to those who do more, and that also drives up utilization. So there are kind of multiple factors there that have supported the growth. I don't know that it goes on forever. I don't think there's infinite growth in utilization possible, but so far, so good.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Got you. And then just lastly, the percent of your applicable procedures that are currently using the robotic vessel sealer or stapler, do you have sort of a rough metric of where that stands today that you can share?
Calvin Darling - Senior Director-Finance, Investor Relations
Yeah. Hey, Tao. Certainly, we have seen growth in our vessel sealer and stapler adoption each quarter over the past few years and particularly in procedures where there's a high value associated with using those, whether it be in colorectal resections, even in some gynecologic procedures with vessel sealers. There's still a lot of runway left. And in particular, as you think about the wide reloads that are only available on our Xi, and as the Xi installed base becomes larger, opening up more opportunities for those to be used in thoracic procedures, there's going to be plenty of runway ahead as the installed base continues to move towards our newest technology.

Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
You don't have like a procedure – I'm sorry, a percent that you can share just to get a sense of how long that runway is?
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Not at this time.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Okay.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Operator, we'll take one more question from one more questioner and...
Operator
Okay. Thank you. Okay. And the next question is from the line of Richard Newitter of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Rich S. Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC
Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just had a quick one, a follow-up on your Table Motion. It sounds like that product is certainly graining traction, and I was just curious to know, is this feature being used in the way that you would have expected it to? And what I'd really like to know is do you think, or can you tell us what procedures or new incremental procedures does this potentially open for you or could you begin to see it open up where you aren't already being used today? Thank you.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. I think that early experience has been that it's well received, particularly by multi-quadrant general surgeons, which is really where Xi was positioned and one of the big motivations for Table Motion. As frequently happens in this space, something that's a fundamental capability that's good in one place tends to have application in others, and I suspect we'll see that. And as we get more data on it, we're happy to share it with you.
Gary S. Guthart - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That was our last question. As we said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flows during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and
I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. I thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery. And we look forward to talking with you again in three months. Thank you.
Operator
Okay. Thank you. That concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Medical Appliances & Equipment, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ISRG TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksIronwood Will Press On In The Good Fight Against GERDIRWD• Yesterday, 5:26 PM • Long Term BioMannKind: Afrezza Scripts Stable At A Bit Above 300 - Will Ads Help?MNKD• Yesterday, 4:15 PM • Spencer Osborne•18 CommentsIgnyta Lights The FireRXDX• Yesterday, 3:28 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentWhy Ironwood's IW-3718 Is 'Refluxing' Into A Sea Of RedIRWD• Yesterday, 2:32 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•7 CommentsNovartis's Q2 Results: Encouraging Signals Fully Reflected In ValuationNVS• Yesterday, 2:17 PM • HealthBlogger2 Small Oncology Stocks That Could Rally Through Year-EndRXDX, TGTX• Yesterday, 1:23 PM • Bret Jensen•9 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 14: Updates And A Ninth PositionCBAY• Yesterday, 1:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•2 CommentsTrevena (TRVN) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTRVN• Yesterday, 1:09 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is A Defensive Stock And Should Be In All Portfolios, Income Or GrowthJNJ• Yesterday, 12:17 PM • William Stamm•13 CommentsTesaro's Stock Dip Is Nothing To Be Afraid OfTSRO• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Kevin McAdamsUnited Therapeutics Losing The Crown Jewels; 20% EPS Downgrades AheadUTHR• Yesterday, 10:32 AM • World's Greatest•8 CommentsAn Endocrinologist Explains Her View Of Tymlos And The Osteoporosis LandscapeRDUS• Yesterday, 10:20 AM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsSirukumab's Panel And U.S. Decision For Medicines CompanyMDCO, JNJ, GSK• Yesterday, 10:18 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAchaogen EscalatesAKAO• Yesterday, 10:03 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsMedtronic's Diabetes Segment Generating ExcitementMDT• Yesterday, 8:37 AM • The Non-Consensus•5 CommentsGilead Has Another Ace Up Its SleeveGILD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:22 PM • Long Term Bio•51 CommentsMedtronic: A Dividend Aristocrat With Double-Digit Payout Growth PotentialMDT• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:19 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Television Ad Debuts; What Investors Need To KnowMNKD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:02 PM • Spencer Osborne•97 CommentsProtalix Is Undervalued With Upcoming CatalystsPLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:50 PM • Jesse Donovan•43 CommentsTitan Pharmaceuticals: Just Be PatientTTNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:30 PM • Matthew Burdeshaw•11 CommentsQuidel To Acquire Triage Assets From Alere DivestitureQDEL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:34 PM • Donovan JonesCymaBay Therapeutics' Strong Cash Raise Points To Near-Term UpsideCBAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:56 PM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsVivus Settlement Could Clue In Orexigen InvestorsOREX, VVUS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:41 PM • Spencer OsborneIronwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) IW-3718 Phase IIb Clinical Trial Results - SlideshowIRWD• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:59 PM • SA TranscriptsAerie Pharmaceuticals (AERI) Roclatan Mercury 1 Phase 3 12-month Topline Results - SlideshowAERI• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:56 PM • SA TranscriptsIs The FDA Biotech's Best Friend?BDSI, ENDP, FOLD• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:54 AM • Bret Jensen•24 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•35 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 20, 2017AMGN, RDHL, VRTX• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•5 CommentsFonar's medical diagnostic centers are delivering great returnsFONR• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:43 AM • Blue Tower Asset Management, LLC•4 CommentsRaise After Raise: Sarepta Shares Are Still A BuySRPT• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:08 AM • Jonathan Faison•15 CommentsBecton, Dickinson In The Garden PortfolioBDX• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:03 AM • DJ Habig•9 CommentsSpark Therapeutics: Let The PDUFA Run-Up CommenceONCE• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:06 AM • Jonathan Faison•3 CommentsNovartis Will Hit $100 This YearNVS• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:40 PM • Individual Trader•9 CommentsAimmune Banks On Food Allergies, Study Expected To Show Positive ResultsAIMT• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:06 PM • Emerging EquitiesJohnson & Johnson's Weakness Worries MeJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:05 PM • Josh Arnold•12 CommentsUpcoming Soliris Catalyst Offers Hope For Battered Alexion StockALXN• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:59 PM • Emerging Equities•4 CommentsGilead Sciences' Shares Just Answered The QuestionGILD• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:34 PM • James Brumley•60 CommentsAt a 52 Week High, Can United Health Group Go Higher?UNH• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:21 PM • Jeremy LaKosh•9 CommentsInnovation Pharmaceuticals Stock May Be A Triple-Crown Winner With Brilacidin By Year EndIPIX• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:14 PM • KarinCA•56 CommentsJohnson & Johnson: This Market Will Buy AnythingJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:01 PM • Stone Fox Capital•33 CommentsAddus HomeCare: Weathering The Health Care MaelstromADUS• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:49 PM • Underanalyzed EquitiesAn Irrational Reaction To TherapeuticsMD's News ReleaseTXMD• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:46 PM • Zheng Feng Chee•28 CommentsVertex Eyes The Treble In Cystic FibrosisVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:27 PM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsFDA's Flashing Green Light Boosts Novel Drug ApprovalsGILD, PBYI, AZN• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:09 PM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsCempra: Are We There Yet?Editors' Pick • CEMP• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:57 PM • StrategyDoc•80 CommentsImmunogen Finally Moving 'FORWARD'?IMGN• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:51 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentVertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) Phase 1 And 2 Data For Triple Combination Regimens Demonstrate Improvements In Lung Function And Other Measures In CF PaVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:30 PM • SA TranscriptsJ&J: Some Good News, But Here's Why It's Dropped A Level Or TwoJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:56 PM • DoctoRx•51 CommentsCymaBay Phase 2 Liver Data Is A Great Buy OpportunityCBAY• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:53 AM • Long Term Bio•4 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 13: Updates And A Regulatory Runup PlayALBO, ZGNX, STDY• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:01 AM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsPuma Wins FDA Approval: New Hope For HER2-Positive Breast Cancer PatientsPBYI• Wed, Jul. 19, 10:35 AM • Long Term Bio•1 CommentBeiGene: This China-Based Biotech Continues To SurpriseBGNE• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:53 AM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsInsmed (INSM) Investor Presentation - SlideshowINSM• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:24 AM • SA TranscriptsRisk-Adjusted Net Present Value For Arbutus BiopharmaABUS• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:45 AM • Oscar CarrascosaGilead At 30: Re-Entry TimeGILD• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:34 AM • Out of Ignorance•60 CommentsValeant Pharmaceuticals: Becoming A Better Buy?VRX• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:28 AM • Orthodox Investor•72 CommentsVertex Pharmaceuticals Looks To Push The EnvelopeVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:14 AM • Long Term Bio•5 CommentsCalyxt Inc.: Regulatory Hurdles Keep Us Cautious On This (Otherwise Exciting) IPOCLXT• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:29 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsKala Pharmaceuticals Looks Promising Ahead Of IPOKALA• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:25 PM • Don Dion•6 CommentsChaos At AstraZenecaAZN• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:23 PM • Derek Lowe•12 CommentsMallinckrodt: A Crowded Short Where The Bear Thesis Is Falling ApartMNK• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:18 PM • One Other Fool•28 CommentsTake Profits On GileadGILD• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:52 PM • Giovanni DiMauro•82 CommentsHerbalife: A Viable ShortHLF• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:08 PM • Brian Sanders•124 CommentsWhy Keeping Up With FDA Approvals Could Help Your Stock Portfolio - Slingshot Insights' Joe McCann's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • RDUS• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:55 PM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsNektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Updates On Topline Results of Oral Human Abuse Potential (NKTR-181) - SlideshowNKTR• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:38 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentQuidel (QDEL) Updates On Acquisition Of Alere's Triage (ALR) Assets - SlideshowQDEL, ALR• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:26 PM • SA TranscriptsCymabay Therapeutics (CBAY) Seladelpar Phase 2 Low Dose Study In PBC - SlideshowCBAY• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:13 PM • SA TranscriptsInvestors Waiting In BioLineRxBLRX• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:58 PM • Strong Bio•5 CommentsNovartis AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNVS• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:57 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is DeliveringJNJ• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•13 CommentsEiger Biopharmaceuticals: Can This $10 Biotech Stock Continue To Rally?EIGR• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:30 PM • Bret Jensen•2 CommentsBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Update On Approximately $5 CytosorbentsCRSP, CTSO, EDIT• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:58 AM • Bret Jensen•5 CommentsAmgen Receives CRL For Osteoporosis Drug: What's The Next Step?AMGN• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:55 AM • Long Term Bio•9 CommentsHTG Molecular Diagnostics Has Its Own NicheHTGM• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:33 AM • Thomas Pangia•6 CommentsUnited Therapeutics: Shareholders Profitably UnitedUTHR• Tue, Jul. 18, 10:50 AM • Strong Bio•4 Comments123456...467Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Metso Corporation's (MXTOF) CEO Matti Kähkönen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MXTOF•
      Sat, Jul. 22, 12:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ingenico Group's (INGIF) CEO Philippe Lazare on Acquisition of Bambora & Q2 2017 Trading Update (Transcript)


INGIF•
      Fri, Jul. 21, 10:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danske Bank's (DNSKF) CEO Thomas Borgen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DNSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cinedigm (CIDM) Cinedigm Bison Agreement Conference (Transcript)


CIDM•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Alliance Bancorporation's (WAL) CEO Robert Sarver on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mobile Mini's (MINI) CEO Erik Olsson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MINI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Givaudan's (GVDNY) CEO Gilles Andrier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GVDNY•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MB Financial's (MBFI) CEO Mitchell Feiger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBFI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cementos Pacasmayo's (CPAC) CEO Humberto Nadal on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPAC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sensient Technologies' (SXT) CEO Paul Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXT•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moody's (MCO) CEO Raymond McDaniel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCO•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regions Financial's (RF) CEO Grayson Hall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Accell Group (ACGPF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACGPF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Del Frisco's Restaurant Group's (DFRG) CEO Norman Abdallah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFRG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Volaris Aviation's (VLRS) CEO Enrique Beltranena on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VLRS•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



McClatchy's (MNI) CEO Craig Forman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MNI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Badger Meter's (BMI) CEO Rich Meeusen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OFG Bancorp's (OFG) CEO Jose Rafael Fernandez on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Electric's (GE) CEO Jeff Immelt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GE•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•7 Comments 



Husky's (HUSKF) CEO Rob Peabody on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Glacier Bancorp's (GBCI) CEO Randall Chesler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GBCI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Honeywell International's (HON) CEO Darius Adamczyk on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HON•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



CoBiz Financial's (COBZ) CEO Steve Bangert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COBZ•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ameris Bancorp's (ABCB) CEO Edwin Hortman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ABCB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior's (BLX) CEO Rubens Amaral On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLX•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Citizens Financial Group's (CFG) CEO Bruce Van Saun on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kansas City Southern's (KSU) CEO Patrick Ottensmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KSU•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntington Bancshares' (HBAN) CEO Steve Steinour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HBAN•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Equity Bancshares' (EQBK) CEO Brad Elliott on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQBK•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4430Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
 



Affymetrix Appoints Gary Guthart to Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Affymetrix Appoints Gary Guthart to Board of Directors






May 11, 2009 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Affymetrix Inc., (Nasdaq:AFFX) announced today that Gary S. Guthart, 
      Ph.D., President and Chief Operating Officer of Intuitive Surgical, has 
      been elected to the company’s board of directors.
    


      “We are pleased to add Gary Guthart to the company’s board,” said Steve 
      P.A. Fodor, Ph.D., founder and executive chairman of Affymetrix. “His 
      track record of operational strength, strategic vision and innovative 
      leadership at Intuitive Surgical will be highly valuable as we 
      re-engineer the company’s technology platform and enter new high-growth 
      markets.”
    

      “For the past 17 years, Affymetrix has worked to enable breakthroughs in 
      genetic analysis,” said Gary Guthart. “I am excited to be a part of this 
      pioneering company, which continues to accelerate scientific research 
      and the advancement of medical care.”
    

      Dr. Guthart joined Intuitive Surgical in April 1996, was named Chief 
      Operating Officer in 2006, and was promoted to President in 2007. Prior 
      to joining Intuitive Surgical, Dr. Guthart was part of the core team 
      developing foundation technology for computer enhanced-surgery at SRI 
      International (formally Stanford Research Institute). While at SRI, he 
      also developed technologies for vibration and acoustic control of 
      large-scale systems.
    

About Affymetrix


      Affymetrix GeneChip® microarray technology is the 
      industry-standard tool for analyzing complex genetic information. After 
      inventing microarray technology in the late 1980s, Affymetrix scientists 
      have been dedicated to developing innovative products that provide 
      researchers with a more complete view of the genome. These products 
      continue to accelerate genetic research. They enable scientists to 
      develop diagnostics which may support the tailoring of treatments for 
      patients by identifying and measuring the genetic information associated 
      with complex diseases.
    

      Today, Affymetrix technology is used by the world’s top pharmaceutical, 
      diagnostic and biotechnology companies, as well as leading academic, 
      government and not-for-profit research institutes. More than 1,800 
      systems have been shipped around the world and more than 17,000 
      peer-reviewed papers have been published using the technology.
    

      Affymetrix is headquartered in Santa Clara, Calif., and has 
      manufacturing facilities in Cleveland, Ohio, and Singapore. The company 
      has about 1,100 employees worldwide and maintains sales and distribution 
      operations across Europe and Asia. For more information about 
      Affymetrix, please visit the company’s website at www.affymetrix.com.
    

Forward-looking Statements


      All statements in this press release that are not historical are 
      “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the 
      Securities Exchange Act as amended, including statements regarding 
      Affymetrix’ “expectations,” “beliefs,” “hopes,” “intentions,” 
      “strategies” or the like. Such statements are subject to risks and 
      uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially for 
      Affymetrix from those projected, including, but not limited to: risks 
      and uncertainties relating to commercial success of the agreement 
      discussed in this press release; risks of the company’s ability to 
      achieve and sustain higher levels of revenue, higher gross margins and 
      reduced operating expenses; uncertainties related to technological 
      approaches, manufacturing and product development; personnel retention; 
      uncertainties related to cost and pricing of Affymetrix products; 
      dependence on collaborative partners; uncertainties related to 
      sole-source suppliers; risks associated with past and future 
      acquisitions; uncertainties relating to FDA and other regulatory 
      approvals; competition; risks relating to intellectual property of 
      others and the uncertainties of patent protection and litigation. These 
      and other risk factors are discussed in Affymetrix’ Form 10-K for the 
      year ended December 31, 2008, and other SEC reports, including its 
      Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for subsequent quarterly periods. 
      Affymetrix expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release 
      publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements 
      contained herein to reflect any change in Affymetrix’ expectations with 
      regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on 
      which any such statements are based.
    

      NOTE: Affymetrix, the Affymetrix logo and GeneChip® are 
      registered trademarks owned or used by Affymetrix Inc.
    




Contacts

Affymetrix Inc.Justin O’Kelly, 408-731-5991 (Media)Public 
      Relations ManagerDoug Farrell, 408-731-5285 (Investors)Vice 
      President, Investor Relations
    



















Contacts

Affymetrix Inc.Justin O’Kelly, 408-731-5991 (Media)Public 
      Relations ManagerDoug Farrell, 408-731-5285 (Investors)Vice 
      President, Investor Relations
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 



Gary Guthart, Senior Vice President, Product Operations, Intuitive Surgical, Inc. | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Gary Guthart


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Gary Guthart

Alias or nickname



Senior Vice President, Product Operations, Intuitive Surgical, Inc.




Sunnyvale, CA




Find other people named Gary Guthart




General Info


Manufacturing



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D.
President& Chief Operating Officer
 Dr. Guthart joined Intuitive Surgical, Inc. in April 1996 and became Vice President, Engineering in November 1999. He was promoted to Sr. Vice President, Product Operations in January 2002. Previously, Dr. Guthart was part of the core team developing foundation technology for computer enhanced-surgery at SRI International (formally Stanford Research Institute). While at SRI, he also developed technologies for vibration and acoustic control of large-scale systems. Upon receiving his doctorate degree from the California Institute of Technology, he was honored with the Richard Bruce Chapman Memorial Award. In addition, Dr. Guthart received a BS in Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley, where he graduated magna cum laude and an MS and Ph.D. in Engineering Science from the California Institute of Technology.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Gary Gutharts on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



www.intuitivesurgical.com



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Intuitive Surgical, Inc.

Senior Vice President, Product Operations





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Intuitive Surgical, Inc.








John Hill

Sr. Dir. Materials









Colin Morales

Sr. Director Worldwide Customer Support









Richard Iacovoni

Director, Training & Organization Development; <<FS Candidate Profile & Interview Questions.doc>>









Steve Annen

Director, Product Management









Don Chamberlain

Mgr, IS Business Applications









Paul Kaluzniak

Manufacturing Manager, Instruments/CMI Products









Ken Evans

Area Sales Manager









Jeff Mcloughlin

Director, Marketing Communications









Heather Rider

Vice President, Human Resources
















Created on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 







Edited on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

40%




Industry




Career




Summary




Website/Blog




Add a Video



Add a Social Network



Add 3 Achievements



Add a Photo



Add 3 Notable Links



Add Education



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1000dd9de1" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/gary-guthart-3e1429c09e597c1000dd9de1">Gary Guthart</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Gary.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More


   Gary Guthart | Intuitive Surgical , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com








Gary S. Guthart Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Intuitive Surgical, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gary S. Guthart Ph.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Intuitive Surgical, Inc.


Past
To view Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															University of California - Berkeley


														 M.S., 
															California Institute of Technology


														 Ph.D., 
															California Institute of Technology


Age
51

 
 


Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s Biography



Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D. joined Intuitive Surgical in April 1996. In July 2007, Dr. Guthart was promoted to President and in January 2010, he was appointed as Chief Executive Officer. Prior to that, in February 2006, Dr. Guthart assumed the role of Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining Intuitive, Dr. Guthart was part of the core team developing foundation technology for computer enhanced-surgery at SRI International (formerly Stanford Research Institute). Dr. Guthart served as a member of the Board of Directors of Affymetrix, Inc. from May 2009 until its acquisition by Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. in March 2016. He received a B.S. in Engin ...
(Read More)

			Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D. joined Intuitive Surgical in April 1996. In July 2007, Dr. Guthart was promoted to President and in January 2010, he was appointed as Chief Executive Officer. Prior to that, in February 2006, Dr. Guthart assumed the role of Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining Intuitive, Dr. Guthart was part of the core team developing foundation technology for computer enhanced-surgery at SRI International (formerly Stanford Research Institute). Dr. Guthart served as a member of the Board of Directors of Affymetrix, Inc. from May 2009 until its acquisition by Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. in March 2016. He received a B.S. in Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley and an M.S. and a Ph.D. in Engineering Science from the California Institute of Technology. 
Dr. Guthart brings to the Board business, operating, financial, and scientific experience. His service as the Chief Executive Officer of Intuitive Surgical enables the Board to perform its oversight function with the benefits of management's perspectives on the business.
		
Source: Intuitive Surgical, Inc. on 03/03/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gary S. Guthart Ph.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.


















Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s Connections (62)





Sign up now to view Gary S. Guthart Ph.D.'s 62 connections »









Amal M. Johnson
Board Member, Mellanox Technologies, Ltd.









Marshall L. Mohr
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Intuitive Surgical, Inc.









Augusto V. Castello
Former Senior Vice President, Product Operations, Intuitive Surgical, Inc.









Susan K. Barnes
Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc.









Lonnie M. Smith
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Board Member, Intuitive Surgical, Inc.









Michael A. Friedman
Board Member, Celgene Corporation









Eric H. Halvorson
Former Board Member, Salem Media Group, Inc.









James A. Lawrence
Board Member, Avnet, Inc.









George Stalk
Former Board Member, Intuitive Surgical, Inc.









David J. Rosa
Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Intuitive Surgical, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Dr. Gary S. Guthart | Search Net Worth of Celebrities




















































 
 








Search Net WorthFind out celebrities, rappers, athletes, professionals, politicians, businessman net worth













Top 100

Top List
Top 10 richest in US
Top 10 Richest Rappers
Top 10 Richest Royals
Top 10 Richest Teen Celebrities
Top 10 Richest Women


Athletes

Baseball
Boxers
Footballers
NBA
NFL
Soccer
Tennis
wrestlers
MMA
Race Car
Skate
Coaches


Businessmen

Billionaires
CEOs
Executives
Criminals
Designers
Wall Street
Producers
Lawyers
Companies


Celebrities

Actors
Authors
Producers
Comedians
Directors
Models
Rappers
Rock Stars
Politicians

Democrats
Presidents
Republicans
Royals
Sheiks


Singers


News

Celebrities Real Estate


Galleries
 







 












									Currently viewing the tag: 					"dr. gary s. guthart"











 






Dr. Gary S. Guthart
· In Businessmen 



Read more...




Gary S Guthart Net Worth is 20.1 $Million. Gary S Guthart Net Worth is 20.1 $Million. ...Read more about dr. gary s. guthartGary S Guthart Latest News



Atria Investments LLC Increases Stake in Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG)
In other Intuitive Surgical news, CEO Gary S. Guthart sold 18,775 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, April 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $810.33, for a total transaction of $15,213,945.75. Following the completion of the ...
Posted: July 12, 2017, 5:00 pm

Intuitive Shares rise in wake of solid Q2 beat
During the quarter we expanded our systems’ product line, while offering hospitals increasing economic flexibility to establish or expand their robotics programs,” CEO Dr. Gary Guthart said in ... used by the company’s flagship da Vinci Xi system.
Posted: July 21, 2017, 7:54 am

Affymetrix Appoints Gary Guthart to Board of Directors
SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Affymetrix Inc., (Nasdaq:AFFX) announced today that Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Operating Officer of Intuitive Surgical, has been elected to the company’s board of directors. “We are pleased to add ...
Posted: May 11, 2009, 2:00 am

Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Continues to Hold Position in Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG)
Also, CEO Gary S. Guthart sold 18,775 shares of Intuitive Surgical stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, April 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $810.33, for a total transaction of $15,213,945.75. Following the completion of the ...
Posted: July 13, 2017, 5:00 pm

Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Reduces Position in Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG)
The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $868.06. In other Intuitive Surgical news, CEO Gary S. Guthart sold 18,775 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 21st. The stock was ...
Posted: July 14, 2017, 5:00 pm

Related Topics: Dr. Gary S. Guthart, Dr. Gary S. Guthart Ph.d, Gary S Guthart, Gary S Guthart Age, Gary S Guthart Bio, Gary S Guthart Country, Gary S Guthart Date Of Birth, Gary S Guthart Earnings, Gary S Guthart Ethnicity, Gary S Guthart Gossips, Gary S Guthart Height, Gary S Guthart History, Gary S Guthart Home Town, Gary S Guthart Images, Gary S Guthart Income, Gary S Guthart Job, Gary S Guthart Nationality, Gary S Guthart Net Worth, Gary S Guthart Networth, Gary S Guthart News, Gary S Guthart Partner, Gary S Guthart Place Of Birth, Gary S Guthart Rumors, Gary S Guthart Salary, Gary S Guthart Secrets, Gary S Guthart Videos, Gary S Guthart Weight, Gary S. Guthardt Ph.d, Gary S. Guthart Ph.d, How Much Is Gary S Guthart Earnings, How Much Is Gary S Guthart Income, How Much Is Gary S Guthart Net Worth, How Much Is Gary S Guthart Salary, How Much Is Gary S Guthart Worth, Who Is Gary S Guthart,  













Add Widgets (Content Sidebar)
This is your Content Sidebar. Edit this content that appears here in the widgets panel by adding or removing widgets in the Content Sidebar area.
			












 Top 10 Richest in US
Top 10 Richest Rappers
Top 10 Richest Royals
Top 10 Richest Teens
Top 10 Richest Women
THE RICHESTS
Featured Posts









 


















Featured People











 






 




 











 
 
 








					Search Net Worth				



Latest Posts
Top Players
Content Feedback Form
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact us


© 2013 SearchNetWorth.com
Email: info@searchnetworth.com	





































ISRG Gary S. Guthart Insider Trades for Intuitive Surgical Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Intuitive Surgical Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ISRG
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Intuitive Surgical Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 7:48 p.m.


ISRG

/quotes/zigman/90651/composite


$
925.00




Change

-2.47
-0.27%

Volume
Volume 25,848
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/90651/composite
Previous close

$
			971.73
		


$
				927.47
			
Change

-44.26
-4.55%





Day low
Day high
$925.70
$967.97










52 week low
52 week high

            $610.71
        

            $974.66
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Gary S. Guthart



Dr. Gary S. Guthart is Independent Director at Affymetrix, Inc. and President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Intuitive Surgical, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Affymetrix, Inc. and Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of California, Berkeley, a graduate degree from the California Institute of Technology, and a doctorate degree from the California Institute of Technology.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/21/2017
18,775


 
Disposition at $810.33 per share.


15,213,946


04/21/2017
25,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $303.27 per share.


7,581,750


02/21/2017
327


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017
625


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/17/2017
453


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/17/2017
867


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/16/2017
554


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/16/2017
1,125


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


12/14/2016
75


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/14/2016
75


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


11/07/2016
13,515


 
Disposition at $680.68 per share.


9,199,391


11/07/2016
17,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $112.66 per share.


1,971,550


08/01/2016
13,400


 
Disposition at $698 per share.


9,353,200


08/01/2016
17,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $112.66 per share.


1,971,550


02/18/2016
235


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/18/2016
625


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/17/2016
326


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/17/2016
867


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


07/27/2015
17,255


 
Disposition at $541.98 per share.


9,351,865


07/27/2015
25,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $106.69 per share.


2,667,250


06/08/2015
17,840


 
Disposition at $492.16 per share.


8,780,135


06/08/2015
25,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $106.69 per share.


2,667,250


02/18/2015
327


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $512.86 per share.


167,706


02/18/2015
625


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/09/2015
7,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $47.86 per share.


335,020


12/15/2014
250


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


02/06/2014
743


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $18.5 per share.


13,745


01/25/2013
2,000


 
Disposition at $577.57 per share.


1,155,140


01/25/2013
2,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $18.5 per share.


37,000


01/25/2013
1,000


 
Disposition at $578.07 per share.


578,070


01/25/2013
1,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $47.86 per share.


47,860


01/25/2013
1,500


 
Disposition at $577.67 per share.


866,505


01/25/2013
1,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $47.86 per share.


71,790


10/22/2012
2,000


 
Disposition at $544.48 per share.


1,088,960


10/22/2012
2,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $18.5 per share.


37,000


10/22/2012
1,000


 
Disposition at $545.63 per share.


545,630


10/22/2012
1,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $47.86 per share.


47,860


10/22/2012
1,500


 
Disposition at $542.98 per share.


814,470


10/22/2012
1,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $47.86 per share.


71,790


07/26/2012
1,500


 
Disposition at $490 per share.


735,000


07/26/2012
1,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $47.86 per share.


71,790


07/24/2012
2,000


 
Disposition at $473.47 per share.


946,940


07/24/2012
2,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $18.5 per share.


37,000





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Gary S. Guthart 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Marshall L. Mohr 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Myriam J. Curet 
Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Glenn  Vavoso 
Senior VP-Global Commercial Operations




Dr. Brian  Miller 
Senior Vice President-Systems & Vision




Mr. Colin  Morales 
Senior VP-Secondary Market Equipment & Service




Mr. Salvatore J. Brogna 
Executive Vice President-Product Operations




Mr. Patrick  Clingan 
Finance Director




Mr. David J. Rosa 
Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Mark J. Meltzer 
Chief Compliance Officer, SVP & General Counsel




Dr. David S. Stoffel 
Vice President-Marketing & Business Development




Mr. Mark  Johnson 
Senior Vice President-Regulatory & Quality




Mr. Jamie E. Samath 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Ms. Paige A. Bischoff 
Vice President-Global Public Affairs




Mr. Craig  Child 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Lonnie M. Smith 
Chairman




Mr. Keith R. Leonard 
Independent Director




Dr. Michael A. Friedman 
Independent Director




Ms. Amal M. Johnson 
Independent Director




Dr. Craig H. Barratt 
Independent Director




Dr. Alan J. Levy 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Mark J. Rubash 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:42 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































