

Bernard Gutmann, Semiconductor Components Indust LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



















Feedback





Bernard Gutmann

Exec VP/CFO/Treasurer,
Semiconductor Components Indust LLC







Website:
www.onsemi.com






Corporate Information
Address:

5005 East McDowell Road
Phoenix, AZ 85008
United States


Phone:
1-602-244-6600


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.onsemi.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data































Bernard Gutman: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:02 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Products & Patents Ltd.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Bernard   Gutman  President, Products & Patents Ltd.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships90--
Background

		Mr. Bernard Gutman serves as President of Products & Patents Ltd. Mr. Gutman has extensive experience in business management, marketing and various aspects of financing projects. He has taken companies from the idea and concept stage and successfully brought them public. Mr. Gutman founded National Vitamin Corp., and served as its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. Mr. Gutman founded, Products & Patents Ltd. and served as its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. ... He was founder, Chief Executive Officer and chairman of the board of Phaseout of America, Inc. Mr. Gutman served as Chairman of Genesis Electronics Group, Inc. (formerly, Pricester.com) since April 2004 and also served as its Chief Operating Officer. He serves as Chairman of eTech Money, Inc. From 1955 to 1978, Mr. Gutman was Chairman of Delco Corporation, a publicly-held corporation engaged in the home improvement business. Mr. Gutman was awarded the Corporate Leadership Award from Cancer Care in 1996 “For personifying the spirit of people in business who energetically bridge the gap between the business community and human services”.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
140 BroadwayLynbrook, New York 11563United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Chairman of the BoardeTech Money, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Genesis Electronics Group, Inc.eTech Money, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Products & Patents Ltd., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Services | Gutman, Bernard L Whippany, NJ 07981 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeOptometrists near Whippany, NJGutman, Bernard LServicesGutman, Bernard L831 State Route 10, Whippany, NJ 07981(973) 887-5523View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishPhysicians OphthalmologistsEye ExamA professional eye exam is critical for early detection of vision and eye problems. A child's first eye exam at 3 years of age provides a baseline for comparison to future back-to-school exams, which should be annually through age 18.Laser Eye SurgeryGeneral PractitionersPrimary CareQuality eyecare and personal attention are our focus at B & B Eye Care. We are a family optometry practice that prides itself on the individual care and attention we provide all of our patients. Your entire family is welcome at B & B Eye Care. We are located in Whippany, NJ and our focus includes primary care optometry and contact lenses.Send to PhoneGutman, Bernard L831 State Route 10, Whippany, NJ 07981(973) 887-5523Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailGutman, Bernard L831 State Route 10, Whippany, NJ 07981(973) 887-5523Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



Bernard Gutmann














 






















Download Agreement

IMPORTANT - READ BEFORE DOWNLOADING, COPYING, INSTALLING, OR USING.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD, COPY, INSTALL, OR USE THIS CONTENT UNTIL YOU (THE
"LICENSEE") HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS. BY
DOWNLOADING, COPYING, INSTALLING, OR USING THE CONTENT, YOU AGREE TO THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO SO AGREE, DO NOT
DOWNLOAD, COPY, INSTALL, OR USE THE CONTENT.
If you agree to this Agreement on behalf of a company, you represent and warrant that you have authority to bind such company to this Agreement, and your agreement to these terms will be regarded as the agreement of such company. In that event, "Licensee" herein refers to such company.  This Agreement is a legal contract between Licensee and Semiconductor Components Industries, LLC a Delaware limited liability company (d/b/a ON Semiconductor) having its principal place of business at 5005 E. McDowell Road, Phoenix,  Arizona  85008, U.S.A., ("ON SEMICONDUCTOR") and its affiliates and subsidiaries ("ON Semiconductor").
1.  Delivery of Content.  Licensee agrees that it has received a copy of the Content, including Software (i.e. human-readable and editable code ("source code"), executable code ("object code")), data sheets, BOMs, schematics, application notes, design & development tools, evaluation board material (i.e. BOM, Gerber, user manual, schematic, test procedures, etc.), design models, reference designs, reference manuals, and other related material (collectively the "Content") for the purpose of enabling Licensee to use the Content and then incorporate the functionality of such Content for use only with ON Semiconductor Products. Licensee agrees that the delivery of any Software does not constitute a sale and the Software is only licensed.
2.  License. 2.1  License Grant.
a)  ON Semiconductor hereby grants to Licensee a fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable and  non-sublicensable license  to  modify  the  Software  as  necessary  to enable Licensee’s products ("Licensee Products") utilizing the Software to operate, or interface with only products sold to Licensee by or on behalf of ON Semiconductor ("ON Semiconductor Products").
b)  In addition, ON Semiconductor hereby grants to Licensee a fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to: (i) use the Content, including as modified by Licensee, with Licensee Products solely for the purpose of enabling such Licensee Products to operate or interface with only ON Semiconductor Products; (ii) copy the Content as necessary for such use; and (iii) distribute only the Software and modified Software in a format which is executable by a machine and not human-readable, to Licensee's third party end-user customers ("Customer(s)") for use by such Customers strictly in conjunction with Licensee Products and solely for the purpose of enabling such Licensee Products to operate or interface with ON Semiconductor Products.
c)  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no license or right of any kind is granted herein by ON Semiconductor (or its licensors/suppliers) to Licensee to disclose, distribute or otherwise provide the Content, Software or Modifications (defined below) in a format which is customarily read and edited by humans to Licensee's customers or to any third party, with the sole exception of Licensee's consultants and subcontractors (i) that have a need to have access to such source code for purposes of the license grant of this Agreement, and (ii) that have entered into a written confidentiality agreement ("NDA") with Licensee specifying that such source code is ON Semiconductor confidential information and preventing unauthorized use or disclosure of such source code.d)  Licensee agrees that it shall not take any actions whatsoever that could or would cause the Content, Software, or Modifications or any portion thereof to become subject to the GNU General Public License (GPL), GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), Mozilla Public License (MPL), Artistic License, Apache License, Q Public License, IBM Public License, or any other open source license requiring the distribution of the Software or Modifications or any part thereof in any code format.
e)  In the event Licensee makes modifications to the Software made by or on behalf of Licensee (each a "Modification"); Licensee shall notify ON Semiconductor of any Modifications and provide ON Semiconductor with a source code formatted copy of each such Modification within thirty (30) days of making such Modifications. ON Semiconductor shall own any Modifications to the Software.
f)  Licensee shall retain, and shall require each Customer to retain, all copyright and other notices within the Content, Software and Modifications developed by Licensee hereunder.
g)  Licensee may only distribute the Software or Modifications to its Customers pursuant to a written license agreement.  At a minimum such license agreement shall safeguard ON Semiconductor's ownership rights to the Software. Such license agreement may be a "break-the-seal" or "click-to-accept" license agreement.
h)  The Content is licensed for use only with the ON Semiconductor Products.  Use of the Content with non-ON Semiconductor Products is not licensed hereunder.
2.2	Ownership; No Implied Licenses. Subject to the licenses expressly granted herein by ON Semiconductor to Licensee, ON Semiconductor (and/or its licensors/suppliers) retains all rights, title and interest in and to the Content and all patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and all other proprietary or intellectual rights therein. ON Semiconductor (and/or its licensors/suppliers) reserves all rights not expressly granted hereunder, and there are no implied licenses granted by ON Semiconductor hereunder. Certain elements of the Content may be provided in files/data formatted for use with or by certain third party software/tools/products. No licenses or rights to any such third party software/tools/products are granted to Licensee by ON Semiconductor. Licensee shall ensure that it has obtained all necessary licenses and rights to use any such third party software/tools/products which are necessary in order to utilize the Content.
2.3	Restrictions. Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, Licensee shall not use, modify, copy or distribute the Content or Modifications. The Content is the confidential information of ON Semiconductor (and/or its licensors/suppliers). Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, Licensee shall not disclose, or allow access to, the Content or Modifications to any third party. Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, Licensee shall not itself and shall restrict Customers from: copying, modifying, creating derivative work of, decompiling, disassembling or reverse-engineering the Content (or any part thereof).
2.4 Licensee acknowledges and agrees that Licensee is solely and wholly responsible and liable for any and all Modifications, Licensee Products, and any and all other products and/or services of Licensee, including without limitation,  with respect to the installation, manufacturing, testing, distribution, use, support and/or maintenance of any of the foregoing.  3.	Warranty Disclaimer. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED BY ON SEMICONDUCTOR TO LICENSEE HEREUNDER "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, ON SEMICONDUCTOR (AND ITS LICENSORS/SUPPLIERS) HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES IN RELATION TO THE CONTENT, ANY MODIFICATIONS, OR THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE,INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND THOSE ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, TRADE USAGE, TRADE CUSTOM OR TRADE PRACTICE.
4.	No Support Obligation. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that ON Semiconductor (and its licensors/suppliers) has no and shall have no obligation or responsibility whatsoever under this Agreement to provide to Licensee, Customers, or any third party, any maintenance, support or assistance ("Support"), including without limitation in relation to the Content, Software, Modifications or Licensee Products, and ON Semiconductor (and its licensors/suppliers) cannot and shall not be held liable or responsible to Licensee, Customers, or any third party for the failure to provide any such Support. However, during the term of this Agreement ON Semiconductor may from time-to-time in its sole discretion provide such Support to Licensee, and provision of same shall not create nor impose any future obligation on ON Semiconductor to provide any such Support. Such Support may include provision by ON Semiconductor to Licensee of updates and/or upgrades to the Content, which may include bug fixes and/or error corrections, and any such updates and/or upgrades to the Software provided by ON Semiconductor to Licensee shall be deemed and considered to be the Software hereunder and shall be governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Licensee  is  and  shall  be  solely  responsible  and  liable  for  any Modifications and for any Licensee Products, and for testing the Software, Modifications and Licensee Products, and for testing and implementation of the functionality of the Software and Modifications with the Licensee Products.
5. Term and Termination.
5.1	Term. The term of this agreement is perpetual unless terminated by ON Semiconductor as set forth herein.
5.2	Termination by ON Semiconductor. ON Semiconductor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Licensee if: (i) Licensee commits a material breach of this Agreement and does not cure or remedy such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice of such breach from ON Semiconductor; or (ii) Licensee uses the Software outside of the scope of the Agreement; or iii) Licensee becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary petition in bankruptcy or any proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation, or composition for the benefit of creditors if such petition or proceeding is not dismissed with prejudice within sixty (60) days after filing.
5.3	Effect of Termination/Expiration. The following Sections of this Agreement shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason: 2.1(e), 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9 and 10 (excluding only the record retention obligations and audit rights set forth in Section 11.6, which obligations and rights shall terminate upon termination of the Agreement). Any Content or Modifications distributed by Licensee to Customers pursuant to Section 2.1(b)(iii) of this Agreement prior to the effective date of such termination or expiration of this Agreement, shall not be effected solely by reason of such termination or expiration of this Agreement. Upon the effective date of termination of this Agreement, all licenses granted to Licensee hereunder shall terminate and Licensee shall cease all use, copying, modification and distribution of the Content and shall promptly either destroy or return to ON Semiconductor all copies of the Content in Licensee's possession or under Licensee's control. Within 30 days after the termination of the Agreement, Licensee shall furnish a statement certifying that all Content and related documentation have been destroyed or returned to ON Semiconductor.
6. Export. Licensee agrees that it shall comply fully with all relevant and applicable export laws and regulations of the United States or foreign governments ("Export Laws") to ensure that neither the Content, nor any direct product thereof is: (i) exported directly or indirectly, in violation of Export Laws; or (ii) intended to be used for any purposes prohibited by the Export Laws, including without limitation nuclear, chemical or biological weapons proliferation.
 7.	Limitation of Liability. ON SEMICONDUCTOR (AND ITS LICENSORS/SUPPLIERS) SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES OR ANY LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY LOST REVENUE OR PROFITS OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL OR ECONOMIC LOSS, OR FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SOFTWARE, MODIFICATIONS, OR THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY, TO THE FULL EXTENT SUCH MAY BE DISCLAIMED BY LAW. ON SEMICONDUCTOR'S TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL COSTS, DAMAGES, CLAIMS, INDEMNIFICABLE CLAIMS, OR LOSSES WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR PRODUCTS SUPPLIED BY THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT PAID BY LICENSEE TO ON SEMICONDUCTOR FOR THE CONTENT TO WHICH LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARE CLAIMED.
8. Indemnification. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that Licensee is solely and wholly responsible and liable for any and all Modifications, Licensee Products, and any and all of Licensee's Products other products and/or services, including without limitation, with respect to the installation, manufacturing, testing, distribution, use, support and/or maintenance of any of the foregoing. Licensee shall, at Licensee's sole expense, defend, indemnify and hold harmless ON Semiconductor and its subsidiaries and affiliates from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, and proceedings ("Claim(s)"), and all related damages, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), arising from, related to or in connection with Modifications, Licensee Products, and the Content in combination with Modifications and/or Licensee Products, including without limitation, in relation to product liability or infringement of third party rights. ON Semiconductor shall: (a) notify Licensee promptly upon learning of such a Claim; (b) give Licensee reasonable information and assistance regarding such Claim; and (c) tender to Licensee authority to direct the defense of such Claim, including negotiation of any settlement in relation thereto, provided however that Licensee shall not enter into any such settlement without ON Semiconductor's express prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
9.	Publicity. Licensee agrees that it shall not issue any press releases containing, nor advertise, reference, reproduce, use or display, ON Semiconductor's name or any ON Semiconductor trademark without ON Semiconductor's express prior written consent in each instance; provided, however, that Licensee may indicate that the Licensee Product is interoperable with ON Semiconductor Products in product documentation and collateral material for the Licensee Product.
10.	Performance Comparisons. Licensee shall not distribute externally or disclose to any Customer or to any third party any reports or statements that directly compare the speed, functionality or other performance results or characteristics of the Software with any similar third party products without the express prior written consent of ON Semiconductor in each instance; provided, however, that Licensee may disclose such reports or statements to Licensee's consultants (i) that have a need to have access to such reports or statements for purposes of the license grant of this Agreement, and (ii) that have entered into a written confidentiality agreement with Licensee no less restrictive than that certain NDA.
11. Miscellaneous.
11.1	Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, and applicable U.S. federal law, without giving effect to conflict of law or to choice of law principles, and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, if applicable.
11.2	Assignment.  Neither this Agreement, nor any of the rights or obligations herein, may be assigned or transferred by Licensee without the express prior written consent of ON Semiconductor, and any attempt to do so in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns.
11.3	Limitations on Use. The Software is not designed, developed, licensed or provided for use in connection with any nuclear facility, or in connection with the flight, navigation or communication of aircraft or ground support equipment, or in connection with military or medical equipment/applications or activities, or any other inherently dangerous or high risk equipment/applications or activities ("High Risk Use"). Licensee agrees that ON Semiconductor (and its licensors/suppliers) shall not be liable or responsible for any claims, losses, demands, costs, expenses or liabilities whatsoever arising from or in relation to any such High Risk Use of the Content, Software, Modifications or Licensee Products by Licensee or Customers.
11.4	Severability; Waiver. Any provision of this Agreement which is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be severed from this Agreement and ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. Failure by either party hereto to enforce any term of this Agreement shall not be held a waiver of such term nor prevent enforcement of such term thereafter, unless and to the extent expressly set forth in a writing signed by the party charged with such waiver.
11.5	Remedies Not Exclusive. The remedies herein are not exclusive, but rather are cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available to ON Semiconductor.
11.6	Records; Audit. Licensee agrees that it shall maintain accurate and complete records relating to its activities under Section 2.1(b)(iii) of this Agreement during the term of this Agreement. Upon reasonable advance written notice, ON Semiconductor shall have the right no more frequently than once in any 12 month period during the term of the Agreement, through an independent third party approved by Licensee in writing (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), to examine and audit such records and Licensee's compliance with the terms of Section 2.1(b)(iii) of this Agreement. Any such audit shall not interfere with the ordinary business operations of Licensee and shall be conducted at the expense of ON Semiconductor. All reports, documents, materials and other information collected or prepared during an audit shall be deemed to be the confidential information of Licensee ("Licensee Confidential Information"), and ON Semiconductor shall protect the confidentiality of all Licensee Confidential Information; provided that, such Licensee Confidential Information shall not be disclosed to any third parties with the sole exception of the independent third party auditor approved by Licensee in writing, and its permitted use shall be restricted to the purposes of the audit rights described in this Section 11.6.
11.7	No Joint Venture, Agency, etc. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, agency, partnership, trust or other similar association of any kind between the parties hereto. The parties hereto are for all purposes of this Agreement independent contractors, and neither shall hold itself out as having any authority to act as an agent or partner of the other party, or in any way bind or commit the other party to any obligations.
11.8	Interpretation. In this Agreement, words importing a singular number only shall include the plural and vice versa, and section numbers and headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation hereof.
11.9	Entire Agreement; Amendment; Counterparts; Facsimile Copies. This Agreement, including the Exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other agreements, understandings, promises, representations or discussions, written or oral, between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by an authorized representative of each of the parties hereto. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Each party hereto may deliver an executed copy of this Agreement to the other party via facsimile or other electronic means, and such executed copy(ies) sent/received via facsimile or other electronic means shall be deemed an original and binding copy.
12.	Confidentiality. Notwithstanding any terms to the contrary in any non-disclosure agreements between the Parties, Licensee shall treat this Agreement and the Content as ON Semiconductor's "Confidential Information" including: not using the Confidential Information except as expressly set forth herein or otherwise authorized in writing; implementing reasonable procedures to prohibit the disclosure, unauthorized duplication, misuse  or removal  of the Confidential  Information; and not  disclosing the Confidential Information to any third party except as may be necessary and required in connection with the rights and obligations under this Agreement and subject to confidentiality obligations at least as protective as those set forth herein, or as otherwise required by law. It is expressly understood that all Confidential Information transferred hereunder, and all copies, modifications, and derivatives thereof, will remain the property of ON Semiconductor, and the Licensee is authorized to use those materials only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement or upon written request, License shall either return all Confidential Information to ON Semiconductor along with all copies and/or derivatives made, including that on computer databases and copies of portions of the Confidential Information, or destroy all such Confidential Information and certify by written memorandum that all such Confidential Information has been destroyed.

Nothing contained in this Agreement limits a party from filing a truthful complaint, or the party's ability to communicate directly to, or otherwise participate in either: (i) any investigation or proceeding with a United States government agency alleging a securities law violation, waste, fraud, or abuse; or (ii) an investigation or proceeding that is protected under a whistleblower provision of a U.S. federal law or regulation.





Your request has been submitted for approval.Please allow 2-5 business days for a response.You will receive an email when your request is approved.



        Request for this document already exists and is waiting for approval.























 简体中文 
 | 
 日本語 
 | 
 Русский 














 



                                                        Products












 

Product Taxonomy




Product Services




New Products














Connectivity, Custom, and SoC









» 
Audio/Video ASSP






                    Audio ASSP (15)





                    Audio DSP Systems (15)





                    Audiology DSP Systems (7)





                    Display Controllers (5)





                    LCD Drivers (33)





                    MMICs (6)





                    Video Conditioning (21)





» 
Connectivity






                    Wired Transceivers & Modems (45)





                    Wireless Transceivers (18)





» 
SoC, SiP, & Custom Products






                    System-in-Package 





                    System-on-Chip 





                    ASIC Technology 





                    FPGA-to-ASIC Conversion 





                    Custom Image Sensors 





                    ASIC-to-ASIC Conversion 





                    Integrated Passive Devices 





» 
Custom Foundry Services






                    External  Intellectual Property 





                    Manufacturing Processes 















Sensors









» 
Image Sensors & Processors






                    Image Processors (8)





                    Image Sensor Modules (5)





                    Image Sensors (139)





» 
Light & Touch Sensors






                    Ambient Light Sensors (11)





                    Touch Sensors (6)





                    MEMs Motion Sensors (1)





» 
Thermal Management






                    Fan Controllers (13)





                    Temperature Sensors (23)





» 
Battery-Free Wireless Sensors






                    Battery Free Wireless Sensor Tags (2) 















Power Management









» 
AC-DC Controllers & Regulators






                    Offline Controllers (81)





                    Offline Regulators (106)





                    Power Factor Controllers (42)





                    Secondary Side Controllers (11)





» 
DC-DC Controllers, Converters, & Regulators






                    Battery Charge Controllers (20)





                    Charge Pumps (6)





                    Controllers (195)





                    Converters (191)





                    DDR Termination Regulators (10)





                    Linear Voltage Regulators (405)





» 
LED Drivers






                    AC-DC LED Drivers (58)





                    DC-DC LED Drivers (35)





                    Linear LED Drivers (59)





» 
Motor and Load Drivers






                    Integrated Driver & MOSFET (15)





                    Load / Relay Drivers (36)





                    MOSFET / IGBT Drivers (137)





                    Motor Drivers, Brushed (24)





                    Motor Drivers, Brushless (105)





                    Motor Drivers, Stepper (98)





» 
Power Modules






                    Intelligent Power Modules (IPMs) (134)





                    Power Integrated Modules (PIMs) (9)





» 
Voltage & Current Management






                    Battery Fuel Gauges (4)





                    Current Protection (19)





                    Load Switches (129)





                    Voltage Protection (22)





                    Voltage References (34)





                    Voltage Supervisors (51)















Analog, Logic, & Timing









» 
Amplifiers & Comparators






                    Operational Amplifiers (111)





                    Comparators (47)





                    Current Sense Amplifiers (7)





                    Audio Amplifiers (35)





                    Video Amplifiers (8)





» 
Clock Generation






                    Crystal Oscillators (XO & VCXO) (6)





                    Phase / Frequency Detectors (5)





                    PLL Clock Generators (31)





                    Spread Spectrum EMI Reduction Clocks (24)





                    Voltage Controlled Oscillators (VCOs) (2)





                    Zero Delay Buffers (10)





» 
Clock & Data Distribution






                    Arithmetic Functions (40)





                    Drivers & Fanout Buffers (147)





                    Flip-Flops, Latches & Registers (43)





                    Logic Gates (30)





                    Multiplexers & Crosspoint Switches (44)





                    Serial / Parallel Converters (4)





                    Skew Management (8)





                    Translators (48)





» 
Interfaces






                    Analog Switches (228)





                    Analog-to-Digital Converters (ADC) (1)





                    Digital Potentiometers (POTs) (35)





                    GFCI Controllers (9)





                    Smart Card & SIM Card Interfaces (8)





                    Serializers / Deserializers (29)





                    USB Type-C (10)





» 
Memory






                    EEPROM Memory (103)





                    Flash Memory (17)





                    SRAM Memory (6)





» 
Microcontrollers






                    Application Specific Microcontrollers (25)





                    General Purpose Microcontrollers (35)





» 
Standard Logic






                    Arithmetic Functions (39)





                    Buffers (269)





                    Bus Transceivers (51)





                    Flip-Flops (83)





                    I / O Expanders (7)





                    Latches & Registers (80)





                    Logic Gates (320)





                    Multiplexers (84)





                    Translators (63)















Discrete









» 
Bipolar Transistors






                    Audio Transistors (96)





                    Digital Transistors (BRTs) (370)





                    Darlington Transistors (121)





                    General Purpose and Low VCE(sat) Transistors (996)





» 
Diodes & Rectifiers






                    PIN Diodes (7)





                    Rectifiers (496)





                    Schottky Diodes & Schottky Rectifiers (529)





                    Small Signal Switching Diodes (176)





                    Tuning Diodes (8)





                    Zener Diodes (742)





                    High Frequency Diodes (15)





                    Silicon Carbide (SIC) Diodes (17)





» 
IGBTs & FETs






                    IGBTs (249)





                    JFETs (80)





                    MOSFETs (2416)





                    Protected MOSFETs (22)





» 
ESD, EMI, & Surge Protection






                    ESD Protection Diodes (228)





                    EMI Filters (68)





                    Transient Voltage Suppressors (TVS) (345)





» 
Tunable Components






                    Passive Tunable Integrated Circuits (PTICs) (9)





                    PTIC Controllers (5)















Optoelectronics









» 
IGBT/MOSFET Gate Drivers






                    IGBT / MOSFET Gate Drivers (17)





» 
TRIAC Driver Optocouplers






                    TRIAC Drivers (40)





» 
Phototransistor Optocouplers






                    Isolated Error Amplifier (6)





                    Photo Darlington Output (13)





                    Phototransistor Output - DC Sensing Input (69)





                    Phototransistor Output - AC Sensing Input (7)





» 
High Performance Optocouplers






                    High Speed Logic Gate (22)





                    High Performance Transistor (22)





                    Low Voltage, High Performance (12)





                    Specific Function (5)





» 
Infrared






                    Photo Sensors (8)





                    Emitting Diodes (8)





                    Photo Sensor - Transistors (10)





                    Reflective Sensors (3)

























 



                                                        Applications








››
Medical








››
Automotive








››
Computing & Peripherals








››
Motor Control








››
LED Lighting








››
Industrial








››
Consumer








››
Aerospace & Defense Applications








››
Circuit Protection








››
Power Supply








››
Portable & Wireless








››
Networking & Telecommunications








››
Interactive Block Diagrams












 



                                                        Tools








››
Design Resources & Documents








››
Technical Support








››
Blog








››
GreenPoint® Design Tool












 



                                                        About












 

Company




Investor Relations




Contact Us




Quality




Careers











››
Fact Sheet






››
Social Responsibility






››
Intellectual Property








››
History






››
Leadership






››
Awards








››
News Center






››
Environmental Health & Safety








››
Events






››
Global Locations
















 



                        MyON


















Search




XREF




Options







Search Help - View Website Search Video Tutorial 




AND - Results contain both words.
Example: controllers AND converters

OR - Results contain either of the words.
Example: controllers OR converters

Phrase Search ( " " ) - Results contain exact words in that exact order.
Example: "npn bipolar transistor"


Fill in the Blanks - Wildcard ( * ) - Results contain various forms of words sharing common roots or stems. The symbol (*) represents additional letters or
                                                                                    characters
Example: "NCP*"


Exclude Terms ( - ) - Results do not contain the term immediately following it (do not add a space after the -).
Example: "npn -pnp"


Search Exactly As Is ( + ) - Results contain the exact term immediately following it (do not add a space after the +).
Example: "npn +pnp"



































Login ID:



Password:





Forgot Password




 





Remember my login








Login


Register


















Feedback







Rate this webpage




Need Support?

Technical Support


























Company 












            Fact Sheet 












            History 











News Center 











News Center 












            In The News 












            Press Releases 











Image Gallery 












            AC-DC Controllers & Regulators 












            Amplifiers & Comparators 












            Audio / Video ASSP 












            Battery-Free Wireless Sensors 












            Clock & Data Distribution 












            Clock Generation 












            Connectivity 












            DC-DC Controllers, Converters, & Regulators 












            Diodes & Rectifiers 












            ESD, EMI, & Surge Protection 












            IGBTs & FETs 












            Image Sensors & Processors 












            Interfaces 












            LED Drivers 












            Light & Touch Sensors 












            Memory 












            Microcontrollers 












            Motor and Load Drivers 












            Power Modules 












            Tunable Components 












            Voltage & Current Management 












            Others 














            Media Contacts 












            Mobile App 












            Events 












            Blog 
















            Events 











Social Responsibility 











Community 












            Global Corporate Giving Grant 














            Conflict Minerals Report 












            Corporate Governance / Ethics 












            Conflict Minerals Policy 












            Environment 












            Intellectual Property 












            Rare Earth Mineral Position 












            Slavery & Human Trafficking Policy Statement 












            Social Responsibility Statement 












            Sustainability 













Leadership 












            Keith D. Jackson 












            George H. Cave 












            Bernard Gutmann 












            William A. Schromm 












            Paul Rolls 












            Robert A. Klosterboer 












            William M. Hall 












            Tobin Cookman 












            Taner Ozcelik 












            Mamoon Rashid 












            Hans Stork 












            Curtis J. Crawford, Ph.D. 












            Emmanuel T. Hernandez 












            Paul A. Mascarenas 












            Atsushi Abe 












            Daryl A. Ostrander 












            Gilles Delfassy 












            Alan Campbell 












            Teresa M. Ressel 














            Environmental Health & Safety 











Global Locations 












            Locate Sales Support 











Europe 












            Oudenaarde, Belgium 












            Brno, Czech Republic 











Roznov, Czech Republic 












            Roznov - Czech version 














            Munich, Germany 












            Limerick, Ireland 












            Bucharest, Romania 











Bratislava, Slovak Republic 












            ONMIST 















Americas 












            Lindon, USA 












            Burlington, Canada 












            Austin, USA 












            East Greenwich, USA 












            Gresham, USA 












            Phoenix, USA 












            Lower Gwynedd, USA 












            Portland, USA 












            Pocatello, USA 












            Rochester, USA 












            Santa Clara, USA 












            Nampa, ID USA 













Asia Pacific 












            Leshan, China 












            Shanghai, China 












            Shenzhen, China 












            Bangalore, India 












            Gunma,  Japan 












            Niigata, Japan 












            Seoul, Korea 












            Tokyo, Japan 












            ISMF,  Malaysia 












            Seremban, Malaysia 












            Binh Duong Province, Vietnam 












            Carmona, Philippines 












            Tarlac City,  Philippines 












            Dong Nai Province, Vietnam 












            Taipei, Taiwan 
















            Intellectual Property 












            Awards 














            Investor Relations 












            Contact Us 











Quality 











Quality System 












            Quality Contacts 











Certifications & Qualified Sites 












            AS 9100 Rev. C 












            ISO 13485:2003 












            C-TPAT 












            ISO 9001:2008 












            ISO 14001:2004 












            OHSAS 18001:2007 












            ISO / TS 16949:2009 












            ANSI / ESD S20.20 – 2007 / 2014 












            Category 1A Trusted Foundry, Broker & Design Accreditation 












            MIL-PRF-38535 












            ISO 26262 












            ITAR Registration 












            STACK 
















            Corporate Social Responsibility 











Environmental Programs 












            Product Stewardship Programs 












            Sustainability 












            Manufacturing Scrap Reclaim Center 












            Environmental Health & Safety 












            Green Partner Certificates 












            Take-back and Recycle Policy 















Careers 












            Welcome to ON Semiconductor 












            Search for Careers Worldwide 












            Benefits 











University Relations 












            FAQs 












            Benefits 












            Interview Tips 












            Internships 












            Job Summaries 












            Submit Your Resume 














            Recruiters and Agencies 












            Culture 












            Resume Tips 











Japan Recruitment 











オン・セミコンダクターとは 












            グローバルでのポジション 












            ONの売上推移 












            事業戦略/注力分野 












            M&Aの歴史 












            グローバル拠点/マトリクス型組織 














            人事制度・人材育成 











日本（SSG）での事業 












            日本における事業規模（システム・ソリューションズグループ） 












            システム・ソリューションズの製品および注力分野 












            法人格の説明 














            募集要項 











技術者からのメッセージ 












            アイディア×ものづくり|パッケージ技術開発 












            きっと世界を変えられる|設計・開発(アナログ・デジタル) 












            文化の違いが武器になる|プロセス技術開発 












            世の中に貢献する技術|半導体ソフトウェア開発 












            グローバルな製品開発|品質技術 

















Home > 
About > 
Company > 
          Leadership > 
Bernard Gutmann
Bernard Gutmann
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Bernard Gutmann brings more than 30 years of finance experience to this role, of which 13 years have been spent as a member of ON Semiconductor’s finance team. He was promoted and appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in September 2012. Before his promotion, he worked with the corporation as Vice President, Corporate Analysis & Strategy of Semiconductor Components Industry LLC (SCILLC), serving in that position from April 2006 to September 2012. Mr. Gutmann also served and continues to serve as the CFO of SANYO Semiconductor Co., Ltd. the corporation’s wholly-owned subsidiary, a position he has held since March 2011. In these roles, his responsibilities have included finance integration, financial reporting, restructuring, tax, treasury, and financial planning and analysis. From November 2002 to April 2006, Mr. Gutmann served as Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and Treasury of SCILLC. From September 1999 to November 2002, he held the position of Director, Financial Planning & Analysis of SCILLC. Prior to joining ON Semiconductor, Gutmann served in various financial positions with Motorola, Inc. from 1982 to 1999, including controller of various divisions and an off-shore wafer and backend factory, finance and accounting manager, financial planning manager and financial analyst.  He holds a Bachelor of Science in Management Engineering from Worchester Polytechnic Institute in Massachusetts (U.S.). Additionally, he is fluent in English, French, Spanish, and conversant in German.
Return to Leadership page










Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Site Map
|
Careers
|
Contact Us
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Mobile Portal
|
Mobile App



Copyright © 1999-2017 ON Semiconductor
Follow Us







































 













