

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















Web-Based System and Method for Facilitating In-Person Group Activities Having Democratic Administration by Group Members - GymLink, Inc.





























Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    Web-Based System and Method for Facilitating In-Person Group Activities Having Democratic Administration by Group Members                





                United States Patent Application 20160292648            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            A computer implemented method for facilitating in-person activities includes the steps of electronically receiving information from a user for a proposed in-person activity, electronically generating a tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity within a group feed, electronically receiving positive interest level for the tentative activity posting from users of the group feed, electronically generating an activity page for the proposed in-person activity when a predetermined number of the positive interest level is received from the users, and electronically deleting the tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity at a predetermined time if the predetermined number of the positive interest level has not been received from the users. The tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity does not permit users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity. The activity page for the proposed in-person activity permits users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity.         















Inventors:

                            Cowan, John Marshall (Bristol, TN, US)                




Application Number:

            14/674180        



Publication Date:

            10/06/2016        



Filing Date:

            03/31/2015        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            GymLink, Inc. (Bristol, TN, US)                




Primary Class:

705/7.19 




International Classes:

G06Q10/10; G06Q50/00 





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20160292648                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20060229988Card settlement method using portable electronic device having fingerprint sensorOctober, 2006Oshima et al.20080059309TARGETED PRODUCT SAMPLE DELIVERY METHODMarch, 2008Welch20080201230Internet-based method of and system for equity ownership optimization within a financial and retail marketplaceAugust, 2008Hardison20060089921Mailpiece trackingApril, 2006Witmond et al.20030069806System and method for sharing needs and information using physical entitiesApril, 2003Konomi20020128882Vehicle insurance premium calculation system, on-board apparatus, and server apparatusSeptember, 2002Nakagawa et al.20080243544FIRST-ON METHOD FOR INCREASING COMPLIANCE WITH HEALTHCARE SELF-REPORTINGOctober, 2008Cafer20080177560ID Lending system, computer-readable recording medium storing ID lending program, and ID lending methodJuly, 2008Niinomi20080195426Subscription-Based Mobile Shelter MethodAugust, 2008Moore20100036758SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR PROCESSING FEES FOR A CARDFebruary, 2010Monk20070038584Method for delivering free gift and advertisingFebruary, 2007Faris et al. 















Claims:

            What is claimed is:
                1.  A computer implemented method for facilitating in-person activities, said method comprising the steps of, in combination: electronically receiving information from a user for a proposed in-person activity; electronically generating a tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity within a group feed; wherein the tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity does not permit users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity; electronically receiving positive interest level for the tentative activity posting from users of the group feed; electronically generating an activity page for the proposed in-person activity when a predetermined number of the positive interest level is received from the users; wherein the activity page for the proposed in-person activity permits users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity; and electronically deleting the tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity at a predetermined time if the predetermined number of the positive interest level has not been received from the users.                    
                    2.  The computer implemented method of claim 1, wherein the information includes time, date, meeting place, and description of activity.                    
                    3.  The computer implemented method of claim 2, wherein the information includes activity requirements and gender restrictions.                    
                    4.  The computer implemented method of claim 1, wherein the predetermined number is 4.                    
                    5.  The computer implemented method of claim 1, further comprising the step of electronically sending a notification of generation of the activity page for the proposed in-person activity to users who sent a positive interest level for the proposed in-person activity.                    
                    6.  The computer implemented method of claim 1, wherein the predetermined time is one hour before the activity time.                    
                    7.  The computer implemented method of claim I , further comprising the step of electronically sending a notification of deletion of the activity page for the proposed in-person activity to users who sent a positive interest level for the proposed in-person activity.                    
                    8.  A system for facilitating in-person activities, said system comprising, in combination: at least one central computer having memory, a processor in communication with the memory, and a network interface in communication with the processor for communicating with mobile electronic devices; and wherein the memory comprising computer-executable instructions executable by the processor to perform the following steps: electronically receiving information from a user for a proposed in-person activity; electronically generating a tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity within a group feed; wherein the tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity does not permit users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity; electronically receiving positive interest level for the tentative activity posting from users of the group feed; electronically generating an activity page for the proposed in-person activity when a predetermined number of the positive interest level is received from the users; wherein the activity page for the proposed in-person activity permits users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity; and electronically deleting the tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity at a predetermined time if the predetermined number of the positive interest level has not been received from the users.                    
                    9.  The system of claim 8, wherein the information includes time, date, meeting place, and description of activity.                    
                    10.  The system of claim 9, wherein the information includes activity requirements and gender restrictions.                    
                    11.  The system of claim 8, wherein the predetermined number is 4.                    
                    12.  The system of claim 8, further comprising the step of electronically sending a notification of generation of the activity page for the proposed in-person activity to users who sent a positive interest level for the proposed in-person activity.                    
                    13.  The system of claim 8, wherein the predetermined time is one hour before the activity time.                    
                    14.  The system of claim 8, further comprising the step of electronically sending a notification of deletion of the activity page for the proposed in-person activity to users who sent a positive interest level for the proposed in-person activity.                    
                    15.  One or more computer-readable media storing an application for facilitating in-person activities comprising computer-executable instructions that responsive to execution cause operations to be performed comprising, in combination: electronically receiving information from a user for a proposed in-person activity; electronically generating a tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity within a group feed; wherein the tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity does not permit users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity; electronically receiving positive interest level for the tentative activity posting from users of the group feed; electronically generating an activity page for the proposed in-person activity when a predetermined number of the positive interest level is received from the users; wherein the activity page for the proposed in-person activity permits users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity; and electronically deleting the tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity at a predetermined time if the predetermined number of the positive interest level has not been received from the users.                    
                    16.  The one or more computer-readable media of claim 15, wherein the information includes time, date, meeting place, and description of activity.                    
                    17.  The one or more computer-readable media of claim 16, wherein the information includes activity requirements and gender restrictions.                    
                    18.  The one or more computer-readable media of claim 15, wherein the predetermined number is 4.                    
                    19.  The one or more computer-readable media of claim 15, further comprising the step of electronically sending a notification of generation of the activity page for the proposed in-person activity to users who sent a positive interest level for the proposed in-person activity.                    
                    20.  The one or more computer-readable media of claim 15, wherein the predetermined time is one hour before the activity time.                    




Description:

CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONSNot ApplicableSTATEMENT REGARDING FEDERALLY SPONSORED RESEARCHNot ApplicablePARTIES TO A JOINT RESEARCH AGREEMENTNot ApplicableREFERENCE TO APPENDIXNot ApplicableFIELD OF THE INVENTIONThe field of the present invention generally relates to systems and methods for facilitating in-person group activities, events or meetings and, more particularly, to such systems and methods which are web-based and at least partially have democratic administration by group members.BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTIONIn social networking, people are often interested in forming groups of people having a common interest or interests. These online groups can be used connect the online users in real life via in-person group activities.Most current online sites that facilitate groups follow a pretty simple hierarchy. The administrator(s) has absolute control in choosing the group name, choosing the group's profile picture(s), restricting who can join the group, granting permissions, deleting and/or adding content to the group page(s), scheduling group activities or events, etc. Often, if the group is large, moderators are granted restricted permissions to manage content and users of the group. Users typically have the least control over their own group, interacting with it, and one another, only on the terms of the administrator. This group system, wherein one person (or a very small group of people) has absolute control, can be referred to as an autocratic type group (although sometimes they are technically more oligarchic).U.S. Pat. No. 8,359,206, the disclosure of which is expressly incorporated herein in its entirety by reference, was issued to Meetup, Inc. and discloses an example of an autocratic type group system. While the Meetup, Inc. system gives administrators the option to have members vote on locations, agendas, times, and/or other variables when scheduling an activity, it is simply a poll of the users. The Administrator controls the voting options and ultimately makes the decision after voting is done. It is entirely up the administrators to decide whether to take into account the vote and if so, to what degree. In continuing the government systems analogies, this is a benevolent dictatorship.Additionally, for many administrators in the Meetup, Inc. system, their groups serve as a business. The Meetup, Inc. system offers the ability for administrators to charge users dues and/or fees for participating in activities or events. While this inspires hosts to put together some great experiences, it gives the service a transactional feel and may reduce the number of users that decide to participate in the activities or events.These current systems present a number of problems, the most concerning of which is an activity or event bottleneck. One administrator (or a small group of administrators) often can't create the number of activities that a large number of users need and/or want. Additionally, with one person making the decisions as to the types of activities or events added, the activities or events will likely be less varied. If you enjoy an activity but don't share the tastes of the Administrator you're out of luck. Furthermore, there is the possibility of administrators bullying users, acting in the disinterest of the group, and/or generally abusing their power.Businesses or organizations that may benefit from sponsoring online groups may elect not to be a sponsor because of concerns about these current systems. First, administration of online groups can require a substantially large amount of their staff's time, and can mandate hiring additional employees. Second, individual members gaining too much influence within the community as group administrators. Businesses and organizations certainly do not want to provide a platform that could enable someone to lead an exodus of customers or members from their business or organization.Accordingly, there is a need for improved systems and methods for electronically facilitating in-person activities that are reliable, provide a positive user experience, and/or reduce administrative costs for the sponsor.SUMMARY OF THE INVENTIONDisclosed are systems, methods, and software for facilitating in-person activities which address one or more issues of the related art as described above. Disclosed is a computer implemented method for facilitating in-person activities. The disclosed method comprises the steps of, in combination, electronically receiving information from a user for a proposed in-person activity, electronically generating a tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity within a group feed, electronically receiving positive interest level for the tentative activity posting from users of the group feed, electronically generating an activity page for the proposed in-person activity when a predetermined number of the positive interest level is received from the users, and electronically deleting the tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity at a predetermined time if the predetermined number of the positive interest level has not been received from the users. The tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity does not permit users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity. The activity page for the proposed in-person activity permits users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity.Also disclosed is a system for facilitating in-person activities comprising, in combination, at least one central computer having memory, a processor in communication with the memory, and a network interface in communication with the processor for communicating with mobile electronic devices. The memory comprises computer-executable instructions executable by the processor to perform the steps of electronically receiving information from a user for a proposed in-person activity, electronically generating a tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity within a group feed, electronically receiving positive interest level for the tentative activity posting from users of the group feed, electronically generating an activity page for the proposed in-person activity when a predetermined number of the positive interest level is received from the users, and electronically deleting the tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity at a predetermined time if the predetermined number of the positive interest level has not been received from the users. The tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity does not permit users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity. The activity page for the proposed in-person activity permits users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity.Also disclosed is one or more computer-readable media storing an application for facilitating in-person activities comprising computer-executable instructions that responsive to execution cause operations to be performed comprising, in combination, electronically receiving information from a user for a proposed in-person activity, electronically generating a tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity within a group feed, electronically receiving positive interest level for the tentative activity posting from users of the group feed, electronically generating an activity page for the proposed in-person activity when a predetermined number of the positive interest level is received from the users; and electronically deleting the tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity at a predetermined time if the predetermined number of the positive interest level has not been received from the users. The tentative activity posting for the proposed in-person activity does not permit users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity. The activity page for the proposed in-person activity permits users to electronically enroll in the proposed in-person activity.From the foregoing disclosure and the following more detailed description of various preferred embodiments it will be apparent to those skilled in the art that the present invention provides a significant advance in the technology and art of systems and methods for electronically facilitating in-person activities. Particularly significant in this regard is the potential the invention affords for providing easy to use systems and methods for electronically facilitating in-person activities that require relatively little to no administration by the sponsoring organization and provide a positive user experience. Additional features and advantages of various preferred embodiments will be better understood in view of the detailed description provided below.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGSThese and further features of the present invention will be apparent with reference to the following description and drawings.FIG. 1 is schematic view of a web-based system according to the present invention.FIG. 1A is schematic view of an exemplary user mobile device of the system of FIG. 1.FIG. 1B is schematic view of an exemplary sponsor computer of the system of FIG. 1.FIG. 1C is schematic view of an exemplary service provider server of the system of FIG. 1.FIG. 2 is front view of an exemplary user mobile device having an application displaying an exemplary user homepage or dashboard of the system of FIG. 1.FIG. 3 is a front view of the exemplary user mobile device of FIG. 2 wherein the application is displaying an exemplary recommended groups page.FIG. 4 is a front view of the exemplary user mobile device of FIGS. 2 and 3 wherein the application is displaying an exemplary individual group page.FIG. 5 is a front view of the exemplary user mobile device of FIGS. 2 to 4 wherein the application is displaying an exemplary schedule page with an aggregated schedule of upcoming events.FIG. 6 is a front view of the exemplary user mobile device of FIGS. 2 to 5 wherein the application is displaying an exemplary individual upcoming activity page.FIG. 7 is another front view of the exemplary user mobile device of FIG. 6 wherein the exemplary individual upcoming activity page is scrolled down.FIG. 8 is a block diagram illustrating an exemplary method for starting a new group of the system of FIG. 1.FIG. 9 is front view of an exemplary user mobile device having an application displaying an exemplary new group selection page of the method of FIG. 8.FIG. 10 is a block diagram illustrating an exemplary method of proposing an in-person activity for a group of the system of FIG. 1.FIG. 11 is front view of an exemplary user mobile device having an application displaying an exemplary home page with a select activity link of the method of FIG. 10.FIG. 12 is a front view of the exemplary user mobile device of FIG. 11 wherein the application is displaying an exemplary suggested activity input page.FIG. 13 is a front view of the exemplary user mobile device of FIGS. 11 and 12 wherein the application is displaying an exemplary tentative activity input page.FIG. 14 is a front view of the exemplary user mobile device of FIGS. 11 to 13 wherein the application is displaying an exemplary schedule page with an aggregated schedule of upcoming events.FIG. 15 is a front view of the exemplary user mobile device of FIGS. 11 to 14 wherein the application is displaying an exemplary individual upcoming activity page.FIG. 16 is a block diagram illustrating an exemplary method for selecting photographs for a group photograph collage of the system of FIG. 1.It should be understood that the appended drawings are not necessarily to scale, presenting a somewhat simplified representation of various preferred features illustrative of the basic principles of the invention. The specific design features of the systems as disclosed herein, including, for example, specific dimensions, orientations, locations, and shapes of the various components, will be determined in part by the particular intended application and use environment. Certain features of the illustrated embodiments have been enlarged or distorted relative to others to facilitate visualization and clear understanding. In particular, thin features may be thickened, for example, for clarity or illustration. All references to direction and position, unless otherwise indicated, refer to the orientation of the systems illustrated in the drawings.DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSED EMBODIMENTSIt will be apparent to those skilled in the art, that is, to those who have knowledge or experience in this area of technology, that many uses and design variations are possible for the systems, methods, and software for electronically facilitating in-person activities or events as disclosed herein. The following detailed discussion of various alternative and preferred embodiments will illustrate the general principles of the invention with regard to a particular embodiment. Other embodiments suitable for other applications will be apparent to those skilled in the art given the benefit of this disclosure.Referring now to the drawings, FIG. 1 illustrates a system 10 for electronically facilitating in-person group activities or events according to the present invention. The group activity or event can be any kind of activity or event where there is sufficient interest among group members or users. The illustrated system 10 includes at least one service provider server or computer 12 located at a service provider 14, at least one sponsor computer 16 located at an system or app sponsor 18, and a plurality of mobile devices or portable electronic devices 20 of group members or users 22. The term “server” is used in the specification and claims to mean a computer configured to manage, store, send and process data 24-hours a day. The term “computer” is used in the specification and claims to mean any electronic device that can suitably communicate via a computer network including, but not limited to, desktop computers, laptop computers, notebook computers, tablet computers, smart phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs), digital cameras, mp3 players, video game systems, messaging systems, video players, smart televisions, and the like. The terms “portable electronic device” and “mobile device” are used in the specification and claims to mean a handheld electronic device that utilizes rechargeable batteries as a power source and that that can suitably communicate with event system server via the computer network including, but not limited to, smart phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs), mp3 or other music players, video game players, messaging systems, tablet computers, notebook computers, and the likeThe illustrated service provider server 12, the illustrated sponsor computer 16, and the illustrated user mobile devices 20 are in electronic communication with one another via a communication system 24. The illustrated communication system 24 is a computer network such as the Internet but any other suitable communication system can alternatively be utilized such as, for example, an intranet, any other type network of computers, and the like.The illustrated service provider server or computer 12 includes memory 26, at least one processor or central processing units (CPU) 28 in communication with the memory 26, one or more input/output (IO) interfaces 30 in communication with the processor 28, and at least one network interface 32 in communication with the processor 28, all of which is configured to carry out the functions and steps described herein (best shown in FIG. 1C). The illustrated memory 26 stores data files 34, an operating system (OS) 36, host applications 38 for communications with web browsers and mobile applications, security applications 40 for limiting access to authorized users, and a database management system 42 for interfacing with databases 44 having stored information. It is noted that any other suitable information and/or software can be stored in the processor 28 and/or the memory 26. The illustrated databases 44 are separate from the service provider server or computer 12 but it is noted that the databases 44 can alternatively be integrated with the service provider server or computer 12. The illustrated databases 44 are located at the service provider 14 and/or a cloud location 46 but it is noted that the databases 44 can alternatively be located at any other suitable location and/or be of any other suitable type. The illustrated databases 44 include a transaction database and a security database but any other suitable types of databases can alternatively or additionally be utilized. The at least one processor 28 can be of any suitable type. The at least one 10 interface 30 can be of any suitable type such as a keyboard, a mouse, a track ball, a touch pad, a camera, a speaker, a monitor, a printer, a modem, a disk drive and the like. The network interface 32 can be of any suitable type such as, for example, a network interface card, software simulating a network card, and the like. The illustrated processor 28 and memory 26 are programmed with computer software for facilitating in-person activities or events including providing a web portal for interfacing with the sponsor computer 16 and the user mobile devices 22 as described in more detail hereinafter.The illustrated service provider server or computer 12 is located at the service provider 14 and can be accessed by both sponsors 18 and group members or users 22 via the communication system 24. It is noted that while the illustrated software is provided by the service provider 14 to the sponsor 18 as software as a service (SaaS), the software can alternatively be provided in other suitable manners such as provided by a sponsor server or computer 16, an activity or event location server or computer, and the like. It is also noted that while the illustrated system 10 shows a single sponsor, it should be appreciated that the service provider typically provides such SaaS services to a plurality of different sponsors in the form of businesses, organizations, and the like. It is further noted that the service provider server 12 is not necessarily physically located at physical facilities of the service provider 14. In many instances the system 10 is cloud based.The illustrated sponsor computer 16 includes memory 48, at least one processor or central processing units (CPU) 50 in communication with the memory 48, one or more input/output (10) interfaces 52 in communication with the processor 50, and at least one network interface 54 in communication with the processor 50, all of which is configured to carry out the functions and steps described herein (best shown in FIG. 1B). The illustrated memory 48 stores data files 56, an operating system (OS) 58, and a web browser 60. It is noted that any other suitable information and/or software can be stored in the processor 50 and/or memory 48. The at least one processor 50 can be of any suitable type. The at least one 10 interface 52 can be of any suitable type such as a keyboard, a mouse, a track ball, a touch pad, a camera, a speaker, a monitor, a printer, a modem, a disk drive and the like. The network interface 54 can be of any suitable type such as, for example, a network interface card, software simulating a network card, and the like. The illustrated processor 50 and memory 48 are programmed with the web browser 60 for communicating with the web portal of the service provider server 12 as described in more detail hereinafter.The illustrated sponsor computer 16 is located at the sponsor 18 such as, for example, a place of business of the sponsor 18 but it is noted that he sponsor computer 16 can be located at any other suitable location such as the activity or event location, the service provider location, and the like. It is noted that the sponsor computer 16 can be a desktop computer or a mobile computer. It is further noted that that while the illustrated system 10 shows a single sponsor computer 16, it should be appreciated that there is typically a plurality sponsor computers 16 at one or more locations.The illustrated user mobile devices 20 each include memory 62, at least one processor or central processing units (CPU) 64 in communication with the memory 62, one or more input/output (IO) interfaces 66 in communication with the processor 64, and at least one network interface 66 in communication with the processor 62, all of which is configured to carry out the functions and steps described herein (best shown in FIG. 1A). The illustrated memory 62 stores data files 70, an operating system (OS) 72, and a mobile application 74. It is noted that any other suitable information and/or software can be stored in the processor 64 and/or memory 66. The at least one processor 64 can be of any suitable type. The at least one 10 interface 66 can be of any suitable type such as a keyboard, a mouse, a track ball, a touch pad, a camera, a speaker, a touch screen, and the like. The network interface 68 can be of any suitable type such as, for example, a network interface card, software simulating a network card, and the like. The illustrated processor 64 and memory 62 are programmed with the mobile app or application 74 for communicating with the web portal of the service provider server 12 as described in more detail hereinafter. The terms “mobile app” and “mobile application” are used in the specification and claims to mean a type of application software designed to run on a mobile device to provide users with similar services to those accessed on personal computers.The illustrated user mobile devices 20 are typically physically located with the users 22, that is physically located at the activity or event during the activity or event, but it is appreciated that other than during the event (and time immediately surrounding the event), the user mobile devices 20 will likely be in other locations because the user mobile devices 20 are mobile. It is noted that that while the illustrated system 10 shows a two users 22 having mobile devices 20, it should be appreciated that there is typically more than two users 22 having mobile devices 20.The illustrated system software or web platform resides at the service provider server 12 and is accessible to the sponsor 18 via a web portal or dashboard on the sponsor computer 16 and to a user 22 via a mobile application dashboard or home page on the user's mobile device 20.FIG. 2 illustrates an exemplary user's mobile device 22 displaying the application dashboard or home page 76 on a touch screen 78 with a group feed displayed. The illustrated home page 76 displays the name of the group (“Tri-Cities Climbing”) 80 at the top of the page 76. Also displayed are links or inputs (“What's on your mind?” and “Suggest activity”) 82, 84 on the touch screen 78 that when selected or touched by the user 22 will take the user 22 to a user communication input page and a proposed in-person activity input page respectively. Below the links 82, 84, the illustrated user group home page 76 displays posted communications or posts from group users 2 from most recent to oldest. Below the posted communications 86, the illustrated user group home page 76 is a row of links or inputs (“Home”, “Schedule”, “Connect”, Messages, and “More”) 88 on the touch screen that when selected or touched by the user 22 will take the user to an associated page. The first link 90 takes the user to the home page 78 for the mobile application 74. The second link 92 takes the user to a schedule page of the mobile application 74 showing an aggregated schedule of upcoming activities or events. The third link 94 takes the user 22 to a connect page of the mobile application 74. The fourth link 96 takes the user to a message page of the mobile application 74. The fifth link 100 takes the user 22 to links to additional pages of the mobile application 74. In the illustrated embodiment, the row of links 88 is displayed at the bottom of the touch screen 76 at all times while the mobile application 74 is running. Alternatively, the row of links 88 can change based on the page displayed and/or can be located at the bottom of the pages. It is noted that the row of links 88 can alternatively have any other suitable quantity and/or type of links. It is also noted that the home page 76 can alternatively have any other suitable form.FIG. 3 illustrates an exemplary recommended groups page 100 displaying a list of groups that the user 22 may be interested in joining. Each illustrated group listing 102 includes the number of group members 104, the number of group friends 106, several photos 108 of group members, the group name 110, and the beginning of a group description 112. By selecting or touching one of the group listings 102, the user is taken to that group's individual group page. Below the listing of recommended groups, the illustrated recommended groups page displays the same row of links or inputs (“Home”, “Schedule”, “Connect”, Messages, and “More”) 88 as discussed above. It is noted that the recommended groups page 100 can alternatively have any other suitable form.FIG. 4 illustrates an exemplary individual group page 114 displaying information regarding one of the groups (“Ashville Climbing and Bouldering”) by touching or selecting the group listing 102 on the recommended group page 100 (see FIG. 3). The illustrated individual group page 114 displays the group name (“Ashville Climbing and Bouldering”) 110 near the top of the page 114 with a plurality of member selected photographs 116 located above the group name 114. The illustrated plurality of member selected photographs 116 is displayed in the form of a group photograph collage 118. The illustrated photograph collage 118 includes four of the photographs 116: a first relatively large photograph located on the left side of the touch screen 78; second and third relatively small photographs located one above the other to the right of the first photograph; and a fourth photograph sized smaller than the first photograph and larger than the second and third photographs and located on the right side of the touch screen 78. It is noted, however, that the photographs 116 can be automatically displayed in any one of a plurality of predefined patterns depending on the characteristics of the particular photographs 116 displayed. Below the collage of photographs 118 of the illustrated individual group page 118 are links or inputs (“Joined” and “invite”) 120, 122 on the touch screen 78 that when selected or touched by the user 22 will take the user to a join group page and an invite to group page, respectively. Also displayed on the illustrated individual group page 118 are the full group description 112 and a listing of upcoming group activities or events 124 that when selected or touched will take the user to an individual activity page. Each illustrated listing includes the activity date 126, the activity name 128, the activity recommending member 130, the number of attending members 132, and a link to an activity page 134. Below the listing of upcoming events or activities 124, the illustrated individual group page 114 displays the same row of links or inputs (“Home”, “Schedule”, “Connect”, Messages, and “More”) 88 as discussed above. It is noted that the individual group page 114 can alternatively have any other suitable form.FIG. 5 illustrates an exemplary schedule of activities page 136 displaying a listing of activities 138 by date which can be displayed by touching or selecting the schedule link 92. The user 22 can select a calendar day from the plurality of days 140 displayed along the top of the page 136 and any posted activities or events for that particular day will be displayed below. Each illustrated activity listing has the activity start time 142, the activity name 128, and the group name 110 of the group scheduling the activity. Below the listing of upcoming activities 138 , the illustrated schedule of activities page 136 displays the same row of links or inputs (“Home”, “Schedule”, “Connect”, Messages, and “More”) 88 as discussed above. It is noted that the schedule of activities page 136 can alternatively have any other suitable form.FIGS. 6 and 7 illustrate an exemplary individual posted activity page 144 displaying the activity name or title 128 of the posted upcoming activity (“Linville Gorge Sport Climb”). Below the activity name 128, the plurality of member selected photographs 116 is displayed. Below the collage of photographs 118 of the illustrated individual posted activity page 144, are links or inputs (“Attending” and “invite”) 146, 148 on the touch screen 78 that when selected or touched by the user will take the user to a join activity page and an invite to activity page, respectively. Also displayed on the illustrated individual posted activity page 144 are the activity date 126, activity start and finish times 142, 146, the name of the group member 130 that proposed the activity, the meeting location 148 for the activity, the total number of people attending 132 along with the number of friends attending 150 included in the total 132 and a several photographs 108 of the group members attending, a description 152 of the group activity, and any requirements 154 for the group activity such as, for example, required equipment, required skill level, and/or the like. At the bottom, the illustrated schedule of activity page 144 displays the same row of links or inputs (“Home”, “Schedule”, “Connect”, Messages, and “More”) 88 as discussed above. it is noted that the activity page 144 can alternatively have any other suitable form.FIG. 8 illustrates a flow diagram showing how a user can start a new group according to the present invention. First the user 22 indicates that they want to open a new group by selecting the suggest activity link 84 and the software displays a form 154 containing fields for entering information regarding the new group. The user defines the group type as either “Active” (centered around a physical activity) 156 or “Lifestyle” (focused on non-physical activities and hobbies including nutrition and health) 158 and then selects the interest or activity on which new group will be centered from a predetermined list 160 automatically provided to the user such as, for example, clay pigeon shooting, cycling, ice climbing, rock climbing etc. (see FIG. 9). The software then automatically determines whether there is already a group servicing the indicated interest or activity. If there is an existing group, the user 22 is notified of the redundancy and is unable to continue creating the new group. If there is not an existing group, the user 22 is notified that they are allowed to proceed with creating a new group. The user must select a “create” link or input 162 in order to confirm their desire to continue to open the new group (see FIG. 9). It is noted that the new group selection page 154 can alternatively have any other suitable form. The software then automatically references the sponsor address to add the name of the sponsor's city in the beginning of the group type to form the group name 110. For example, “Climbing” becomes “Austin Climbing”. Thus, the group name 110 is automatically generated from the name selected from the group type list 160 and the sponsor's city resulting in uniform group names 110. The group names 110 are not determined by the requesting user. The software then automatically provides a pre-assigned photo, related search tags, and group description to the database of groups, The individual group and group feed pages are then automatically created and added to the “Connect” and “home” sections of the application respectively. The requesting user is then added to the group and given basic user permissions. The requesting user can then view/join group events, invite friends, post photos/text to the dedicated group feed, and propose tentative group activities.FIG. 10 illustrates a flow diagram showing how a user 22 can propose a new group activity or event according to the present invention. First the user indicates that they want to propose a new group activity by selecting or touching the “suggest activity” link or input 84 on the group feed or home page 76 (see FIG. 11) and the software displays a form 164 containing fields for entering information regarding the proposed group activity (see FIG. 12). The illustrated fields include a description of the proposed activity 166, the date and start and finish times for the proposed group activity 168, the meeting location for the proposed group activity 170, gear and skill level requirements for the proposed group activity 172, contact information (that is optional) of the user proposing the new group activity 174. The user 22 then must select or touch a link or input (“Post”) 176 with posting the proposed group activity. It is noted that the suggested activity input page 164 can alternatively have any other suitable form.As best shown in FIG. 13, the software then automatically generates a “Tentative Activity” posting 178 which is displayed on the group feed page 76 that displays at least some of the information about the proposed group activity and also automatically generates a listing 184 on the calendar page (best shown on FIG. 14). Additional information regarding the proposed activity can be viewed on a tentative individual activity page 186 (shown in FIG. 15) which the user can go to by selecting the “show more” link. Also displayed is a link or input (“Interested”) 180 which when selected by a user 22 provides a positive level of interest in joining the tentative activity. The illustrated embodiment also displays a number 182 indicating the quantity of positive responses already received such as, for example, the number “2” shown in FIG. 13. It is noted that users 22 cannot join the tentative activity while it is posted as a tentative activity. As users 22 view the tentative activity posting and indicate any positive level of interest in the proposed group activity, the software automatically compares the current number 180 of positive level of interests received with a predetermined number of positive level of interest that automatically triggers the software to automatically create an individual activity page 144 for the new activity that can be reached via the aggregated calendar page 136. The predetermined number of positive level of interest can be any suitable number such as, for example, 4. When the individual activity page 144 is created for the new group activity, the software automatically sends a notification of the generation of the activity page for the proposed in-person activity to the users 22 who sent a positive interest level for the proposed or tentative in-person activity. These users 22, and any other users 22, can then enroll or join the newly posted group activity. It is noted that the tentative activity posting 178 can alternatively have any other suitable form.However, the software automatically deletes the tentative activity posting 178 (along with the calendar listing 184 and the tentative individual activity page 186) for the proposed in-person activity at a predetermined time if the predetermined number of the positive interest level has not been received from the users 22. The predetermined time can be any suitable time such as, for example, one hour or one day etc. prior to the propose start time for the proposed or tentative group activity. If the tentative activity posting 178 is deleted, the software automatically sends an electronic notification of the deletion of the tentative activity posting 178 to users 22 who sent a positive interest level for the proposed in-person activity and that the proposed activity will not take place.It should be appreciated from the above description that the scheduling of the new group activities is a democratic process for the group members 22. That is, a predetermined level of interest of the group members 22 determines which if any of the proposed group events are scheduled. Administrators do not make any determination as to scheduling or not scheduling group events or activities. The term “democratic is used herein to mean “control of the organization or group is by the majority and/or predetermined number of its members”.FIG. 16 illustrates a flow diagram showing a method for group members selecting photographs to be displayed in the group photograph collage 188 with a democratic process. Members of a group can post photographs 188 onto the group feed (see FIG. 2). In the illustrated embodiment, other group members can indicate a positive response to any posted photograph and can post comments to the post. The illustrated means for indicating a positive response to a posted photograph 188 is in the form of a “Like” button 190 but any other suitable means can alternatively be utilized. The illustrated embodiment also displays a number 192 indicating the quantity of positive responses received such as, for example, the number “16” shown in FIG. 2. The software automatically evaluates all posted photographs 188 and assigns each posted photograph 188 with a Popularity Score. The Popularity Score takes into account the quantity of positive responses received from group members for the photograph 188 and the age of the photograph 188 (that is, the period of time that the photograph 188 has been posted). In the illustrated embodiment, the Popularity Score is slowly downgraded or decreased overtime so that it is decreased a predetermined amount at a predetermined period of time. For example, the Popularity Score can be decreased an amount of 10% for every additional 30 days it has been posted. The software automatically selects a predetermined number of the posted photographs 188 with the highest Popularity Scores and populates the group photograph collage 118 with the highest scoring photographs 116. The illustrated predetermine number is four but any other suitable quantity of photographs can alternatively be utilized. The highest scoring photographs 116 are arranged in one of a plurality of predefined patterns depending on the characteristics of the particular photographs 116 to be displayed. The group photograph collagen 118 is displayed on the top of the group page 114 (see FIG. 4) and the top of each individual activity page 144 for the group (see FIG. 6). The illustrated software reevaluates the Popularity Scores of the posted photographs 188 every 30 days and updates the group photograph collage 188 if needed, but the Popularity Scores can alternatively be reevaluated in real time or any other suitable predetermined period of time.Any of the features or attributes of the above described embodiments and variations can be used in combination with any of the other features and attributes of the above described embodiments and variations as desired.It is apparent from the above detailed description of preferred embodiments of the present invention, that the above-disclosed systems, methods, and software are designed to electronically facilitate group activities or events while providing positive user experience and/or reducing administrative costs for the sponsor.It is also apparent from the above detailed description of preferred embodiments of the present invention, that the above-disclosed systems, methods, and software can be modified to include additional or alternative features.From the foregoing disclosure and detailed description of certain preferred embodiments, it is also apparent that various modifications, additions and other alternative embodiments are possible without departing from the true scope and spirit of the present invention. The embodiments discussed were chosen and described to provide the best illustration of the principles of the present invention and its practical application to thereby enable one of ordinary skill in the art to utilize the invention in various embodiments and with various modifications as are suited to the particular use contemplated. All such modifications and variations are within the scope of the present invention as determined by the appended claims when interpreted in accordance with the benefit to which they are fairly, legally, and equitably entitled 





 

Previous Patent: SYSTEM AND METHOD TO TRACK TIME AND ATTENDANCE OF AN INDIVIDUAL AT A WORKPLACE FOR A SCHEDULED WORKS...Next Patent: Computerized System and Method for Conditionally Sharing Calendars with Referring Providers











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












GymLink - Fitness Business e-Newsletter - Janauary 2009















 Fitness Business e-Newsletter January 2009





 

















Welcome to the January 2009 edition of the Fitness Business e-Newsletter.
 

2009 promises to be an eventful and exciting year. Amongst all the news, Virgin Active opens its first Club in the Sydney Northern Beaches with a second due to open in Melbourne's Bourke Street by the end of March 2009. Beach House Health & Fitness franchise owners re-badge under One Life with Genesis also picking up several sites including Hobart. Fenix Fitness look to expand in the Gold Coast and Melbourne. Jetts 24/7 Fitness plan 12 more sites this year including 7 in QLD. Fitness First will add another 5 sites to their ever expanding portfolio in 2009. That's great news for suppliers who will hopefully benefit from all the new sites.
 
There are currently over 100 ladies fitness facilities for sale or closing in Australia! Has the bubble burst?  
 
If you would like to contribute to the Fitness Business e-Newsletter, please email enquiries@gymlink.com.  




Want To Improve Cashflow and Save Time? Ezidebit significantly improves cashflow to businesses.
 Ezidebit offers the health and fitness industry an affordable means of collecting payments.  From individual personal trainers to gymnasiums, swim schools to sporting clubs, Ezidebit provides a cost effective solution for managing membership payments. By offering an Ezidebit regular payment option, businesses can increase their customer base, have a better chance of securing memberships on the spot, and have longer membership retention.  Ezidebit even integrates with popular fitness management software, including EzeMember, EZFacility, IntelliFITNESS, iGo Figure, and Mindbody.  
 Call 1300 763 256, or email info@ezidebit.com.au today to find out how to simplify membership fee collection and improve cashflow to your business. 
 
 






Fit-Track
Fit-Track is a new web-based fitness diary that allows both you and your clients to track fitness test results on-line. Our website enables you to centrally manage all of your fitness assessment data, and allows your clients to set targets and track their progress. Your clients can even record their own basic fitness parameters at home. Fit-Track is fun and easy to use!



No more Spreadsheets! 
No more Assessment Cards! 
No more Filing Cabinets!
Fit-Track will save you time and money, and most importantly, will help keep your clients motivated to exercise. We have over 2000 users tracking their fitness on-line...your clients will love it!



Life Fitness Australia is now online!

Gain quick and easy access to all your fitness needs! Bookmark your browsers with: www.lifefitness.com.au 
Log Service Requests online too! In order to make our customer's life easier, you can now gain direct online access to our prompt and reliable Service Department. Visit Life Fitness Product Support  
 
If you're one of our valued customers and want to be featured as a listing on our 'Who's Using Life Fitness' page, please email bmatthews@lifefitness.com.au and you will be added in January. We will also add a link to your own website.
 


Performants  
The Ordinary to Extraordinary Workshops for Personal Trainers
 
With the Fitness Industry changing in a big way, this workshop is designed to inspire Personal Trainers to progress to the next level of Professionalism and Competence. You will stand out from other Trainers as you will have a greater understanding of what you need to focus on or change to improve yourself, your business and your clients.
 
This 1 day, 8 CEC workshop is designed to (download brochure): -

Educated Personal Trainers about the importance of Customer Service 
Highlight the most important principles in a Personal Training business 
Improvise, Adapt and Overcome New and Advanced ways to train potential and new clients 
Accreditation Code 90872FA0910.


Polestars Pilates 


See the World with Polestar Pilates...in over 30 countries with over 3000 graduates. 
Polestar Pilates, since 1987, harnesses a deep understanding of true Pilates principles with curriculum emphasising the importance of self-mastery with precise movement, effective communication skills and accurate cueing techniques.  
Courses: Rehabilitation Series, Studio Series, Mat Series, Reformer / Allegro Series, Continuing Education 
Australia wide: Sydney, Brisbane, Adelaide, Melbourne, Perth, LauncestonRecognition: Pilates Alliance of Australasia, Fitness Australia, in the USA, ACE and BOC, and more globally.Registrations are open for 2009 courses across Australia, starting Feb 09.  Go to www.polestarpilates.com.au or call (02) 9977 1536. 

January Sale - 10% Off All Lead Box Kits*  

 Your local community is your No. 1 prospecting location. Place 6-12 lead boxes in door step retail outlets and tap into local lead generation for 
just over 1c per day* - cost effective marketing with superb ROI potential.     

 
*Base on a minimum life expectancy of 1 year for a Lead Box Starter Kit containing 6 x acrylic boxes, 6 x self adhesive pens and 6 x entry form pads (containing 50 entry forms each at a cost of  $413.10 (inc. GST,  ex delivery). Call 1300 854 991 to place order.





- Digital Edition -
2008-2209 
Fitness 
Suppliers Directory
 

 
View the 2008-2009 Fitness Suppliers Directory online. Interactive pages and a table of contents allow you to scroll through the directory, jump ahead, link to websites, send a direct enquiry, bookmark pages of interest, take page notes, word search by business name or product, send to a friend and more...  
 
 View Digital 2008-2009 Fitness Suppliers Directory 
 
 
 

 
Other  
 GymLink Directories... 
Fitness CoursesFitness FranchisesBusiness For Sale
 
 
  
 

Featured Articles 
from Around the World 
 

Top 10 Fitness Trends for 2009  
 
by American Council on Exercise (ACE)
 
Read More
 
 
  
 

Feature Article
 
Virgin Active Launch in Australia
 
by Octomedia
 
Read More
 
 
 

Feature Article
 
UK Fitness Franchising Boom
 
by Jo Talbot - Health Club Management
 
Read More
 
 
 
e-Newsletter Featured Clients
 
 

 
EziDebit 
 
 

 
 
Fit-Track
 
 
 

Life Fitness 
 
 

 
Polestar Pilates 
 
 

 

 
GymLink FitDeals 
 
 
 
- NEW - 
Fitness Suppliers Website
 

 
 


The website is dedicated to the fitness suppliers print directory, and the launch of the 2009-2010 edition next year. Over 30% of advertising space is already pre-booked for what will be an even bigger and better resource.
 
Contact Jenny on 1300 854 991 or email: jenny@gymlink.com.au for details on how you can save up to 20% on advertising your supplier business.







If you would like to promote your business, product or service to the GymLink Australia Fitness Business e-Newsletter subscribers and target over 7,550 fitness business owners, managers, personal trainers and key industry decision makers, contact GymLink Australia on 1300 854 991 or email enquiries@gymlink.com.au
We hope you enjoyed reading this month's edition of the Fitness Business e-Newsletter.
Healthy Regards, The GymLink Australia Team.














Email Marketing by





Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017









MacRumors Forums








































































        	Got a tip for us? Let us know


a. Send us an email
b. Anonymous form
close (x)




 
 
 
 
 
 






Front Page
Mac Blog
iOS Blog
Roundups 


AirPort
Apple Car
Apple Deals
Apple Pay
Apple Stores
Apple TV
Apple VR Project
Apple Watch Series 2
CarPlay
Displays
iMac
iOS 10
iPad Air 2
iPad mini 4 (2015)
iPad Pro
iPhone 6s
iPhone 7
iPhone 8 (2017)
iPhone SE
iPod nano
iPod shuffle
iPod touch
Mac mini
Mac Pro
MacBook
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
macOS Sierra
tvOS 10
watchOS 3


Buyer's Guide
Forums



Forums

Front Page
Roundups
Buyer's Guide
Forums



Roundups 

OS X Yosemite 
MacBook Air 
iOS 8 
Apple Watch 







Log in




Sign up

































Forum List
Trending Threads
New Threads






News and Article Discussion







13.1KThreads


MacRumors.com News Discussion 

13.1KThreads



MacRumors.com News Discussion




Latest: Florida Company Sues Apple Over Apple TV's 'What Did He Say?' Feature

I7guy,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:16 PM



RSS







3.07KThreads


Mac Blog Discussion 

3.07KThreads



Mac Blog Discussion




Latest: 'AirBar' Accessory That Gives 13-Inch MacBook Air a Touchscreen is Now Available

Unami,
Jul 28, 2017 at 11:39 AM



RSS







4.19KThreads


iOS Blog Discussion 

4.19KThreads



iOS Blog Discussion




Latest: Some Supporters of Apple's Irish Data Center Have 'Totally Lost Hope' as Final Verdict Again Delayed

DeepIn2U,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:16 PM



RSS

















iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch
Apple's personal gear









iOS

42.2KThreads



iOS


42,222Threads
548,663Messages

Sub-Forums: 8


iOS
Sub-Forums





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 11





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 10





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 9





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 8





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Older iOS Versions





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 7





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 6





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 5 and earlier










iOS



		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 11





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 10





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 9





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 8





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Older iOS Versions





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 7





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 6





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iOS 5 and earlier






Latest: iOS 11 Beta 4 multitasking screen jumps to the left spontaneously

varsityhero,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:09 PM










iPhone

225KThreads



iPhone


225,007Threads
3,334,142Messages

Sub-Forums: 4


iPhone
Sub-Forums





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone Tips, Help and Troubleshooting





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone Accessories





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone Launch Meetups








iPhone



		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone Tips, Help and Troubleshooting





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone Accessories





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone Launch Meetups




Latest: The iPhone 8 needs a glass body

rugmankc,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:17 PM










iPad

60.7KThreads



iPad


60,714Threads
957,632Messages

Sub-Forums: 3


iPad
Sub-Forums





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPad





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPad Tips, Help and Troubleshooting





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPad Accessories








iPad



		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPad





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPad Tips, Help and Troubleshooting





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPad Accessories




Latest: What is the best iPad for watching porn?

UL2RA,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:15 PM








34.5KThreads


iOS Apps 

34.5KThreads



iOS Apps




Latest: 1Password or Roboform

max2,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:50 PM



RSS







20.9KThreads


iPod touch 

20.9KThreads



iPod touch




Latest: Prepaid iPhone SE as iPod Touch?

Relentless Power,
Jul 28, 2017 at 3:16 PM



RSS







16.4KThreads


iOS Programming 

16.4KThreads



iOS Programming




Latest: How do you complete form W-8BEN (UK Citizen)

TwoBytes,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:14 AM



RSS







20.8KThreads


iPod 

20.8KThreads



iPod




Latest: My iPod Classic Has Suffered An Almost Terminal Collapse Tonight

RecentlyConverted,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:39 PM



RSS







52.7KThreads


Jailbreaks and iOS Hacks 

52.7KThreads



Jailbreaks and iOS Hacks




Latest: Any way to jailbreak my Iphone 6S Ios 10.2.1 ?

QueenTyrone,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:11 PM



RSS







6.99KThreads


Alternatives to iOS and iOS Devices 

6.99KThreads



Alternatives to iOS and iOS Devices




Latest: Android Users: How important is rooting for you

frankgrimes,
Jul 28, 2017 at 3:34 PM



RSS

















Apple Watch







14.5KThreads


Apple Watch 

14.5KThreads



Apple Watch




Latest: random sound when pressing button?

eclipse01,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:46 PM



RSS







1.54KThreads


Apple Watch Accessories 

1.54KThreads



Apple Watch Accessories




Latest: screen protector

harlenmm77,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:56 PM



RSS







868Threads


Apple Watch Apps 

868Threads



Apple Watch Apps




Latest: promo codes for Compass for Apple Watch

dalericg,
Jul 28, 2017 at 4:42 PM



RSS

















Macs









macOS

106KThreads



macOS


105,547Threads
778,216Messages

Sub-Forums: 9


macOS
Sub-Forums





		




	






	






	






	




	

		macOS





		




	






	






	






	




	

		macOS High Sierra (10.13)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		macOS Sierra (10.12)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		OS X El Capitan (10.11)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		OS X Yosemite (10.10)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		OS X Mavericks (10.9)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Older OS X Versions





		




	






	






	






	




	

		OS X Mountain Lion (10.8)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac OS X Lion (10.7)










macOS



		




	






	






	






	




	

		macOS





		




	






	






	






	




	

		macOS High Sierra (10.13)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		macOS Sierra (10.12)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		OS X El Capitan (10.11)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		OS X Yosemite (10.10)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		OS X Mavericks (10.9)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Older OS X Versions





		




	






	






	






	




	

		OS X Mountain Lion (10.8)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac OS X Lion (10.7)






Latest: Will Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare play

ElementalFrost,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:39 PM










Desktops

93.9KThreads



Desktops


93,919Threads
1,256,164Messages

Sub-Forums: 3


Desktops
Sub-Forums





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iMac





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac Pro





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac mini








Desktops



		




	






	






	






	




	

		iMac





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac Pro





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac mini




Latest: replacing operating system

UL2RA,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:17 PM










Notebooks

182KThreads



Notebooks


182,160Threads
2,171,719Messages

Sub-Forums: 3


Notebooks
Sub-Forums





		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacBook





		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacBook Pro





		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacBook Air








Notebooks



		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacBook





		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacBook Pro





		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacBook Air




Latest: Manually disable Touchbar when watching movies?

andrewtm,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:11 PM








107KThreads


Mac Apps and Mac App Store 

107KThreads



Mac Apps and Mac App Store




Latest: You MUST update to 10.12.6 IMMEDIATELY!

SteveJobzniak,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:31 PM



RSS







72.9KThreads


Mac Basics and Help 

72.9KThreads



Mac Basics and Help




Latest: EtreCheck log - frequent SBBOD

Bruno09,
Jul 28, 2017 at 12:56 PM



RSS







47.3KThreads


Buying Tips and Advice 

47.3KThreads



Buying Tips and Advice




Latest: How many of you are using eGPU? Are you happy with it?

hajime,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:56 PM



RSS







38.3KThreads


Mac Accessories 

38.3KThreads



Mac Accessories




Latest: LG UltraFine 5K - Issues/bugs

mjfutures,
Jul 28, 2017 at 12:53 PM



RSS







16.6KThreads


Mac Programming 

16.6KThreads



Mac Programming




Latest: My MP3 player written in Swift (open source, GitHub link included)

dudeslife,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:18 PM



RSS







21.5KThreads


PowerPC Macs 

21.5KThreads



PowerPC Macs




Latest: Transforming Leopard into Snow Leopard

128keaton,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:52 PM



RSS







5.69KThreads


Mac OS X Server, Xserve, and Networking 

5.69KThreads



Mac OS X Server, Xserve, and Networking




Latest: Caching server

chrfr,
Jul 28, 2017 at 2:44 PM



RSS







21.9KThreads


Windows, Linux & Others on the Mac 

21.9KThreads



Windows, Linux & Others on the Mac




Latest: Bluetooth mouse issues in Boot Camp

whiteonline,
Jul 28, 2017 at 1:04 PM



RSS







119Threads


Alternatives to Mac Hardware 

119Threads



Alternatives to Mac Hardware




Latest: Chromebox

sracer,
Jul 28, 2017 at 1:34 PM



RSS

















Apple TV







21.4KThreads


Apple TV and Home Theater 

21.4KThreads



Apple TV and Home Theater




Latest: Studios Developing "Movies Anywhere"

Rigby,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:17 PM



RSS







577Threads


Apple TV Apps 

577Threads



Apple TV Apps




Latest: ATV4: how to play classic Nintendo and Sega games!

JDM2119,
Jul 28, 2017 at 8:09 AM



RSS







31Threads


tvOS Programming 

31Threads



tvOS Programming




Latest: setting up a VPN?appletv

x-evil-x,
Jul 1, 2017



RSS

















Apple and Apple Services
Apple and third-party software (software developers: see Guidelines for Software Developers)







8.94KThreads


Apple, Inc and Tech Industry 

8.94KThreads



Apple, Inc and Tech Industry




Latest: Should we sue Apple for not allowing downgrading iOS devices?

AidenShaw,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:42 PM



RSS







12.4KThreads


Apple Music, Apple Pay, iCloud, Apple Services 

12.4KThreads



Apple Music, Apple Pay, iCloud, Apple Services




Latest: Apple Account Hacked - Locked Both Macs

propaintballa,
Jul 28, 2017 at 9:58 AM



RSS







523Threads


HomeKit, HomePod, CarPlay, Home & Auto Technology 

523Threads



HomeKit, HomePod, CarPlay, Home & Auto Technology




Latest: Android Auto vs Apple CarPlay

Tinmania,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:54 PM



RSS

















Special Interests







6.66KThreads


Design and Graphics 

6.66KThreads



Design and Graphics




Latest: Any apps like Affinity Designer and Adobe Illustrator on iPad Pro?

CatherineVeraGat,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:14 PM



RSS







6.83KThreads


Digital Audio 

6.83KThreads



Digital Audio




Latest: Can someone explain this?

DFierce,
Jul 26, 2017 at 8:04 PM



RSS







14.4KThreads


Digital Photography 

14.4KThreads



Digital Photography




Latest: Photo of the day July 2017

Keleko,
Jul 28, 2017 at 4:46 PM



RSS







15.4KThreads


Digital Video 

15.4KThreads



Digital Video




Latest: What kind of drone are you all using?

SparkFlash,
Jul 27, 2017 at 8:31 AM



RSS







2.48KThreads


Apple Collectors 

2.48KThreads



Apple Collectors




Latest: Extra cooling in LCs?

InuNacho,
Jul 27, 2017 at 10:08 AM



RSS







9.7KThreads


Web Design and Development 

9.7KThreads



Web Design and Development




Latest: Alternative to Adobe Muse

Mr Morrison,
Jul 27, 2017 at 11:42 AM



RSS







1KThreads


Distributed Computing 

1KThreads



Distributed Computing




Latest: SETI@Home Wow Event 2017

Terminate,
Jul 15, 2017



RSS







3.23KThreads


Console Games 

3.23KThreads



Console Games




Latest: The Nintendo Switch Console Thread

thadoggfather,
Jul 28, 2017 at 3:05 PM



RSS







11.6KThreads


Mac and PC Games 

11.6KThreads



Mac and PC Games




Latest: Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare

ElementalFrost,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:38 PM



RSS







827Threads


UI Customization 

827Threads



UI Customization




Latest: iPhone 6/7  Plus Wallpaper Request Thread

aznxternityd,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:17 PM



RSS

















Mac Community







31.5KThreads


Community Discussion 

31.5KThreads



Community Discussion




Latest: The Car Thread ... !

bunnspecial,
Jul 28, 2017 at 5:36 PM



RSS







3.65KThreads


Picture Gallery 

3.65KThreads



Picture Gallery




Latest: Post Your Dream Car

arggg14,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:17 PM



RSS







8.35KThreads


Current Events 

8.35KThreads



Current Events




Latest: Martin Landau RIP

Larry-K,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:07 PM



RSS







5.93KThreads


Site and Forum Feedback 

5.93KThreads



Site and Forum Feedback




Latest: What is the best iPad for watching porn?.

s15119,
Jul 28, 2017 at 1:49 PM



RSS







22.7KThreads


Politics, Religion, Social Issues 

22.7KThreads



Politics, Religion, Social Issues




Latest: Scaramucci's wife files for divorce

Gutwrench,
Jul 28, 2017 at 6:10 PM



RSS

















Archive
older posts







11.7KThreads


Wasteland 

11.7KThreads



Wasteland




Latest: Next gen iPhone required

Donfor39,
Jul 26, 2017 at 11:51 PM



RSS







139KThreads


Archives of Old Posts 

139KThreads



Archives of Old Posts


Sub-Forums: 37


Archives of Old Posts
Sub-Forums





		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacRumors News Discussion (archive)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPod touch Hacks





		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacBytes.com News Discussion





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Buying Tips, Advice and Discussion (archive)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPad Apps





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPod touch Accessories





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Community





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Daily Tunes Site Discussion and Feedback





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Event Archives





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Macworld San Francisco 2008







		




	






	






	






	




	

		App Store Business, Legal and Marketing





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Games





		




	






	






	






	




	

		General Mac Discussion





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Hardware Rumors





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone Purchaser Meetups





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Leopard Event Meetups





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac Help/Tips





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac OS X 10.3 (Panther) Discussion





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac Scene





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Macintosh Computers





		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacRumors Old Skool





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Marketplace Archive 1 (Posts count)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Marketplace Archive 2





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone Marketplace Archive







		




	






	






	






	




	

		Music Discussion





		




	






	






	






	




	

		New Mac Application Announcements





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Product Recommendations/Reviews





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Site News





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Switch Stories





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Web Design and Development (archive)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Past Contests





		




	






	






	






	




	

		1,000,000 Post Contest





		




	






	






	






	




	

		2,000,000 Post Contest





		




	






	






	






	




	

		3,000,000 Post Contest





		




	






	






	






	




	

		4,000,000 Post Contest





		




	






	






	






	




	

		5,000,000 Post Contest





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Ten Million Post Contest











Archives of Old Posts



		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacRumors News Discussion (archive)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPod touch Hacks





		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacBytes.com News Discussion





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Buying Tips, Advice and Discussion (archive)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPad Apps





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPod touch Accessories





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Community





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Daily Tunes Site Discussion and Feedback





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Event Archives





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Macworld San Francisco 2008







		




	






	






	






	




	

		App Store Business, Legal and Marketing





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Games





		




	






	






	






	




	

		General Mac Discussion





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Hardware Rumors





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone Purchaser Meetups





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Leopard Event Meetups





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac Help/Tips





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac OS X 10.3 (Panther) Discussion





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Mac Scene





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Macintosh Computers





		




	






	






	






	




	

		MacRumors Old Skool





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Marketplace Archive 1 (Posts count)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Marketplace Archive 2





		




	






	






	






	




	

		iPhone Marketplace Archive







		




	






	






	






	




	

		Music Discussion





		




	






	






	






	




	

		New Mac Application Announcements





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Product Recommendations/Reviews





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Site News





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Switch Stories





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Web Design and Development (archive)





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Past Contests





		




	






	






	






	




	

		1,000,000 Post Contest





		




	






	






	






	




	

		2,000,000 Post Contest





		




	






	






	






	




	

		3,000,000 Post Contest





		




	






	






	






	




	

		4,000,000 Post Contest





		




	






	






	






	




	

		5,000,000 Post Contest





		




	






	






	






	




	

		Ten Million Post Contest







Latest: Looking for an outdoor wifi security cam

toddsimon,
Apr 25, 2017



RSS


















						
							Forum Statistics
						
					

Discussions:
1,913,101
Messages:
24,022,471
Members:
914,546
Latest Member:
1960RebeccaJB







						
							Forum Posts
						
					





		Manually disable Touchbar when...
	

andrewtm posted Jul 28, 2017 at 6:11 PM





		Is purchasing Call of Duty:...
	

ElementalFrost posted Jul 28, 2017 at 5:36 PM





		2004 (?) iMac holding photos...
	

mikora7 posted Jul 28, 2017 at 5:34 PM





		I need some advice
	

ancapman posted Jul 28, 2017 at 5:31 PM








Loading...










Log in with Facebook
Log in with Twitter
Log in with Google



Your name or email address:




Do you already have an account?




						No, create an account now.

						Yes, my password is:


Forgot your password?








 Stay logged in























Sign up now!





						
							Latest Replies
						
					





		My MP3 player written in Swift...
	

dudeslife replied Jul 28, 2017 at 6:18 PM





		The iPhone 8 needs a glass body
	

rugmankc replied Jul 28, 2017 at 6:17 PM





		replacing operating system
	

UL2RA replied Jul 28, 2017 at 6:17 PM





		Post Your Dream Car
	

arggg14 replied Jul 28, 2017 at 6:17 PM





		Some Supporters of Apple's...
	

DeepIn2U replied Jul 28, 2017 at 6:16 PM





		Florida Company Sues Apple Over...
	

I7guy replied Jul 28, 2017 at 6:16 PM





		What is the best iPad for...
	

UL2RA replied Jul 28, 2017 at 6:15 PM





		Post Your Last Purchase XXVIII
	

Centaurr replied Jul 28, 2017 at 6:14 PM





		iPad Pro 10.5 for University...
	

KarmaRocket replied Jul 28, 2017 at 6:11 PM





		Any way to jailbreak my Iphone...
	

QueenTyrone replied Jul 28, 2017 at 6:11 PM








Loading...








Members Online Now




Ev0d3vil,
					
					

danny842003,
					
					

Dreamliner330,
					
					

bionichillbilly,
					
					

jeff996,
					
					

krb953,
					
					

glenthompson,
					
					

kissfan,
					
					

Minarets,
					
					

thyttel,
					
					

scottsjack,
					
					

Booji,
					
					

bent00,
					
					

blwade,
					
					

Garion2K,
					
					

colinsky,
					
					

doxoglo,
					
					

ManOfMystery,
					
					

Darth.Titan,
					
					

dudeslife,
					
					

jettie1767,
					
					

FrancoisC,
					
					

iapplelove,
					
					

mvan231,
					
					

AngerDanger,
					
					

Givmeabrek,
					
					

localoid,
					
					

UL2RA,
					
					

Gkohn,
					
					

Don47,
					
					

carlvsam,
					
					

davelees76,
					
					

AC Rempt,
					
					

Tdosthp,
					
					

wargamer6,
					
					

demyers,
					
					

daniruth01,
					
					

EugW,
					
					

Johnny365,
					
					

arggg14,
					
					

Carnegie,
					
					

jhall8,
					
					

colinwil,
					
					

rugmankc,
					
					

mbaturin,
					
					

dereknas,
					
					

EDH667,
					
					

MarkCollette,
					
					

pedrowerner,
					
					

eclipse01

... and 198 more


		
			Total: 3,621 (members: 284, guests: 3,000, robots: 337)
		
	
























































Heart rate monitor- Gymlink? | MacRumors Forums






























 







































        	Got a tip for us? Let us know


a. Send us an email
b. Anonymous form
close (x)




 
 
 
 
 
 






Front Page
Mac Blog
iOS Blog
Roundups 


AirPort
Apple Car
Apple Deals
Apple Pay
Apple Stores
Apple TV
Apple VR Project
Apple Watch Series 2
CarPlay
Displays
iMac
iOS 10
iPad Air 2
iPad mini 4 (2015)
iPad Pro
iPhone 6s
iPhone 7
iPhone 8 (2017)
iPhone SE
iPod nano
iPod shuffle
iPod touch
Mac mini
Mac Pro
MacBook
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
macOS Sierra
tvOS 10
watchOS 3


Buyer's Guide
Forums



Forums

Front Page
Roundups
Buyer's Guide
Forums



Roundups 

OS X Yosemite 
MacBook Air 
iOS 8 
Apple Watch 







Log in




Sign up




































Heart rate monitor- Gymlink?

	Discussion in 'Apple Watch' started by afd, Mar 10, 2015.






Most Liked Posts







afd,

 Mar 10, 2015






afd
macrumors 6502a







Joined:
Apr 12, 2005


Location:
Scotland






#1



						
						Has there been any info on whether the watch is Gymlink compatible? I currently use a Bluetooth Polar H7 that has Gymlink when I go to the gym, wearing a watch would be much more convenient.
						 










							share
						







										Share on Twitter
									




										Share on Facebook
									




										Email Link
									





Like
+ Quote
Reply










Ries,

 Mar 10, 2015






Ries
macrumors 68000







Joined:
Apr 21, 2007






#2



						
						Bluetooth Polar H7 is a bluetooth HR device that can pair with anyone by design. The apple watch pairs with the iphone, thats it. So im quite sure thats a no.

You can't even access the HR sensor (or any of the sensors) in the API yet. The only way for apps to get HR info is reading them from the health kit database.
						 










							share
						







										Share on Twitter
									




										Share on Facebook
									




										Email Link
									





Like
+ Quote
Reply










afd,

 Mar 10, 2015






afd
thread starter
macrumors 6502a







Joined:
Apr 12, 2005


Location:
Scotland






#3



						
						Am pretty sure it'll be a no too. A bit disappointing though, means Ill be wearing two heart rate monitors.
						 










							share
						







										Share on Twitter
									




										Share on Facebook
									




										Email Link
									





Like
+ Quote
Reply



















(You must log in or sign up to post here.)

Show Ignored Content


Share This Page











Log in with Facebook
Log in with Twitter
Log in with Google



Your name or email address:




Do you already have an account?




						No, create an account now.

						Yes, my password is:


Forgot your password?








 Stay logged in



































 




  Heart Monitors - Your Authorized Source for Fitness Technology
  





















































Resource Center
|
My Account
|
Register
|
My Cart
|
Checkout
|
Contact Us












 Free 3 days delivery on $45 + Orders
SUPPORT 888-418-2377/ M - F 10AM - 6 PM EST









 















Activity Trackers







Yoga & Recovery







Heart Rate Monitors







GPS Sport Devices























Welcome to HeartMonitors.com

Welcome to Heart Monitors.com! We are here to serve you and your fitness needs, and have been since 1998. Whether you are looking to get back into shape or simply continue to lead a healthy lifestyle, we’ve got you covered with activity trackers, heart rate monitors, GPS fitness watches and much more!  We carry the top brands of health and fitness devices including Timex, Polar, Garmin, Fitbit, Suunto and have a team of experts waiting to help you discover the product that is right for you and your goals! Thank you for shopping with us, we appreciate your business and loyalty.


















front







 Gym-Link? - Fitbit Community













































Help
Dashboard
Store










            Browse
        








CommunityCommunautéCommunityCommunityComunidadコミュニティ커뮤니티CommunitybackProduct Help ForumsSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeOneZipAriaUltraHelp ForumsFitbit Community BasicsNews & AnnouncementsiOS AppAndroid AppWindows 10 AppFitbit.com DashboardFitbit Challenges & AdventuresThird-Party IntegrationsWeb API DevelopmentLifestyle Discussion ForumsGet MovingEat WellManage WeightSleep BetterLive MindfullyBe InspiredCommunautébackProduitSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, et ZipAideTableau de bord du site WebPortableDiscussionsBienvenue !Soyez FitMangez sainDormez mieuxCommunitybackProduktSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, und ZipHilfeDashboardMobilDiskussionenWillkommenSei fitIss gutSchlaf besserCommunitybackProdottoSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, e ZipGuidaPannelloMobileDiscussioneBenvenutoEssere in formaMangiare beneDormire meglioComunidadbackProductoSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, y ZipAyudaPanelMóvilDebateTe Damos la BienvenidaEstar en formaCome bienDuerme mejorコミュニティbackようこそヘルプ議論커뮤니티back환영합니다도움말토론













 












				Log in
			







 







Join us on the Community Forums!



Community Guidelines
The Fitbit Community is a gathering place for real people who wish to exchange ideas, solutions, tips, techniques, and insight about the Fitbit products and services they love. By joining our Community, you agree to uphold these guidelines, so please take a moment to look them over.


Learn the Basics
Check out our Frequently Asked Questions page for information on Community features, and tips to make the most of your time here.


Join the Community!
Join an existing conversation, or start a new thread to ask your question. Creating your account is completely free, and takes about a minute.




Not finding your answer on the Community Forums?


Go to the Help Site


Contact Support










































Community


:


Help Forums


:


Web API Development


:


Gym-Link?





Options



Mark Topic as New
Mark Topic as Read




Float this Topic for Current User
Bookmark
Subscribe




Printer Friendly Page


































All communityThis categoryThis boardKnowledge baseUsers










cancel



turn on suggestions

Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.








		Showing results for 


		Search instead for 


		Did you mean: 








Community


:


Help Forums


:


Web API Development


:


Gym-Link?








Gym-Link?





Options



Mark Topic as New
Mark Topic as Read




Float this Topic for Current User
Bookmark
Subscribe




Printer Friendly Page






















 
 











 

‎03-21-2015
20:25








Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post


















 



Renbo






					Jogger
				



 2
  0
 2







Flag Post


	Message 1 of 9









‎03-21-2015
20:25

 







Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post





 




I just recently purchased the "Charge HR" product.  I particularly think it's cool that the android FitBit app seems to be able to show an almost real-time update of the metrics being fed by the device!  One of the reasons I was shopping for a heartrate monitor capable device is that my Polar chest strap unit began to die, and they do not contain user replaceable batteries. So the problem: I used the Polar chest strap heavily in combination with a rowing machine that would adjust resistance in order to maintain a target heart-rate.  It's a fine machine, but older, and uses Polar's "Gym Link" 5kHz signals.  It does not seem that the Charge HR transmits these frequencies. Regardless, I am a developer by trade, and electronics hobbyist on the side, and wondered if it would be possible to read the data from the fitbit, then build out a transmitter that took that data and fed it to the rowing machine.  I can't seem to find any third party products that can do this, and I'm having a dilly of a time figuring out where to get at the real-time data. Any chance to development of any sort in a device that converts these signals, or is the FitBit never going to be able to be used with GymLink machines?



 



 




 Accepted Solution


Labels:



.NET



 









	
			2
		

	 Votes










 Reply 
 

























All forum topics





Previous Topic




Next Topic






		8 REPLIES
	






 
 











 

‎03-22-2015
07:39








Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post


















 



Patruns




Fitbit Community Council members are a select group of volunteers who share support knowledge on the forums and advocate for the betterment of Fitbit products and services.  Learn more 



					Marathon Racer
				



 8693
  905
 3590







Flag Post


	Message 2 of 9









‎03-22-2015
07:39

 







Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post





 




Fitbit only provides an open API for 3rd party developers to use. That means only already sync'd data is available from the Fitbit servers. There is no way to obtain any direct data from the trackers themselves, at least none that Fitbit will provide. It is proprietary information.

Pat - USFitbit Charge HR, Fitbit Charge, Fitbit Force, One, Surge, Blaze, Charge 2, Flex 2, Alta HR, AriaWindows 10 Pro & Nexus 5If you can't find an answer, see the Fitbit Help pages.




 







 Accepted Solution











	
			0
		

	 Votes










 Reply 
 






















 
 











 

‎03-22-2015
10:51








Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post


















 



Renbo






					Jogger
				



 2
  0
 2







Flag Post


	Message 3 of 9









‎03-22-2015
10:51

 







Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post





 




			
				
					
						Drat! I had such high hopes for this gizmo. Back to the store it goes.
					
				
			
			
				
			
			
				


 







 Accepted Solution











	
			0
		

	 Votes










 Reply 
 






















 
 











 

‎03-24-2015
09:17








Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post


















 



Patruns




Fitbit Community Council members are a select group of volunteers who share support knowledge on the forums and advocate for the betterment of Fitbit products and services.  Learn more 



					Marathon Racer
				



 8693
  905
 3590







Flag Post


	Message 4 of 9









‎03-24-2015
09:17

 







Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post





 




Renbo wrote:Drat! I had such high hopes for this gizmo. Back to the store it goes.No one else's trackers alow direct access either.

Pat - USFitbit Charge HR, Fitbit Charge, Fitbit Force, One, Surge, Blaze, Charge 2, Flex 2, Alta HR, AriaWindows 10 Pro & Nexus 5If you can't find an answer, see the Fitbit Help pages.




 







 Accepted Solution











	
			0
		

	 Votes










 Reply 
 






















 
 











 

‎04-29-2015
17:45








Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post


















 



thebossman






					Jogger
				



 4
  0
 1







Flag Post


	Message 5 of 9









‎04-29-2015
17:45

 







Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post





 




no device allows direct access to that information? I am looking to look at heart rate in real time using a common consumer electronic like fitbit, we got tired of the research grade stuff, this wont be possible?



 







 Accepted Solution











	
			0
		

	 Votes










 Reply 
 






















 
 











 

‎04-29-2015
18:21








Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post


















 



Michael




Fitbit Community Council members are a select group of volunteers who share support knowledge on the forums and advocate for the betterment of Fitbit products and services.  Learn more 



					5K Racer
				



 3647
  375
 3231







Flag Post


	Message 6 of 9









‎04-29-2015
18:21

 







Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post





 




thebossman wrote:no device allows direct access to that information? I am looking to look at heart rate in real time using a common consumer electronic like fitbit, we got tired of the research grade stuff, this wont be possible?@thebossman No, Fitbit has not announced any plans to allow direct/real time access to their trackers. Their API only allows access to data synced on to their servers. You certainly can add, or vote for, it in the Feature Request forum.

Michael | Oregon, USAAria/Ultra/One/Charge/Charge HR/Surge | Window 7/8.1 RT/10 and Windows Phone (Lumia 521/640/925/950)Take a look at the Fitbit help site for further assistance and information.




 







 Accepted Solution











	
			0
		

	 Votes










 Reply 
 






















 
 











 

‎05-05-2015
11:23








Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post


















 



Doug






					Hill Runner
				



 270
  29
 333







Flag Post


	Message 7 of 9









‎05-05-2015
11:23

 







Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post





 




thebossman wrote:no device allows direct access to that information? I am looking to look at heart rate in real time using a common consumer electronic like fitbit, we got tired of the research grade stuff, this wont be possible?I think that should be qualified to say no FITBIT device allows direct access to that information.  While it uses BLE as the actual radio carrier, it uses proprietary protocols for the data payloads.  Perhaps that is because it exchanges so much more data than using standard BLE profile support would permit efficiently.  Or maybe they designed their protocols before the various BLE profiles were finalized. I don't know of any BLE to Gymlink repeaters out there.  I think there are a few BLE to ANT+ gateways, but I've never seen a BLE to Gymlink.  I used the Polar H7 until my second one died (the radio, not the battery).  I ended up switching to the Mio wrist based monitors.  Sadly, they don't support Gymlink though. What I'm more disappointed in though is that it seems recent gym equipment has not added support for BLE sensors.  My local gym just replaced all their treadmills, and I was hoping the new ones would have BLE support.  Sadly, they still only support Gymlink, as does their rowers. If interested though, you should check out the various official BLE profiles such as the Heart Rate Profile.  Docs are available here and should work with a number of consumer grade HRM devices such as those from Polar, Wahoo, Mio, etc.  If you think you can develop a box to rebroadcast the BLE to Gymlink equipment, you may want to consider a Kickstart or similar project. I'd back you.  



 







 Accepted Solution











	
			3
		

	 Votes










 Reply 
 






















 
 











 

‎05-07-2015
11:18








Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post



















 



JeremiahFitbit






					Cross-Country Runner
				



 1272
  261
 284







Flag Post


	Message 8 of 9









‎05-07-2015
11:18

 







Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post





 




Please see https://community.fitbit.com/t5/Web-API/Where-is-the-Bluetooth-SDK-Can-my-app-communicate-directly-w...



 



 




 Accepted Solution











	
			0
		

	 Votes










 Reply 
 






















 
 











 

‎05-25-2016
06:02








Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post


















 



ElectroLund






					Jogger
				



 1
  0
 0







Flag Post


	Message 9 of 9









‎05-25-2016
06:02

 







Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Flag Post





 




Doug, thanks for the technical post.  Answered all my questions.  This is disappointing news, but sounds indicative of the market and fickle communications layer standards, not necessarily of Fitbit's decisions.  Still, dang!



 







 Accepted Solution











	
			0
		

	 Votes










 Reply 
 





















































        BH Fitness

























































                Please Specify the Dealer Type
            














Find a Dealer
1.866.325.2339 Toll Free
Government




About Us
Contact UsAthletesEmployment



Products

TreadmillsEllipticalsElectronic BikesIndoor Cycle BikesRowersSteppersStrengthAccessories
LK700TiTreadmillDetailsSK8900TreadmillDetailsSK8900TVTreadmillDetails200TTreadmillDetailsLK700WSTreadmillDetailsLK500WSTreadmillDetailsLK500TiTreadmillDetailsLK700TiTreadmillDetailsLKT6TreadmillDetailsLKT8TreadmillDetailsS1TiTreadmillDetailsS1TiBTreadmillDetailsS2TiBTreadmillDetailsS3TiTreadmillDetailsS5TiTreadmillDetailsS7TiTreadmillDetailsLK500TiTreadmillDetailsLK700TiTreadmillDetailsS1TiTreadmillDetailsS1TiBTreadmillDetailsS2TiBTreadmillDetailsS3TiTreadmillDetailsS5TiTreadmillDetailsS7TiTreadmillDetailsLK700XEllipticalDetailsLK500EEllipticalDetailsLK500XEllipticalDetailsLK500XiEllipticalDetailsLK700XEllipticalDetailsS1EiEllipticalDetailsS1XiEllipticalDetailsS2XiEllipticalDetailsS3XiEllipticalDetailsS3XiBEllipticalDetailsS5XiEllipticalDetailsS5XiBEllipticalDetailsLK500XiEllipticalDetailsS1EiEllipticalDetailsS1XiEllipticalDetailsS2XiEllipticalDetailsS3XiEllipticalDetailsS3XiBEllipticalDetailsS5XiEllipticalDetailsS5XiBEllipticalDetailsLK700RRecumbentDetails200RRecumbentDetails200UUprightDetailsLK500RRecumbent BikeDetailsLK500RiRecumbent BikeDetailsLK500UUpright BikeDetailsLK500UiUpright BikeDetailsLK700RRecumbentDetailsLK700UUprightDetailsS1RiRecumbentDetailsS1RiBRecumbentDetailsS1UiUprightDetailsS1UiBUprightDetailsS3RiRecumbent BikeDetailsS3RiBRecumbent BikeDetailsS5RiRecumbentDetailsS5RiBRecumbentDetailsS5UiUpright BikeDetailsS5UiBUpright BikeDetailsLK500RiRecumbent BikeDetailsLK500UiUpright BikeDetailsS1RiRecumbentDetailsS1RiBRecumbentDetailsS1UiUprightDetailsS1UiBUprightDetailsS3RiRecumbent BikeDetailsS3RiBRecumbent BikeDetailsS5RiRecumbentDetailsS5RiBRecumbentDetailsS5UiUpright BikeDetailsS5UiBUpright BikeDetails200ICIndoor CycleDetails400ICIndoor CycleDetails600ICIndoor CycleDetailsLK700FBIndoor CycleDetailsLK500ICIndoor Cycle BikeDetailsLK700ICIndoor CycleDetailsS3ICIndoor CycleDetailsLK700FBIndoor CycleDetails200ICIndoor CycleDetails400ICIndoor CycleDetails600ICIndoor CycleDetailsLK500ICIndoor Cycle BikeDetailsLK700ICIndoor CycleDetailsS3ICIndoor CycleDetailsLK700RWDetails200RWRowerDetailsLK700RWDetailsLK500RWRowerDetailsS1RWRowerDetailsL080Shoulder / Chest press (Dual)DetailsL090Shoulder PressDetailsL110Lat PulleyDetails
L010Leg ExtensionDetailsL020Leg extension / leg curl (Dual)DetailsL050Leg Press / Calf RaiseDetails
L070Seated Chest PressDetailsL130Biceps CurlDetailsL140Biceps/TricepsDetails
L150Seated DipDetailsL160Horizontal TricepsDetailsL170Seated Leg CurlDetails
L210Seated CalfDetailsL250Abduction and AdductionDetailsL270ButterflyDetails
L290Seated RowDetailsL310AbdominalDetailsL330Standing GluteDetails
L340Total HipDetailsL350MultipressDetailsL410Pec Fly / Rear DeltDetails
L430Rotary TorsoDetailsL450Chin / Dip AssistDetailsL490Deltoid RaiseDetails
L510Lower BackDetailsL530Adjustable High / Low PulleyDetailsL550Lat Pull / Mid RowDetails
L610Ab / Low back (Dual)DetailsL800Leg Raise / DipDetailsL805Back ExtensionDetails
L815Olympic Flat BenchDetailsL820Olympic Incline BenchDetailsL825Adjustable BenchDetails
L830Preacher CurlDetailsL835Abdominal BenchDetailsL885Balanced AbdominalDetails
LD400Max RackDetailsLK500FTAdjustable Pulley SystemDetailsS300Stretch MachineDetails
3 in 1 Training BoxAccessoryDetailsBumper PlatesAccessoryDetailsFixed Barbells CurlAccessoryDetailsFixed Barbells StraightAccessoryDetailsHard Medicine BallsAccessoryDetailsOlympic Rubber Grip PlatesAccessoryDetailsRubber Coated KettlebellsAccessoryDetailsRubber HexbellsAccessoryDetailsSlam BallsAccessoryDetailsSoft Plyo BoxesDetailsUrethane DumbbellsAccessoryDetailsWall Balls (Soft Medicine)AccessoryDetails


Commercial

LK700RW DETAILSLK700RRecumbent DETAILSLK700TiTreadmill DETAILSLK700XElliptical DETAILSSK8900Treadmill DETAILSSK8900TVTreadmill DETAILSLK700RW DETAILSLK700FBIndoor Cycle DETAILSLK500EElliptical DETAILSLK500FTAdjustable Pulley System DETAILSLK500ICIndoor Cycle Bike DETAILSLK500RRecumbent Bike DETAILSLK500RiRecumbent Bike DETAILSLK500RWRower DETAILSLK500TiTreadmill DETAILSLK500UUpright Bike DETAILSLK500UiUpright Bike DETAILSView MoreLK700FBIndoor Cycle DETAILSLK500ICIndoor Cycle Bike DETAILSLK700ICIndoor Cycle DETAILSLK500RiRecumbent Bike DETAILSLK500TiTreadmill DETAILSLK500UiUpright Bike DETAILSLK500XiElliptical DETAILSLK700TiTreadmill DETAILSL080Shoulder / Chest press (Dual) DETAILSL090Shoulder Press DETAILSL110Lat Pulley DETAILSL010Leg Extension DETAILSL020Leg extension / leg curl (Dual) DETAILSL050Leg Press / Calf Raise DETAILSL070Seated Chest Press DETAILSL130Biceps Curl DETAILSL140Biceps/Triceps DETAILSL150Seated Dip DETAILSL160Horizontal Triceps DETAILSView More3 in 1 Training BoxAccessory DETAILSBumper PlatesAccessory DETAILSFixed Barbells CurlAccessory DETAILSFixed Barbells StraightAccessory DETAILSHard Medicine BallsAccessory DETAILSOlympic Rubber Grip PlatesAccessory DETAILSRubber Coated KettlebellsAccessory DETAILSRubber HexbellsAccessory DETAILSSlam BallsAccessory DETAILSSoft Plyo Boxes DETAILSUrethane DumbbellsAccessory DETAILSView More


Residential

200ICIndoor Cycle DETAILS200RRecumbent DETAILS200RWRower DETAILS200TTreadmill DETAILS200UUpright DETAILS400ICIndoor Cycle DETAILS600ICIndoor Cycle DETAILSLK500FTAdjustable Pulley System DETAILSLK500ICIndoor Cycle Bike DETAILSLK500RiRecumbent Bike DETAILSLK500RWRower DETAILSLK500UiUpright Bike DETAILSLK700ICIndoor Cycle DETAILSS1EiElliptical DETAILSS1RiRecumbent DETAILSS1RiBRecumbent DETAILSS1RWRower DETAILSS1TiTreadmill DETAILSS1UiUpright DETAILSS1UiBUpright DETAILSS1TiBTreadmill DETAILSS1XiElliptical DETAILSS2TiBTreadmill DETAILSS2XiElliptical DETAILSView More200ICIndoor Cycle DETAILS400ICIndoor Cycle DETAILS600ICIndoor Cycle DETAILSLK500ICIndoor Cycle Bike DETAILSLK700ICIndoor Cycle DETAILSS3ICIndoor Cycle DETAILSLK500RiRecumbent Bike DETAILSLK500UiUpright Bike DETAILSS1EiElliptical DETAILSS1RiRecumbent DETAILSS1RiBRecumbent DETAILSS1TiTreadmill DETAILSS1UiUpright DETAILSS1UiBUpright DETAILSS1TiBTreadmill DETAILSS1XiElliptical DETAILSS2TiBTreadmill DETAILSView MoreL825Adjustable Bench DETAILSLK500FTAdjustable Pulley System DETAILSS300Stretch Machine DETAILS



Government




Live Chat























                            S5Ti
                             Treadmill
                        

The S5Ti comes standard with the Bluetooth enabled i.Concept technology which allows you to seamlessly connect your Apple® or Android® device via Bluetooth and enjoy your favorite Apps while exercising; read a book, update your status, or check your email. i.Concept is health and fitness, integrated. It comes with a Whisper quiet 3.5 HP drive motor that provides unparalleled durability and reliability, Active-Flex II suspension technology allows for a shock absorbing landing with firm push off for comfort and efficiency and a Large 22”x57” running surface enables a safe and comfortable workout.

Take a closer look!



Our award winning line of residential products offers the latest technologies and features at value prices. Often costing far less than competitive models, the Signature Series is a great fit for your home. The Signature Series is a complete line of products including Treadmills, Ellipticals, Bikes, Indoor Cycles and Rowers.
Awards


Best Treadmill under $2,500
S5Ti Features

i.Concept display compatible with Bluetooth enabled iOS and Android devices.
Spacious 22" x 57" running surface enables a safe and comfortable workout.
Whisper quiet 3.5 HP DC drive motor provides unparalleled durability and reliability.
Price: $2,499
Prices do not include delivery and set up.  Prices reflect US retails and may vary in Canada. Please see your authorized BH dealer for more details.






                                    Room Planner






                                    Find a Dealer











                            Features

                            Specs

                            Resources

                            Warranty

                            Reviews

                            Videos

                            Compare






i.Concept display
iConcept display compatible with Bluetooth enabled iOS and Android devices.



Whisper quiet motor
Whisper quiet 3.5 HP DC drive motor provides unparalleled durability and reliability.





Large running surface
Spacious 22" x 57" running surface enables a safe and comfortable workout.



Active Flex II suspension
Active-Flex II suspension technology allows for a shock absorbing landing with firm push off for comfort and efficiency.




Folding ability
Folding treadmill for easy storage.


Cooling Fan
Personal refreshing cooling fan for motivation to go the extra mile.



Eco Function
Eco Function can provide up to a 25% power consumption reduction by using an algorithm to increase incline and reduce speed to provide the same caloric burn.






                                            Description
                                        



                                            Series
                                        




Form FactorFOLDINGi.Concept iPad®, iPhone®, iPod® touch Compatible Display Console•Blue Backlit LCD Display •LED Display Polar® Heart Rate Strap Compatible•Contact Heart Rate Grips •Cooling Fan •MP3 Player Connectivity Speakers Integrated Reading Rack Number of Programs15Running Surface (in.) 22 x 57Speed (MPH) 0-12Incline 0-12%Motor 3.5 Roller Size (in.) 2.5Ortho Cushion Belt•Multi-Ply, Urethane Coated Belt•Active-Flex Suspension Safe Drop System (folding models)•Fixed Safety KeyRemovable Safety Key•Accessory Tray•Water Bottle Holder •Club Commercial WarrantyFramePartsLaborCommercial WarrantyFramePartsLaborResidential Warranty •Body/FrameLifetimeParts10 yearsLabor1 yearClub Commercial Use RatedCommercial Use RatedResidential Use Rated •






                                            Dimensions
                                        

Max User Weight (lb) 400Unit Assembled (Net) Weight lb.253.5 lbs /115 kgUnit packaged (Gross) Weight lb.282.5 lbs / 128kgUnit Length (in.) 76Unit Width (in.) 37Unit Height (in.) 57




Bilingual Manual
Datasheet
















                                                Residential Warranty
                                            



                                                Frame
                                            

                                                Lifetime
                                            



                                                Motor
                                            

                                                Lifetime
                                            



                                                Parts
                                            

                                                10 years
                                            



                                                Labor
                                            

                                                1 year
                                            



Residential Disclaimer
Please note: The equipment that you are purchasing is intended for single-family home use only. Use of this equipment in a commercial environment shall void the warranty.
 




Cosmetics Disclaimer:For all products and all level of warranty, Cosmetic parts shall be warrantied for 1 year from date of purchase against manufactures defect. "Cosmetics" includes: External plastics, overlays/decals and covers.








                                Treadmills
                                Products


ModelS5TiSeriesForm FactorFOLDINGResidential Use Rated •Residential Warranty •Body/FrameLifetimeParts10 yearsLabor1 yearMotorLifetimePolar® Heart Rate Strap Compatible•Contact Heart Rate Grips •Cooling Fan •Number of Programs15Water Bottle Holder •i.Concept iPad®, iPhone®, iPod® touch Compatible Display Console•Blue Backlit LCD Display •Running Surface (in.) 22 x 57Speed (MPH) 0-12Incline 0-12%Motor 3.5 Roller Size (in.) 2.5Ortho Cushion Belt•Multi-Ply, Urethane Coated Belt•Safe Drop System (folding models)•Removable Safety Key•Accessory Tray•Max User Weight (lb) 400Unit Assembled (Net) Weight lb.253.5 lbs /115 kgUnit packaged (Gross) Weight lb.282.5 lbs / 128kgUnit Length (in.) 76Unit Width (in.) 37Unit Height (in.) 57






















                            
                            Related
                        

                            Products
                        





                        -



   SK8900             LK500Ti             LK700Ti             LKT8          

   SK8900TV             LKT6             S1Ti             S3Ti          

   S7Ti             S1TiB             S2TiB             200T          

   LK700WS             LK500WS          




                        +














                                    Find a Dealer

                                    In Your Area






                                Interested in Becoming a Dealer?
                                
                                    Click here























 Web API Development - Fitbit Community














































Help
Dashboard
Store










            Browse
        








CommunityCommunautéCommunityCommunityComunidadコミュニティ커뮤니티CommunitybackProduct Help ForumsSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeOneZipAriaUltraHelp ForumsFitbit Community BasicsNews & AnnouncementsiOS AppAndroid AppWindows 10 AppFitbit.com DashboardFitbit Challenges & AdventuresThird-Party IntegrationsWeb API DevelopmentLifestyle Discussion ForumsGet MovingEat WellManage WeightSleep BetterLive MindfullyBe InspiredCommunautébackProduitSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, et ZipAideTableau de bord du site WebPortableDiscussionsBienvenue !Soyez FitMangez sainDormez mieuxCommunitybackProduktSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, und ZipHilfeDashboardMobilDiskussionenWillkommenSei fitIss gutSchlaf besserCommunitybackProdottoSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, e ZipGuidaPannelloMobileDiscussioneBenvenutoEssere in formaMangiare beneDormire meglioComunidadbackProductoSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, y ZipAyudaPanelMóvilDebateTe Damos la BienvenidaEstar en formaCome bienDuerme mejorコミュニティbackようこそヘルプ議論커뮤니티back환영합니다도움말토론













 












				Log in
			







 







Join us on the Community Forums!



Community Guidelines
The Fitbit Community is a gathering place for real people who wish to exchange ideas, solutions, tips, techniques, and insight about the Fitbit products and services they love. By joining our Community, you agree to uphold these guidelines, so please take a moment to look them over.


Learn the Basics
Check out our Frequently Asked Questions page for information on Community features, and tips to make the most of your time here.


Join the Community!
Join an existing conversation, or start a new thread to ask your question. Creating your account is completely free, and takes about a minute.




Not finding your answer on the Community Forums?


Go to the Help Site


Contact Support










































Community


:


Help Forums


:


Web API Development





Options



Mark all as New
Mark all as Read




Float this item to the top
Subscribe
Bookmark




Invite a Friend




Sort by Topic Start Date

























Web API Development
Join the conversation with our developers, and build Fitbit data into your own applications, products and services with the Fitbit API
























All communityThis categoryThis boardKnowledge baseUsers










cancel



turn on suggestions

Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.








		Showing results for 


		Search instead for 


		Did you mean: 




 


















 




Start a topic












«
Previous






1

2

3



46





Next
»







 




 














                            Web API FAQs - README.txt
                            
                        








            by 
AndrewFitbit

 on 
‎06-07-2017
10:00




                Latest post on 
‎06-07-2017
12:12
 by 
AndrewFitbit






1

                Reply
            



736

                Views
            



1
    Reply

736
    Views










                            Changes to Sleep Time Series endpoints
                            
                        








            by 
AndrewFitbit

 on 
‎03-31-2017
15:14




                Latest post on 
‎07-23-2017
02:19
 by 
masterseo





16

                Replies
            



1558

                Views
            



16
    Replies

1558
    Views










                            Read access to web api
                            
                        







            by 
Amit.shinde205
 

			13 hours ago
		





0

                Replies
            



6

                Views
            



0
    Replies

6
    Views










                            Web-only API access
                            
                        







            by 
Ivaylo
 

			yesterday
		





0

                Replies
            



8

                Views
            



0
    Replies

8
    Views










                            Display the queried result from fitbit API call in...
                            
                        







            by 
divi.gnath
 

			yesterday
		





0

                Replies
            



13

                Views
            



0
    Replies

13
    Views










                            Swagger UI for fitbit API call si not working and ...
                            
                        









            by 
divi.gnath
 

			yesterday
		





0

                Replies
            



7

                Views
            



0
    Replies

7
    Views










                            Fitbit device stops syncing to web API if user doe...
                            
                        







            by 
ericrmw
 

			yesterday
		





0

                Replies
            



11

                Views
            



0
    Replies

11
    Views










                            In the case of an expired access token and invalid...
                            
                        







            by 
SteveWT
 on 
‎07-26-2017
15:03





0

                Replies
            



9

                Views
            



0
    Replies

9
    Views










                            Real-Time Heart Rate Streaming
                            
                        







            by 
jf52
 on 
‎07-26-2017
06:05




                Latest post on 
‎07-26-2017
13:42
 by 
jf52





3

                Replies
            



151

                Views
            



3
    Replies

151
    Views










                            Error 409 registering subscriber after revoking ac...
                            
                        








            by 
ericrmw
 on 
‎07-26-2017
10:55





0

                Replies
            



6

                Views
            



0
    Replies

6
    Views










                            OAuth pages in different languages
                            
                        








            by 
digitalsweetspo
 on 
‎07-26-2017
07:02





0

                Replies
            



6

                Views
            



0
    Replies

6
    Views










                            Synced to phone with past fit bit time.
                            
                        







            by 
scram
 on 
‎07-25-2017
23:37





0

                Replies
            



8

                Views
            



0
    Replies

8
    Views










                            Daily summary distance inaccurate
                            
                        







            by 
Taddy_Mason
 on 
‎07-25-2017
19:55





0

                Replies
            



32

                Views
            



0
    Replies

32
    Views










                            Daily activity summary - friends
                            
                        








            by 
KKN127
 on 
‎06-13-2017
08:37




                Latest post on 
‎07-25-2017
18:18
 by 
solidsnake





9

                Replies
            



296

                Views
            



9
    Replies

296
    Views










                            Integrating with Mirth
                            
                        







            by 
siddharth.2211
 on 
‎07-25-2017
07:23





0

                Replies
            



7

                Views
            



0
    Replies

7
    Views










                            Fitbit app shows more steps for user but api call ...
                            
                        








            by 
oauthimpl30
 on 
‎07-24-2017
13:20





0

                Replies
            



13

                Views
            



0
    Replies

13
    Views











                            oauth 2.0 callback url issue
                            
                        








            by 
Pramod
 on 
‎06-26-2015
06:05




                Latest post on 
‎07-23-2017
20:41
 by 
Bater





10

                Replies
            



738

                Views
            



10
    Replies

738
    Views










                            OAuth 2 "errorType":"invalid_request","message":"R...
                            
                        








            by 
Bater
 on 
‎07-23-2017
17:49





0

                Replies
            



14

                Views
            



0
    Replies

14
    Views










                            Building a fitbit intergrated app for all platform...
                            
                        







            by 
DaniGreen
 on 
‎07-23-2017
12:25





0

                Replies
            



21

                Views
            



0
    Replies

21
    Views










                            Changes to Sleep Time Series endpoints
                            
                        








            by 
AndrewFitbit

 on 
‎03-31-2017
15:14




                Latest post on 
‎07-23-2017
02:19
 by 
masterseo





16

                Replies
            



1558

                Views
            



16
    Replies

1558
    Views










                            Make multiple users authorize my app?
                            
                        







            by 
tommycarstensen
 on 
‎07-22-2017
06:04





0

                Replies
            



13

                Views
            



0
    Replies

13
    Views











                            One application multiple users data
                            
                        








            by 
ritu.jain
 on 
‎12-16-2016
08:32




                Latest post on 
‎07-22-2017
05:56
 by 
tommycarstensen





7

                Replies
            



642

                Views
            



7
    Replies

642
    Views










                            Sporadic token refresh issues
                            
                        







            by 
papertank
 on 
‎06-08-2016
00:09




                Latest post on 
‎07-21-2017
09:30
 by 
SteveWT





2

                Replies
            



185

                Views
            



2
    Replies

185
    Views










                            Is it possible to get real-time heart rate and foo...
                            
                        







            by 
Telvss
 on 
‎07-20-2017
21:40





0

                Replies
            



47

                Views
            



0
    Replies

47
    Views










                            Difficulty Verifying Subscriber
                            
                        







            by 
allingroup
 on 
‎07-20-2017
11:56





0

                Replies
            



4

                Views
            



0
    Replies

4
    Views










                            OAuth 2.0 "Client Credentials Grant" planned?
                            
                        







            by 
etmmiko
 on 
‎06-11-2015
00:44




                Latest post on 
‎07-19-2017
11:05
 by 
metalzack





2

                Replies
            



177

                Views
            



2
    Replies

177
    Views










                            Refresh Token is invalid for users even though acc...
                            
                        







            by 
Pushparaj
 on 
‎03-28-2017
02:24




                Latest post on 
‎07-18-2017
13:08
 by 
DavidSFitbit





9

                Replies
            



407

                Views
            



9
    Replies

407
    Views










                            Intraday data now immediately available to persona...
                            
                        






[
1
2
]





            by 
JeremiahFitbit
 on 
‎11-09-2015
11:10




                Latest post on 
‎07-17-2017
21:01
 by 
raoloka





29

                Replies
            



10548

                Views
            



29
    Replies

10548
    Views










                            Receiving Subscription Notifications For Data Not ...
                            
                        







            by 
aarondcoleman
 on 
‎07-17-2017
11:50





0

                Replies
            



15

                Views
            



0
    Replies

15
    Views










                            Grabbing steps via PHP script, dropping into mysql...
                            
                        








            by 
staze
 on 
‎07-30-2016
23:19




                Latest post on 
‎07-17-2017
09:10
 by 
staze





5

                Replies
            



453

                Views
            



5
    Replies

453
    Views










                            Trouble correctly formatting Header Dict. Error "I...
                            
                        








            by 
TannerQuigley
 on 
‎07-14-2017
14:37





0

                Replies
            



22

                Views
            



0
    Replies

22
    Views










                            API access failure
                            
                        








            by 
zhangz-ucare
 on 
‎07-14-2017
00:51





0

                Replies
            



19

                Views
            



0
    Replies

19
    Views










                            Is it possible to get "real time" data or 1 second...
                            
                        







            by 
osharrr
 on 
‎07-12-2017
11:52





0

                Replies
            



54

                Views
            



0
    Replies

54
    Views










                            Activity
                            
                        







            by 
lbartolic
 on 
‎07-11-2017
04:56





0

                Replies
            



27

                Views
            



0
    Replies

27
    Views










                            Fitbit api/data for whole company
                            
                        







            by 
Sabanerjee
 on 
‎07-11-2017
04:44





0

                Replies
            



40

                Views
            



0
    Replies

40
    Views










                            Data storage
                            
                        







            by 
tpauly
 on 
‎07-10-2017
10:20




                Latest post on 
‎07-11-2017
04:38
 by 
tpauly





3

                Replies
            



84

                Views
            



3
    Replies

84
    Views










                            Sleep Stages - thirtyDayAvgMinutes endpoints
                            
                        







            by 
ErnestoR
 on 
‎07-10-2017
17:55





0

                Replies
            



39

                Views
            



0
    Replies

39
    Views










                            Sleep Stage Summary Data - 30Day Avg
                            
                        







            by 
ErnestoR
 on 
‎07-10-2017
17:46





0

                Replies
            



14

                Views
            



0
    Replies

14
    Views











                            Ioh Api
                            
                        







            by 
Safaa
 on 
‎07-08-2017
20:44




                Latest post on 
‎07-10-2017
10:00
 by 
Safaa





2

                Replies
            



59

                Views
            



2
    Replies

59
    Views










                            Collection_path for adding a subscription ...
                            
                        








            by 
irh_dev
 on 
‎07-10-2017
10:21




                Latest post on 
‎07-10-2017
10:52
 by 
irh_dev





2

                Replies
            



34

                Views
            



2
    Replies

34
    Views










                            How to call Fitbit API from Node Js Application ?
                            
                        







            by 
divi.gnath
 on 
‎07-10-2017
06:54




                Latest post on 
‎07-10-2017
10:33
 by 
divi.gnath





2

                Replies
            



69

                Views
            



2
    Replies

69
    Views










                            Ioh Apiii
                            
                        







            by 
Safaa
 on 
‎07-10-2017
10:05





0

                Replies
            



11

                Views
            



0
    Replies

11
    Views








 
















«
Previous






1

2

3



46





Next
»







 









 




Important Links



Fitbit Developer Portal
Fitbit Explorer
Fitbit System Status 






 




 Most Helpful Authors

 



User

			Vote Count
		












osharrr





			3
		










chriswhitfield





			2
		










rMirage





			2
		










papertank





			1
		










thejay1991





			1
		




View All
 
 Top Solution Authors

 



User

			Accepted Solutions Count
		












ErnestoR





			1
		










irh_dev





			1
		










Carol-B





			1
		










Bater





			1
		




View All
 
 Unanswered Topics









                            Read access to web api
                            
                        















                            Web-only API access
                            
                        















                            Display the queried result from fitbit API call in...
                            
                        















                            Swagger UI for fitbit API call si not working and ...
                            
                        

















                            Fitbit device stops syncing to web API if user doe...
                            
                        








View All
 






























Fitbit Community













































Help
Dashboard
Store










            Browse
        








CommunityCommunautéCommunityCommunityComunidadコミュニティ커뮤니티CommunitybackProduct Help ForumsSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeOneZipAriaUltraHelp ForumsFitbit Community BasicsNews & AnnouncementsiOS AppAndroid AppWindows 10 AppFitbit.com DashboardFitbit Challenges & AdventuresThird-Party IntegrationsWeb API DevelopmentLifestyle Discussion ForumsGet MovingEat WellManage WeightSleep BetterLive MindfullyBe InspiredCommunautébackProduitSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, et ZipAideTableau de bord du site WebPortableDiscussionsBienvenue !Soyez FitMangez sainDormez mieuxCommunitybackProduktSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, und ZipHilfeDashboardMobilDiskussionenWillkommenSei fitIss gutSchlaf besserCommunitybackProdottoSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, e ZipGuidaPannelloMobileDiscussioneBenvenutoEssere in formaMangiare beneDormire meglioComunidadbackProductoSurgeBlazeCharge 2Alta HRAltaFlex 2FlexCharge HRChargeAria, One, y ZipAyudaPanelMóvilDebateTe Damos la BienvenidaEstar en formaCome bienDuerme mejorコミュニティbackようこそヘルプ議論커뮤니티back환영합니다도움말토론













 












				Log in
			







 







Join us on the Community Forums!



Community Guidelines
The Fitbit Community is a gathering place for real people who wish to exchange ideas, solutions, tips, techniques, and insight about the Fitbit products and services they love. By joining our Community, you agree to uphold these guidelines, so please take a moment to look them over.


Learn the Basics
Check out our Frequently Asked Questions page for information on Community features, and tips to make the most of your time here.


Join the Community!
Join an existing conversation, or start a new thread to ask your question. Creating your account is completely free, and takes about a minute.




Not finding your answer on the Community Forums?


Go to the Help Site


Contact Support










































Community






















Community
Ask and answer questions about the Fitbit products and services you love.
























All communityKnowledge baseUsers










cancel



turn on suggestions

Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.








		Showing results for 


		Search instead for 


		Did you mean: 




 
















 Have a question about your Fitbit device? Choose a product help forum:









 Surge 


 56 minutes m ago


 9367 topics










 Blaze 


 3 minutes m ago


 8898 topics










 Charge 2 


 16 minutes m ago


 11237 topics










 Alta HR 


 13 minutes m ago


 1223 topics










 Alta 


 1 hour h ago


 6556 topics










 Flex 2 


 20 minutes m ago


 1905 topics










 One 


 4 hours h ago


 11715 topics










 Zip 


 7 hours h ago


 5905 topics










 Aria 


 10 minutes m ago


 3478 topics







 More product help forums: 




  Flex 
  Charge HR 
  Charge 
  Ultra 























Title
Topics
Last Post













Fitbit Community Basics


Learn your way around the Fitbit Community and find answers to common questions


4133
2 days d ago











News & Announcements


Keep up on the latest news from the Fitbit team


4463
1 day d ago











iOS App





57398
31 minutes m ago











Android App





49456
1 hour h ago











Windows 10 App





10100
3 hours h ago











Fitbit.com Dashboard





62670
3 hours h ago











Fitbit Challenges & Adventures





5182
4 hours h ago











Third-Party Integrations





17114
5 hours h ago











Web API Development


Join the conversation with our developers, and build Fitbit data into your own applications, products and services with the Fitbit API


7445
13 hours h ago











                    Lifestyle Discussion Forums
                 







Title
Topics
Last Post













Get Moving


How will you find your fit today? Discover workout ideas and share your progress with others.


31539
9 hours h ago











Eat Well


What’s on your plate? Trade recipes, nutrition wisdom and more.


10044
5 hours h ago











Manage Weight


No matter what your weight goal is, find motivation and advice to hit your stride and feel good in your skin.


56079
2 hours h ago











Sleep Better


A good night’s rest is within reach! Exchange sleep tips and insights here.


4699
11 hours h ago











Live Mindfully


Dive into wellness topics like stress management, meditation, and how to be your best self.


1309
1 day d ago











Be Inspired


Need a little inspiration to get moving? Share success stories and strategies for hitting goals.


41045
13 minutes m ago











 Most Helpful Authors

 



User

			Vote Count
		












Rich_Laue





			365
		











WendyB





			303
		










SteveH





			186
		











Baltoscott





			144
		










NellyG





			141
		




View All
 
 Top Solution Authors

 



User

			Accepted Solutions Count
		












SteveH





			47
		










Rich_Laue





			38
		











WendyB





			33
		










NellyG





			29
		










JohnnyRow





			18
		




View All
 










WE HAVE AN AMAZING COMMUNITY - THAT INCLUDES YOU!




WHO'S ON?






















































































just a few of the 

            178
        
users online







            490,385
          
MEMBERS






                  290,591

              
TOPICS



                  46,412
              
ANSWERS





                  1,385,392
              
POSTS



                  24,547
              
SUGGESTIONS



The Fitbit Community is a place to exchange solutions and advice for Fitbit products, and discuss your health goals and lifestyle. Join the conversation!















 YOUR COMMUNITY COUNCIL 


Dedicated community members like you take an active role in helping others.Want to contribute?


LEARN MORE




























