    Michael Haack | | ZoomInfo.com    Michael Haack | Eagle Materials Inc | ZoomInfo.com

	BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS Trademark of Haack, Arthur Michael. Serial Number: 78118301 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Restaurant and Hotel Services
BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS










 
Get FREE email alerts













BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS  Trademark Information
 Haack, Arthur Michael
Restaurant




Perfect for these industries

Restaurant and Hotel Services





Words that describe this mark
restaurant    
                                    




This is a brand page for the BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS trademark by Haack, Arthur Michael 
                                in Fullerton, CA, 92832.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Haack, Arthur Michael of the BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS trademark.
                           






On Thursday, March 28, 2002,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS by 
                        Haack, Arthur Michael, Fullerton, CA  92832.
                        The USPTO has given the BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS 
                        trademark serial  number of  78118301.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS is 
                        
                        
                                            ARTHUR MICHAEL HAACK of 
                                            141 W. WILSHIRE AVE. # 307,  FULLERTON CA 92832,  
                                .
                            The BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Restaurant and Hotel Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS 
                            is Restaurant. 
                            





Word mark:
 BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

2/26/2006






  Serial Number:  
78118301


  Filing Date:  
3/28/2002


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Restaurant


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/3/2002


Last Applicant/Owner:

Haack, Arthur MichaelFullerton, CA  92832
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Punctuation marks, including commas(,), question marks(?), exclamation points(!¡), ampersands(&), at symbols(@), and hyphens(  -  )  (Heraldry, flags, crowns, crosses, arrows and symbols   -  Notational signs and symbols) see more design...


                                                    Plain single line rectangles (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...


                                                    Rectangles with bars, bands and lines (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...


                                                    Other lines, bands or bars (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("RESTAURANTS")


 Correspondent:


ARTHUR MICHAEL HAACK
141 W. WILSHIRE AVE. # 307
FULLERTON CA 92832







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (043) - Services for providing food and drink; temporary accommodations. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/26/2006
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ARTHUR MICHAEL HAACK


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search barbraannsrestaurant on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS 




BARBRAANN'S RESTAURANTS is providing Restaurant.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Michael D Haack - Hastings, NE | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael D Haack in Hastings, NE


Michael D Haack

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael D Haack  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Hastings, NE.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Mike  Haack


Get Report Now

Age

Michael D Haack is in his 50s

Michael Has Lived In

Hastings, NE
Broken Bow, NE

Michael's Relatives

John Haack
Leola Haack
Sheryl Haack
Megan Haack







Michael D Haack



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Plains Equipment Group



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael D Haack
Get a Criminal Check on Michael D Haack
Get a Public Record Report on Michael D Haack
Get a People Search Report on Michael D Haack


Michael D Haack's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael D Haack has lived as well as Michael D Haack's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael D Haack Has Lived in 1 States
Nebraska Address for Michael D Haack


1203 E P*** S* 

Hastings, NE


Has Lived In

Hastings, NE
Broken Bow, NE


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael D Haack

(402) ***-**** - Hastings, NE 
(308) ***-**** - Broken Bow, NE 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael D Haack

m*****2@***.net


Get Email Report




Michael D Haack's Professional Information
Information regarding Michael D Haack's professional history.  Find out previous places Michael D Haack has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael D Haack Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Plains Equipment Group
               
Michael D Haack's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Plains Equipment Group
Job Details
               We sell and support; Tractors, Compact Tractors, Self-Propelled Sprayers, Combines, AMS Products, ISG Services, Self-Propelled Forage Harvesters, Commercial Scraper Tractors / tools, hay tools, planters, lawn & garden products, commercial mowing, Gator utility vehicles, skid steers, track loaders, excavators, backhoes, Stihl hand held power tools, Reinke Pivots and many other lines of equipment that can be found under: Equipment > Other Products on the left menu bar. We back our product lines with professional, factory trained employees that desire to see YOU succeed in your business, property care, and hobbies. Since 2011, we have proudly provided you with an industry exclusive customer technical support call center. This extended hour support center, is staffed locally and began by providing key support for John Deere Sprayers and AMS products. Today, we have grown our staff and have branched out into other product platforms to best serve our customers. Find out more by clicking the Tech Support Center link on the left menu bar. Plains Equipment Group™ Mission:Plains Equipment Group™ is a trusted partner providing quality products, innovative solutions and outstanding service to our agricultural, residential and commercial customers. Plains Equipment Group™ Vision: Our vision is to become the equipment dealer most recognized for its exceptional people, partnerships and performance. At Plains Equipment Group™, the success of our business is measured not by our personal accomplishment but by the satisfaction and business success of our customers and communities we are privileged to serve. Thank you for visiting us online! We appreciate the opportunity to earn YOUR business!
Additional Professional Information on Michael D Haack

 See Michael D Haack's LinkedIn Profile



Michael D Haack's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael D Haack


Michael D Haack's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael D Haack's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Haack
Username Matches

                  MichaelHaack
                  HaackMichael
                  Michael.Haack
                  Haack.Michael
                  Michael_Haack
                  Haack_Michael
                  Michael-Haack
                  Haack-Michael
                  MHaack
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Haack







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Eagle Materials Announces the Appointment of Michael Haack as Chief Operating Officer (NYSE:EXP)

























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Dec 1, 2014



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Eagle Materials Announces the Appointment of Michael Haack as Chief Operating Officer


 DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Eagle Materials Inc. (NYSE: EXP) is pleased to announce that Michael

      Haack has been appointed Chief Operating Officer (COO), reporting to

      Steve Rowley, President and CEO. The COO position is a newly created one

      in response to the company's significant growth and continued strategic

      expansion in construction and energy-related markets.

    


      Michael joins Eagle from Halliburton Energy Services, where he enjoyed a

      17-year career with successively important operating positions, most

      recently with the management of Global Operations for Sperry Drilling, a

      multi-billion dollar company in the drilling and evaluation division of

      Halliburton with operations in every major global oil and gas market. He

      was awarded a Master of Business Administration degree from Rice

      University, and holds a Master of Science degree from Texas A&M

      University and a Bachelor of Science degree from Purdue University, both

      in Industrial Engineering.

    

Steve Rowley commented that "We are proud to have such a high-caliber

      and experienced individual as Michael joining the Eagle team. His

      placement in this newly created position is timely given our growth

      progress and strategic aspirations. Michael's experience will be

      especially valuable given our growth into energy-related markets, most

      notably in frac-sand and specialty oil-well casing cement. This

      represents a significant step in the expansion of our strong operating

      leadership team and is aimed at ensuring the long-term continuity of

      Eagle's enviable performance track record."

    

About Eagle Materials Inc.


Eagle Materials Inc. manufactures and distributes Cement, Gypsum

      Wallboard, Recycled Paperboard, Concrete and Aggregates, and Oil and Gas

      Proppants from 40 facilities across the US. Eagle is headquartered in

      Dallas, Texas.

    

Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains

      forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the

      Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of

      1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

      Forward-looking statements may be identified by the context of the

      statement and generally arise when the Company is discussing its

      beliefs, estimates or expectations. These statements are not historical

      facts or guarantees of future performance but instead represent only the

      Company's belief at the time the statements were made regarding future

      events which are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other

      factors many of which are outside the Company's control. Actual results

      and outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in

      such forward-looking statements. The principal risks and uncertainties

      that may affect the Company's actual performance include the following:

      the cyclical and seasonal nature of the Company's business; public

      infrastructure expenditures; adverse weather conditions; the fact that

      our products are commodities and that prices for our products are

      subject to material fluctuation due to market conditions and other

      factors beyond our control; availability of raw materials; changes in

      energy costs including, without limitation, natural gas, coal and oil;

      changes in the cost and availability of transportation; unexpected

      operational difficulties, including unexpected maintenance costs,

      equipment downtime and interruption of production; fluctuations in

      activity in the oil and gas industry, including the level of fracturing

      activities; inability to timely execute announced capacity expansions;

      difficulties and delays in the development of new business lines;

      governmental regulation and changes in governmental and public policy

      (including, without limitation, climate change regulation); possible

      outcomes of pending or future litigation or arbitration proceedings;

      changes in economic conditions specific to any one or more of the

      Company's markets; competition; announced increases in capacity in the

      gypsum wallboard and cement industries; changes in the demand for

      residential housing construction or commercial construction; general

      economic conditions; and interest rates. For example, increases

      in interest rates, decreases in demand for construction materials or

      increases in the cost of energy (including, without limitation, natural

      gas, coal and oil) could affect the revenues and operating earnings of

      our operations. In addition, changes in national or regional

      economic conditions and levels of infrastructure and construction

      spending could also adversely affect the Company's result of operations.

      These and other factors are described in the Company's Annual Report on

      Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 and in its Quarterly

      Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014. These

      reports are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With

      respect to our previously announced acquisition of CRS Proppants,

      factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events and

      developments to vary materially from those anticipated in

      forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our failure

      to realize the expected synergies or other benefits of the transaction,

      significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, changes in market

      conditions in the frac sand and related industries and general economic

      and business conditions that may affect us after the acquisition. All

      forward-looking statements made herein are made as of the date hereof,

      and the risk that actual results will differ materially from

      expectations expressed herein will increase with the passage of time.
The Company undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking

      statement to reflect future events or changes in the Company's

      expectations.





Eagle Materials Inc.Steven R. Rowley, 214-432-2000President

      and Chief Executive OfficerorD. Craig Kesler, 214-432-2000Executive

      Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerorRobert S.

      Stewart, 214-432-2000Executive Vice President, Strategy,

      Corporate Development and Communications



Source: Eagle Materials Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media








 








Eagle Materials Appoints Haack COO


















































































Home 





News 





Key Issues 





Features 





Equipment & Technology 





Blog 





Frac Sand 





Buyers' Guide 





 



 Home
— About Us
— Contact Us
— Newsletter
— Subscribe
— Advertise
— Rock Products Media Kit
— Current Issue
— Digital Archives
— Events
 News
— Distributor News
 Key Issues
— Environment
— Economics
— Last Call
— On the Mark
— Permitting
— Law
— Community Relations
— Management
— Safety & Health
 Features
 Equipment & Technology
— Equipment & Technology
— Pumps & Motors
— Drilling & Blasting
— Loading & Hauling
— Crushing & Breaking
— Material Handling & Conveying
— Screening & Sizing
— Loadout & Drones
— Maintenance & Wear Parts
 Blog
— 120th Anniversary
— Manufacturers in Focus
— People on the Move
— Prime-Time Products
— LIVE from ConExpo-Con/Agg
— Rock Stars
 Frac Sand
— Frac Sand Newsletter
— Market Buzz
— Producer News
— Analysis
— New Products
— Frac Sand Conference
 Buyers' Guide















Distributor News 
















































Home

 



News

 




Eagle Materials Appoints Haack COO 



















Eagle Materials Appoints Haack COO 


 

 


Details


Published: Monday, 29 December 2014 21:43 


Written by Rock Products News 













Eagle Materials Inc. appointed Michael Haack to the position of chief operating officer (COO), reporting to Steve Rowley, president and CEO. The COO position is a newly created one in response to the company's significant growth and continued strategic expansion in construction and energy-related markets.
Haack joins Eagle from Halliburton Energy Services, where he enjoyed a 17-year career with successively important operating positions, most recently with the management of Global Operations for Sperry Drilling, a multi-billion dollar company in the drilling and evaluation division of Halliburton with operations in every major global oil and gas market.
He earned a Master of Business Administration degree from Rice University, and holds a Master of Science degree from Texas A&M University and a Bachelor of Science degree from Purdue University, both in Industrial Engineering.
“We are proud to have such a high-caliber and experienced individual as Michael joining the Eagle team,” Rowley said. “His placement in this newly created position is timely given our growth progress and strategic aspirations. Michael's experience will be especially valuable given our growth into energy-related markets, most notably in frac sand and specialty oil-well casing cement. This represents a significant step in the expansion of our strong operating leadership team and is aimed at ensuring the long-term continuity of Eagle's enviable performance track record.” Tags:  Eagle Materials  Michael Haack  COO  Halliburton Energy Services  Related Articles   Eagle Materials Reports Strong First Quarter ...     Construction Material Prices Building Up Construction Costs...     Single-Family Housing Starts Bounce Back in June...     Luck Ecosystems Expands Operations into Maryland...     Polaris Materials Addresses First-Half Progress...     Source Energy Services Issues Update...  
















































Resource Center



No iframes








Most Popular






MSHA Reports Fifth Fatality This Year 



Eagle Materials Reports Strong First Quarter 



Construction Material Prices Building Up Construction Costs 



Senate Committee Votes to Save, Increase TIGER Grants 



LafargeHolcim Notes U.S. Business Gains in Second Quarter 




More inLatest News   




























































Contact Details



Mining Media, International 8751 E. Hampden Ave B1 Denver, CO 80231 USA   T: +1 (303) 283-0640 F: +1 (303) 283-0641   [email protected]  [email protected]









Help and Support




Subscription Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy












 











 






















E&MJ 





Coal Age 





Concrete Products 





Cement Americas 





Equipo Minero 





C&D World 





ASIA Miner 



 











© 2017 | All rights reserved.















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Michael Haack Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



















 



Michael Haack Obituary, New Berlin, WI








 






























Skubal-Slattery, Koelsch, Ryczek, Rudolph, Bistricky-Irsch-Grosse-Abe, Leszczynski




(414) 476-0052(262) 827-0659
Contact Us 


















Michael Haack Obituary






































View More Obituaries







Michael
Jeffery
Haack


October 7, 1950 - October 9, 2012

Born in New Berlin, WI

Resided in New Berlin, WI

 







 

Contat Us
Guestbook
Services


    	Send Flowers    





Obituary



            Michael J. Haack,

In Loving memory Michael October 9, 2012, age 62.  Michael is survived by his wife of 27 years Jill, his daughter Tarah Haack of Madison, WI, his 3 brothers Gary (Kathy) Haack of Couderay, WI, Jeff (Kerry) Haack of Fortworth, Texas and Keith Grant of Waukesha, WI. He is also survived by a niece Laura (Jay) Hammerel and 3 nephews; Gary Jr, Dylon and Weston Haack, 2 great nephews Peyton Hammerel and Damien Haack. 

Michael was a member of Local 669 Sprinkler Filter Union. He was an avid outdoorsman; he loved deer hunting and walleye fishing on the Chippewa Flowage.  

He will be greatly missed by close friends Warren and Jack, and many other dear friends and relatives. 

Private Services will be held in Hayward, Wis.                                
                        To send flowers or a remembrance gift to the family of Michael Haack, please visit our Tribute Store.                    



 back to top




Guestbook













 back to top

 


Services



Service
Private






 back to top













                Please select the sections you wish to print:            





                      Obituary text                



                      Main obituary photo                



                      Guestbook                



                      All photos                



                      Service information                



                      Print all                














 View More Obituaries




 






 Welcome to Church & Chapel 










Order Flowers

Send condolence flowers, fulfilled by locally owned Alfa Flowers.
Order Now
 

Grief Support Blog

Our Caring Companion Grief Support Blog offers encouraging words and guidance through yuor grieving process.
Visit Blog
 




Prepare for the conference with your Funeral Director

We offer a complete set of online forms that help you gather and provide the information you will be asked during your meeting with one of our funeral directors
Begin Here









HomeAbout Us/Reviews
The Church and Chapel DifferenceMeet Our StaffOur HistoryConvenient Locations
BrookfieldWest AllisWaukesha/PewaukeeMilwaukee NorthwestNew BerlinCudahyJoin Us On FacebookRead Our ReviewsSubmit a ReviewServices/Merchandise
Burial
Funeral ServicesService & Pricing PhilosophyPersonalize a Funeral ServiceFuneral ProductsPrepare for a ConferenceWisconsin Funeral and Cemetery Aids Program - English (PDF)Wisconsin Funeral and Cemetery Aids Program - Spanish (PDF)Prayer Cards and CandlesSend FlowersGeneral Price List (PDF)Cremation
Cremation ServicesPersonalize a Cremation ServiceService & Pricing PhilosophyCremation ProductsCremation GuidelinesPrepare for a ConferencePrayer Cards and CandlesSend FlowersGeneral Price List (PDF)Plan Ahead
Why Plan AheadFree Personal Pre-Planning GuideMeet Our Pre-Planning StaffBegin Preplanning NowFuneral Preplanning Info (PDF)General Price List (PDF)Wisconsin Funeral and Cemetery Aids Program (PDF)Resources/Forms
Helpful Information
Frequently Asked QuestionsWhat To Do When Death OccursVeterans BenefitsSocial Security BenefitsLocal CemeteriesLocal Older Adult ServicesKaty's Kloset Brochure (PDF)Forms Library
Preplanning Info GuideFuneral Preplanning Info (PDF)General Price List (PDF)Submit Obituary InformationWisconsin Final Disposition Form (PDF)Cremation Authorization Form (PDF)Grief Support
Our Grief Support ServicesSupport Group DirectoryCaring Companion Grief Support BlogSubscribe to Our Grief Support NewsletterGrief Seminars and ProgramsDr. Alan Wolfelt Support LibraryRecommended BooksJourney of Grief VideosGrief Support DVD Lending LibraryObituaries
ObituariesSubscribeOrder Flowers
(414) 476-0052
(262) 827-0659



Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info.







