



Home - Fave4 - A Hairstyling Collection






Home - Fave4 - A Hairstyling Collection

























































































































Facebook




Twitter




Instagram




Pinterest




YouTube



 
 
 
















Select Page



 
 








 












Click here
 

 
 





shop
 

 
 





shop
 

 
 
 
 
 









 







The fave4 fanatics Facebook group is the place to connect and chat hair, trade styling tips, ask questions and share about all your hair faves.
Click on over and show us how it’s done!

 

Want to be a fave4 fanatic?
Get exclusive promos, hair tutorials and fun stuff
from our fave4 Style Experts.




First Name



Last Name



Email Address


Sign Me Up!




 
 
 
 
 




23
Unique Formulas

 
 


76K
Social Media Fans & Growing

 
 


3
Million Social Media Likes

 
 
 
 




Ready to Find Your Fave?
Hairdressers’ favorite products for clients’ favorite looks.

 
 
 





Shampoos & Conditioners

 




Styling Creams

 




Finishing Sprays

 
 


 
 
 
 
 





Bless Your Body honey dew lotion and body wash!! Yay!!!!!! sulfate free, gluten free, paraben free, NO animal testing either. Just fabulousness in a couple of big jugs!! Smells so good….
Jessie James Decker
President of Good Hair
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 






Subscribe To Our NewsletterJoin our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team.










SUBSCRIBE!





You have Successfully Subscribed!


































Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


 









The Best Budget Hair Styling Products For Men Tried And Tested! (Men's Hair) ✖ James Welsh - YouTube 


 
  



































































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    The Best Budget Hair Styling Products For Men Tried And Tested! (Men's Hair) ✖ James Welsh
  



 










James Welsh














Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from James Welsh?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe128K 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript



Add translations

276,326 views







1,726

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



1,727


99

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



100











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on Aug 9, 2015Inspired by a subscribers comment, here are the the best budget hair styling products available on the hughstreet! SUBSCRIBE:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPP2...Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/jameswlshAnd on Instagram: https://instagram.com/jameswlsh/Lynx Peace Cream: http://goo.gl/eKKaqFVo5 Matt Clay: http://goo.gl/xfAcOSGarnier Fructis: https://goo.gl/JE3PybL 'Oreal Paris Remix Putty: http://goo.gl/9NbH6lMusic - Gavin Luke: Dead Cat 2 



      Category
    

Howto & Style




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    












Advertisement
      








Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    The Best Budget Hair Styling Products For Men Tried And Tested! PART 2 (Men's Hair) ✖ James Welsh
  

     - Duration: 17:22.
  
James Welsh
119,465 views



17:22














    Mens Hairstyling into 2017 | BEST and WORST Hair Products
  

     - Duration: 8:16.
  
BluMaan
385,003 views



8:16





    Indian Hair Products - Full Hair Styling Routine ✖ James Welsh
  

     - Duration: 9:42.
  
James Welsh
613,336 views



9:42





    BEST HAIR STYLING BRANDS YOU SHOULD USE IN INDIA | Men's hairstyles 2017 ft. UrbanGabru, Helium
  

     - Duration: 15:31.
  
UrbanGabru Men's LifeStyle
79,844 views



15:31





    Mens Hair | Testing Out the WORST HAIR PRODUCTS
  

     - Duration: 8:45.
  
BluMaan
737,288 views



8:45





    How To Choose The Best Hair Product For Your Hairstyle | Hair Product Selection Tips
  

     - Duration: 7:20.
  
alpha m.
913,370 views



7:20





    Best Budget Hair Styling Products For Men Tried And Tested! PART 3 (Men's Hair) 2016 ✖ James Welsh
  

     - Duration: 17:38.
  
James Welsh
52,813 views



17:38





    MUST HAVE Hair Products For Men!!
  

     - Duration: 2:57.
  
Styleogue
73,381 views



2:57





    Testing Cheap Drugstore Hair Products To Find The BEST | Dove, Axe, Old Spice, Got2B, American Crew
  

     - Duration: 14:32.
  
alpha m.
249,699 views



14:32





    Gatsby Moving Rubber - TRIED AND TESTED!  Mens Hair Product Review 2016 ✖ James Welsh
  

     - Duration: 10:01.
  
James Welsh
60,749 views



10:01





    Mens Hairstyling | Choosing the BEST Product for Your Hairstyle
  

     - Duration: 9:58.
  
BluMaan
661,945 views



9:58





    American Crew Fiber Review | Men's Hair
  

     - Duration: 7:05.
  
Cameron Cretney
346,791 views



7:05





    Men's Hair | Guide To Hairstyling Products
  

     - Duration: 7:10.
  
Robin James
94,315 views



7:10





    Men's Back To School Hair Styles - HAIR DRYER FREE! - ( Men's Hair Tutorial ) ✖ James Welsh
  

     - Duration: 4:53.
  
James Welsh
169,491 views



4:53





    Hair Products - Wax, Pomade, Clay, Gel ~ What's the Difference?
  

     - Duration: 10:40.
  
BluMaan
1,211,786 views



10:40





    TOP 5 BEST MEN'S HAIR PRODUCTS FOR 2017
  

     - Duration: 7:03.
  
EveryMan
19,088 views



7:03





    The Best Budget Hair Clay For Men
  

     - Duration: 5:51.
  
Robin James
133,728 views



5:51





    Real Reviews: Trends: Three Hair Wax Brands for Men
  

     - Duration: 1:45.
  
Real Reviews
50,807 views



1:45





    How To Use Hair Wax
  

     - Duration: 3:58.
  
Robin James
533,046 views



3:58





    Gatsby Styling Wax Mat and Hard Hair Style Review
  

     - Duration: 5:21.
  
BeAwesome.
293,370 views



5:21




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 

 












LeBron James’ personal barber dishes on the NBA star’s mysterious hairline | For The Win






















































































NBA
























LeBron James' personal barber dishes on the NBA star's mysterious hairline
 


LeBron James' personal barber dishes on the NBA star's mysterious hairline


NBA

LeBron James' personal barber dishes on the NBA star's mysterious hairline




	By Nick Schwartz
June 13, 2015 1:21 pm


					Follow					@Nick_Schwartz				











35k
shares



share



tweet



sms



send



email




		By: Nick Schwartz		| June 13, 2015 1:21 pm		




		Follow @Nick_Schwartz	





Bob Donnan/USA TODAY Sports
LeBron James has been battling a receding hairline for much of his NBA career, and a number of sudden changes to the 30-year-old’s hairline (his hair was in pristine shape last September for the release of the LeBron 12, but James appeared to be bald a few days later) have left fans wondering what’s really going on.
Tony Gutierrez/AP
Some suspect that James uses special hair products or hair powders like Bigen to give the appearance of having real hair, but James’ personal barber Nick Castemanos swears that James’ hair is completely natural.
Via Yahoo!:
“There is no dye. No additives. No preservatives. Everyone thinks he’s dying his hair using [temporary hair colorings] Bigen or Black Ice. It’s all his hair. They still don’t believe me. I get Bigen comments all the time…. I’ve become numb to it. It used to bother me. It’s not easy to hear that.”
Ken Blaze/USA TODAY Sports
In an extensive interview with Yahoo! Sports, Castemanos recounts his remarkable career path (he cut hair for NBA players in Miami for years before James arrived, and after James returned to Cleveland he asked Castemanos to move to Ohio), and revealed that James is much more particular about his beard than his hair.
“LeBron is very tedious about how his hair is cut. The beard is the No. 1 thing. He leaves the top up to me. I leave him less bald. He’s my guy. He’s my hardest haircut. He has good hair. You have to cut it right.”






Cleveland Cavaliers, Hair, LeBron James, NBA



35k
shares



share



tweet



sms



send



email








		Nick Schwartz	




		Follow @Nick_Schwartz	



		Nick Schwartz wrote for FTW from 2013-16. He believes The Rock should have his own emoji. 	
More …


Recommended Videos






More FTW









271 shares6hr ago
NBA


				Brandon Jennings leaves the NBA having never shown all he could have been			









4.4k shares2d ago
MLB


				Phillies prospect completes an inside-the-park grand slam with a jaw-dropping slide			









308 shares4hr ago
MLB


				How two Venezuelan baseball players deal with the chaos destroying their home			








The Latest










				3hr			


NBA 3hr ago 


							Shaq seemed to actually spend time on this LaVar Ball diss track					


Shaq’s diss track is pretty good. 










				4hr			


MLB 4hr ago 


							New White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci is a huge Mets fan					


The Long Island native owns a small stake in the team and has tweeted criticism of Tim Teufel. 










reply 


308
		shares	





				4hr			


MLB 4hr ago 


							How two Venezuelan baseball players deal with the chaos destroying their home					


“I know one day I’ll wake up and everything is going to be great. Everything is going to be back to normal. When is that going to (…)










				6hr			


NBA 6hr ago 


							Middle school teacher says his students believed Kyrie Irving about world being flat					


This is not great. 










reply 


271
		shares	





				6hr			


NBA 6hr ago 


							Brandon Jennings leaves the NBA having never shown all he could have been					


Brandon Jennings inspired the basketball community. 










				7hr			


MLB 7hr ago 


							4 MLB deadline deals that should totally happen but probably won't					


Will Justin Verlander be on the move this weekend?  










				7hr			


NCAAB 7hr ago 


							Maryland's Blair Watson and Bri Fraser pulled off an absurd combo trick-shot while using Snapchat					


Unbelievable.  










				8hr			


High School 8hr ago 


							LaVar Ball tells another woman to 'stay in her lane'					


A disturbing moment at an AAU tournament 










				8hr			


WWE 8hr ago 


							The voice of Ring of Honor, Ian Riccaboni, takes advantage of opportunity					


“I felt comfortable jumping in with both feet and I couldn’t say yes fast enough,” he said.  










				9hr			


Swimming 9hr ago 


							Simone Manuel uses another dramatic finish to stun record-holder at swimming worlds					


What an incredible comeback. 





		Follow FTW!	

Social

				See FTW stories in your feed			
Like For The Win
Follow For The Win


Newsletter

				Get 10 hot stories each day			




Sign me up!


Success

					Thanks for signing up.
					You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow.
				


Whoa!

					Something went wrong.
				

					Try again?
				



Podcast

				Hear FTW writers out loud			
Latest podcast


More NBA





 
Recent



Shaq seemed to actually spend time on this LaVar Ball diss track






Middle school teacher says his students believed Kyrie Irving about world being flat






271 shares
Brandon Jennings leaves the NBA having never shown all he could have been


Most Popular



271 shares
Brandon Jennings leaves the NBA having never shown all he could have been






396 shares
'Last Chance U' star Brittany Wagner on her bold next step and the rift with Buddy Stephens






4.4k shares
Phillies prospect completes an inside-the-park grand slam with a jaw-dropping slide






459 shares
The coach at 'Last Chance U' doesn't want the show to leave Scooba






Shaq seemed to actually spend time on this LaVar Ball diss track






174 shares
NBA fans think the Warriors are trolling the Cavaliers with their latest signing






699 shares
Matt Kuchar gives an incredible answer about fatherhood after losing the British Open




 







Terms of Service
Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights
Ad Choices
Contact For The Win


			Powered by WordPress.com VIP 



			Show More Information		

















Home



Follow us…











NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
NCAAF
MMA
Racing
Golf
Culture
NCAAB
Tennis
Boxing
Soccer
Olympics
Video
Podcasts
Lists
Longform
GIFs
Graphics


Terms of Service
Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights
Ad Choices
Contact For The Win

				Powered by WordPress.com VIP 









http://usat.ly/1L7agjc
LeBron James' personal barber dishes on the NBA star's mysterious hairline
LeBron James has been battling a receding hairline for much of his NBA career, and a number of sudden changes to the 30-year-old’s (…)

I found this on FTW and wanted to share: 
 
%link% 
 
For more great sports stories ... 
 
*visit For The Win: https://www.ftw.usatoday.com 
*follow @ForTheWin: https://www.twitter.com/forthewin 
*like FTW on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/usatodayftw










Post to



Cancel







 























































































































































































LeBron James' hair has grown back, apparently | FOX Sports







































Menu



FOX Sports


Scores



    
 





 










LeBron James’ hair has grown back, apparently








 LeBron James during the introduction of the LeBron 12 shoe at the Nike World Headquarters in Beaverton, Ore., on Tuesday. 
  STEVE DYKES/AP















                    Brett Smiley
                

                        @brettsmiley                    








            Sep 17, 2014 at 12:14p ET        



 
















0Shares




It’s been quite an offseason for NBA superstar LeBron James: first he emotionally departed from the Miami Heat in free agency to return home to the Cleveland Cavaliers (minus the Boys and Girls Club this time), then he shed some serious weight thanks to a carb-cutting diet, and now it appears that his hair has grown back on the top of his head.
On Tuesday night James appeared at Nike’s Oregon headquarters to promote the release of his new LeBron 12 line of shoes, but … that hair. 
What’s the opposite of receded? Growth, I guess. LeBron’s hair has magically grown back. 
James entered the national radar as a teenager and the 2014-2015 season with the Cavaliers will be his 12th in the NBA. Point is, fans have witnessed James’ hairline steadily recede (and hide beneath a headband) for over a decade. Check a photo timeline here for reference.

The hair comeback is most noticeable in the power alleys. James didn’t quite have the deep alleys like Pat Riley or Billy Donovan, but he was lacking in those spot rights above the temple.
If you don’t see it, look closer. People on Twitter have taken notice, and we know that people who say things on the Internet are never wrong. 
Your bald writer wants to know his secret. I tried Propecia at age 19 to no avail. But James has more resources at his disposal.
It’s good to be the King. 
 










Buzzer editorial 

















0Shares












FOX Sports Go







									LIVE NOW								











 FS1 





  10:00p ET 

UFC Weigh-In - UFC 214: Cormier vs. Jones 2











 FS2 





  10:30p ET 

Bundesliga Top Goals - I




 


									FEATURED								










 FOX 



 Tomorrow 12:30p ET 
NCWTS Setup - Pocono










 FS1 



 Tomorrow 4:00p ET 
Giants at Dodgers










 FOX 



 Tomorrow 5:00p ET 
Atlanta vs. Orlando








									UPCOMING								










 FS2 



 Today 10:30p ET 
Bundesliga Top Goals - I










 FS1 



 Today 11:00p ET 
NHRA Drag Racing - Toyota Sonoma Nationals, Qualifying



























LeBron James’ hair has grown back, apparently

UP NEXT







 


















LeBron James’ hair has grown back, apparently

UP NEXT







 

 

Statistical Information provided by STATS
© 2017 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy.
Advertising Choices | EULA

 












 


claudio-st-james hair care products















































Toggle navigation







138beautysupply.com







138beautysupply.com






My Account
|
Login / Register





 



















Gift Certificate

Hair

100% Virgin Remi bundles Hair

Natural  Extensions
Lace Wigs
Top Closures
5A-6A-7A grade

Human Hair
Synthetic Hair

Eon and Kadi Natural Hair
Ponytail
African Pony
X-Pression
Bonne Collection
BBS Hair

Remi Hair 100% Human


Hair Care

Claudio St James
Dr. Miracles
Hawaiian Silky
Ampro
Dark & Lovely
Mizani


Hair Color

Beautiful Collection
Bigen
Texture & Tones
Jazzing
Just 5
Just For Men

Brush In Color Gel
Shampoo In Haircolor

High Beams
Dark and Lovely
CREME OF NATURE


Hair Tools

Andis
Oster
Wahl
Gold N Hot


Skin Care

7Days
21Days
55H+
A3 Clear Action
Acne Gone
African formula
African Venus
Ambi
Betavate
BIANCA
Bio 26
Bio Claire
Body Clear
Caro White
Clair Action
Clair & White
Clear Essence
Clear Tone
Dermaclair
Dettol
Diva Maxima
Eclat Gel
Edguard
Fair & White
H2O
HT26
HP25
Hypprogel
Kalibu
Labidjanaise
Lumiere
MAKARI
Maxi Light
Maxi White
MEKAKO
Miss Caroline
Movate
Neutrotone
OKAY
Peau Claire
Pharma&White
PHAMAPUR
Ra Cosmetic
Razac
Rosance
Rose
Royal White
Skin Light
Stainless
Top Gel
Topiclear
Tura


POSTERS & MAGAZINES

Accessories

The Bead Barrette
Gadgets Electronic




















Home > Hair Care > Claudio St James





























Claudio-st-James hair care productsOrder a case (48 bottles of any Claudio St James products) and save $4.50 each$4.00 per unit for buying at least 12$3.25 per unit for buying at least 48  - Call if you would like to mix-and-match to make a case (flat rate shipping fee is $20/case - U.S. Only)




















Sort By:

Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Most Popular
Title
Manufacturer
Newest
Oldest
Availability


 








15 per page
30 per page
60 per page
90 per page
150 per page



Page  of 2  




















































24/7 Sparkle Wave 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  








Antiseptic Blue Ice Mentholated  8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  








Apricot Hair Food Vitamin E 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  
















24/7 Sparkle Wave 8 oz




Removes dirt, germs & excess oils from scalp. Spray on body after a good workout to rejuvenate tired muscles; leaves skin refreshingly clean & germ-free




Apricot - Claudio St James Hair Products Vitamin E Hair Food Hair Thickner Dandruff Control Dry Scalp Conditioner




































Bond Remover 4 oz





  Our Price: $3.49  








Braid Oil Vitamin E 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  








Bye Bye Braids 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  
















Bond Remover - Claudio St James Hair Products




Braids Oil - Claudio St James Hair Products All Natural with Vitamin E




Bye Bye Braids - Claudio St James Hair Products The World's Best Braid Remover For Professionals Bye Bye Braids:




































Caribbean Sparkle 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  








Egyptian Sparkle 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  








Emerald Sparkle 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  
















Caribbean Sparkle - Claudio St James Hair Products Water Free Perm & Braid Sheen Polish with Conditioner ...




Egyptian Sparkle - Claudio St James Hair Products Water Free Perm & Braid Sheen Polish with Conditioner




Emerald Sparkle - Claudio St James Hair Products. Water Free Perm & Braid Sheen Polish with Conditioner Emerald Sparkle Sheen Polish: Perm & braid sheen polish 




































Mist n Go Detangler 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  








Mousse Apple 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  








Mousse Cherry 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  
















Mist N Go Ultra Lite Weaving Sheen Lustrously Silk Water Free Alcohol Free Salon Designed Leave In Detangler Synthetic ...




Mousse - Claudio St James Hair Products Soft N Foamy Braiding Mousse Braids, Perm, locs, Wet Waves...




Mousse - Claudio St James Hair Products Soft N Foamy Braiding Mousse Braids, Perm, locs, Wet Waves...




































Mousse Original 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  








Pony Tail Detangling Sheen 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  








Scalp Cooler 8 oz





  Our Price: $4.75  
















Mousse - Claudio St James Hair Products Soft N Foamy Braiding Mousse Braids, Perm, locs, Wet Waves...




Pony Tail - Claudio St James Hair Products Super Lite Easy Comb Detangling Sheen




Scalp Cooler - Claudio St James Hair Products Braid Sheen Scalp Cooler: Soothes too tight braids & dry itchy scalp. It really works! (for african braids & twist, corn rows, & flat twists).















 
 


  














 





Copyright © 2013 138 Beauty Supply. All Rights Reserved.

















Merchant Services 
















JAME BROOK’S SET for ANTI LOSS HAIR SHAMPOO and GROW HAIR SERUM set hair, James Brooks, growing new hair to hair loss, hair loss, alopecia inhibiting 300 Ml. – Todays Health Watch












































































Todays Health Watch







Menu












 


JAME BROOK’S SET for ANTI LOSS HAIR SHAMPOO and GROW HAIR SERUM set hair, James Brooks, growing new hair to hair loss, hair loss, alopecia inhibiting 300 Ml.






Buy product


SKU: B01JYS06HK
Category: Kitchen
Tag: Household Supplies





Description


Customer Reviews


Additional Information



Product Description
Great Gift idea for Friend & Family and this item will shipment within 24 hours.  JAME BROOK’S SET for ANTI LOSS HAIR SHAMPOO and GROW HAIR SERUM set hair, James Brooks, growing new hair to hair loss, hair loss, alopecia inhibiting 300 Ml.

JAME BROOK’S SET for ANTI LOSS HAIR SHAMPOO and GROW HAIR SERUM set hair, James Brooks, growing new hair to hair loss, hair loss, alopecia inhibiting 300 Ml.
Made in Thailand
Made of high quality material
delivery time 14-21 days
Easy to use.

 

 

Additional Information


Brand
JAME BROOK’S



Color
Black



EAN
8547585421056



EANList



Feature
JAME BROOK’S SET for ANTI LOSS HAIR SHAMPOO and GROW HAIR SERUM set hair, James Brooks, growing new hair to hair loss, hair loss, alopecia inhibiting 300 Ml.



Label
Thailand



Manufacturer
Thailand



PackageQuantity
1



ProductGroup
Kitchen



ProductTypeName
KITCHEN



Publisher
Thailand



Studio
Thailand



Title
JAME BROOK’S SET for ANTI LOSS HAIR SHAMPOO and GROW HAIR SERUM set hair, James Brooks, growing new hair to hair loss, hair loss, alopecia inhibiting 300 Ml.






Related Products


Aprince Set of 2 Heat Resistant Silicone Oven Rack Protector Shields – Protect your hands against accidental burns and injury (Grey)
$10.00
Buy product

Made in USA Autism Awareness Magnet 4 X 8 Inches
$3.45
Buy product

#anorexia – Hashtag Ceramic Latte Mug 17oz
$25.89
Buy product




 


AD 



AD 



Products


 I Wear Pink for My Mom T-shirt Breast Cancer Shirts Large Sports Grey

$9.91


 Coronary Heart Disease Prevention: A Handbook for the Health Care Team, 2e

$62.95


 Reaching for Answers to Crohn's Disease

$11.99 $7.50


 Best Choice, Dr. Recommended Knee Brace Support For Joint Pain Relief Of Patellar Tendonitis, Arthritis, Bursitis, Meniscus Knee Injury, Swollen Knee, Runners Knee, Joint Fatigue And Strains And Ebook

$39.99 $19.95


 Women's Health Probiotic with Cranberry, Black Cohosh & Ashwagandha Root - Complete Urinary Tract Support – Dr. Formulated 60 Delayed Release Caps

$31.30 $14.97


 VibraLITE Mini 12-Alarm Vibrating Watch - Pink

$45.96


 The Mini Neurology Series: Volume 2:  Carpal Tunnel Syndrome




 Healing Brain Tumors Naturally




 Men's I Wear Green For Traumatic Brain Injury Awareness T Shirt XL Black

$18.99


 3dRose db_114711_1 Chicken Pluck Celiac Disease Awareness Ribbon Cause Design-Drawing Book, 8 by 8-Inch

$20.99 $18.99


 Allergies: Disease in Disguise : How to Heal Your Allergic Condition Permanently and Naturally




 Personality Disorders: 4 in 1 about Common Personality Disorders

$11.71


 Manipulation: 2 in 1 Beware of Manipulation and Narcissists




 Pharmacotherapy Bedside Guide (Anesthesia/Pain Medicine)

$28.00 $25.20


 Prepackaged (7 3/4 in.) BREAST Cancer Awareness Bracelet, 8mm

$6.75


 Mens It Is Not A Brain Tumor funny tshirt Large Silver

$18.99


 The Cholesterol Counter: 7th Edition

$7.50


 CopperJoint Copper Wrist Support, #1 Compression Sleeve - GUARANTEED Recovery from Pain, Sprains, Carpal Tunnel, Bursitis, Tendonitis, Arthritis - Single Brace (Right - Small)

$18.97


 21st Century Pediatric Cancer Sourcebook: Ewing Sarcoma Family of Tumors (Bone, PNET, Extraosseous) - Clinical Data and Practical Information for Patients, Families, and Physicians




 What Your Doctor May Not Tell You About Fibromyalgia: The Revolutionary Treatment That Can Reverse the Disease

$18.00 $11.68


 The Original Headache Hat Wearable Ice Pack for Migraine Headaches - Regular Size

$39.99


 Cultural Gift Natural Green Dong Ling Agate Guanyin Necklace

$36.90 $30.75


 Piping Rock Catnip 100% Pure Essential Oil 2 Dropper Bottles x 1/2 oz (15 ml) Nepeta Cataria Therapeutic Grade

$23.99


 Autism Puzzle Piece Lanyard

$9.95


 Lost in My Mind: Recovering From Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) (Reflections of America)

$19.95 $17.16


 Burn

$12.99


 PSYCHOPATH: Manipulation, Con Men And Relationship Fraud (Personality Disorders, Sociopath, Mood Disorders, Difficult Relationships, Con Artists, Lying)




 The Whole-Food Guide for Breast Cancer Survivors: A Nutritional Approach to Preventing Recurrence (The New Harbinger Whole-Body Healing Series)




 COOLOMG (Pair) Pink Ribbon Breast Cancer Awareness Arm Sleeves Basketball Baseball Football S

$37.98 $15.99


 Heart 411: The Only Guide to Heart Health You'll Ever Need

$19.99 $14.41


 COOLOMG (Pair) Baseball Arm Sleeves Gray Black Ribbon Breast Cancer Awareness XL

$37.98 $15.99


 The BEST Charcoal Creme Mask 8.8 fl. oz.- Best for Facial Treatment, Minimizes Pores & Reduces Wrinkles, Acne Scars, Blackheads & Cellulite - Great as Face Mask & Body Cleanser

$55.00 $14.50


 Medical Alert – Celiac Disease 2.25” Large Pinback Button Pin Health Symbol

$2.99


 Head and Shoulders Classic Clean Dandruff Shampoo Twin Pack, 2 Count

$15.99


 The Smiley Face-Nail Clippers-Professional AntiSlip SureGrip-finger nail clippers-For Men Women Teens Seniors-Arthritis-Stainless Steel-Storage Sleave Included-Toe Nail Clippers-Lifetime Guarantee

$11.97


 Children's Kids Chicago Cubs Chemo Hat Alopecia Head Cover Cancer Scarf

$8.00


 1 Tennis Elbow Brace & 1 Copper Infused Compression Elbow Sleeve - Pain Relief for Tennis & Golfer's Elbow - Best Forearm Brace with Gel Pad & Elbow Support - Large

$24.97 $19.97


 22 Things a Woman with Asperger's Syndrome Wants Her Partner to Know




 Estrogen Effects on Traumatic Brain Injury: Mechanisms of Neuroprotection and Repair

$99.95 $58.99


 No Burn Day Info

Free!


 Piping Rock Supreme Saffron Extract 88.5 mg 60 Quick Release Capsules Dietary Supplement

$7.49


 ❶ Pharmaceutical Grade Melatonin by Just Potent :: 10mg Tablets :: Better Sleep :: Brain Health :: 120 Count :: Fast Acting and Non-Habit Forming Sleep Aid!

$17.99 $12.99


 Turmeric Roots: Fresh Whole Organic Raw - 4 Lb. Lots Premium Quality

$28.98


 Bipolar Disorder: Learn the symptoms and strategies on how you can cope, manage, and bring back normalcy to your live after your diagnosis

$10.99


 Arthritis




 Wake Up to the Truth Behind Crohn's Disease: The Real Cause and Groundbreaking Treatment




 Men's I Wear Green For Traumatic Brain Injury Awareness T Shirt Large Navy

$18.99


 Anorexia (At Issue Series) Anorexia




 Kids Sarcoma Bone Cancer Awareness T Shirt Yellow Butterfly 4 Black

$17.49


 Yellow Ribbon Heart Bracelet Charms with Australian Crystals Fits Pandora Style Bracelets

$6.95


 Headache and Comorbidities in Childhood and Adolescence

$109.00


 123Repair Carpet Upholstery Burn Hole Cut Rips Tears Repair Kit multicolored, 13 pieces

$29.99


 2-Pack Tennis Elbow Brace with Neoprene Compression Pad By BazSport - Tennis & Golfer's Elbow Support Strap Band - Relieves Forearm Pain and Tendonitis Elbow - Plus Free Dri Fit Visor

$25.97 $13.97


 Zen All Natural Relief Balm with Coconut Oil - To relieve Aches & Pains from: Rheumatoid Arthritis, Backaches, Bursitis, Sore Muscles, Arthritis, Joint Pain, Leg Cramps, Sprains & Strains by Zen

$13.99


 The Paleovedic Diet: A Complete Program to Burn Fat, Increase Energy, and Reverse Disease

$24.99 $13.59


 NUTRILITE ClearGuard™ Anti-Allergy 30-day supply

$27.95


 Restwel Bamboo Pillow Memory Foam, Sleep Better, Relief For Neck Pain Or Migraine Headaches! Sleep Aid Stay Cool Hypoallergenic Pillow. Stay Asleep Wake Up Rested, Made In USA (King)

$97.97 $44.97


 Treatment of Bone and Soft Tissue Sarcomas (Recent Results in Cancer Research)

$209.00 $197.36


 A Simple Guide to Esophagitis, Treatment and Related Diseases (A Simple Guide to Medical Conditions)




 Biore Charcoal Acne Cleanser, 6.77 Ounce

$6.47


 Proactiv 3 Step Acne Treatment System Starter Kit (30 Day)

$34.95


 The Bipolar Disorder Survival Guide, Second Edition: What You and Your Family Need to Know

$19.95 $15.58


 Brain Tumors: An Encyclopedic Approach




 3M Littmann Classic III Stethoscope, Breast Cancer Awareness Special Edition, Rose Pink Tube, 27 inch, 5631

$81.96


 3dRose fl_113489_1 Alopecia Bites Awareness Ribbon Cause Design Garden Flag, 12 by 18-Inch

$17.77


 Calming Clipper Haircutting Kit for Sensory Sensitivity, 10 Piece

$35.00


 Breathe Fresh 5-in-1 Air Purifier w/ UV, Ozone Power, Ionizer Odor Reducer, PCO Filtration Cleaning

$299.99 $139.95


 Glycolic Acid Exfoliating Cleanser - Anti-Aging + Acne Face Wash w AHA For Wrinkles, Lines & Spots Reduction - Natural Blend of Best Rosehip & Tea Tree Oils + Jojoba Beads For a Deep Clean...

$35.99 $18.99


 Fibromyalgia and Muscle Pain: Your Guide to Self-Treatment

$16.95 $12.15


 GideonTM Shiatsu Deep Kneading Massage Pillow with Heat / Massage, Relax, Sooth and Relieve Neck, Shoulder and Back Pain (Black)

$39.95 $34.95


 Beauty and Body Dysmorphic Disorder: A Clinician's Guide




 Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Or ADHD Explained: ADHD Types, Diagnosis, Symptoms, Treatment, Causes, Neurocognitive Disorders, Prognosis, ... History, Myths, and More! Facts & Information

$10.97


 VANKER Feet Fingers Toes Hallux Valgus Corrector Bunion Separators Aligner Orthosis Foot Health Care Treatments Tools Products(small)

$3.81


 A Fractured Mind: My Life with Multiple Personality Disorder

$23.95 $12.31


 Breast Cancer Awareness Water Slide Nail Art Decals Set #3 - Salon Quality 5.5" X 3" Sheet!

$4.49







The owner of this website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon properties including, but not limited to, amazon.com, endless.com, myhabit.com, smallparts.com, or amazonwireless.com.


Home
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Contact Us
Affiliate Disclosure
DMCA
Earnings Disclaimer





















































Products


























































































  














Products


Home/Products 








			Products		


James Salon 


			2017-06-24T10:06:53+00:00		



shop aveda products
Aveda started with one shampoo and a mission to create naturally- derived products that care for your hair and the world we live in. Today our ingredients are over 95% naturally derived, and harvested worldwide. Our hair care systems deliver salon-proven results and feature unique flower and plant pure-fume™ aromas that change your mood while you cleanse and condition your hair.
Shop Now







Our Portfolio




why choose james hair salonDo I need to make an appointment?
Appointments are preferred, although not always necessary. In order to guarantee the availability of your desired services and times in the future, reserve your next appointment before you leave today.
What is the cell phone policy?
For all of our guests’ comfort, cell phones and pagers are asked to be turned off in the salon area.
When should I arrive for my appointment?
You may arrive 15 minutes prior to your scheduled experience.  This allows time to check in, enjoy some AVEDA Comfort Tea, browse through hairstyle magazines, and relax and begin your experience.
What is the appointment cancellation policy?
We understand that emergencies do arise, however, we require 48 hours advance notice if you are unable to honor your appointment.  Failure to cancel your appointment without 24 hours notice may forfeit your full deposit or expire your gift certificate/card.
What is the policy for children?
For the safety and comfort of all, children should not be brought to the salon unless they have an appointment.
What is the payment policy?
Is due at the completion of your appointment.  We gladly accept cash, checks (Greeley location only), VISA, and Master Card.  Prices are subject to change without notice.




what our customers are saying
James, everyone at James Salon is excellent. All your staff is kind professional caring and just great! you are blessed with such people.  Thank you thank you thank you!
Gil
Crystal always is so nice and goes out of her way to be friendly. Really listens to what I want. Always in a good mood!
Conni
Janet always does an amazing with Bobbi. Her and Kara had great teamwork today. Highly Impressed! 🙂
Bobbie
Brittany is the greatest expertise style personality she is great!
Gil
Kara is an angel amongst men. Her talent is one that shall always be rewarded and acknowledged.
Lauryn
Casey does an amazing job every time I see her. We go back a long way! She’s the best!
Virginia
Katie took great care of me when Bobbi was out with her baby! Thank you so much!
Shani
Kara did an outstanding Job! Very Nice! Felt well taken care of for brow waxing.
LoriKara always exceeds customer service. She has great sense of humor. Always smiling and cheerful.ReneeI came in wanting a big change from long hair to short. I was not sure what I wanted and Bobbi knew exactly what to do and now I love my hair. I’ve gotten many compliments on my cut and my color.LeslieMy stylist was in Denver and I went to her for 18 years before I tried Bobbi at James Salon. I will never go anywhere else. She is amazing.PeggyVery kind, funny, and very pretty. Bobbi makes my hair look gorgeous and beautiful.EllaJanet is amazing! KellyIt was nice.WesKara cut and highlighted my hair with purple and I love it! It’s classy but still different without looking like a teenager. Thanks Kara!PamKara always delivers. She is my hair and eyebrows queen! I admire her greatness!LaurynBobbi has a wonderful personality and listens to her customers.J. KingstonBobbi is the best! Love, love, love, her!BrendaBobbi is absolutely the best!K. ClemonsSierra is very excellent and does an excellent job at facials.LindaSierra is very friendly and I have never had a bad hair cut or highlight. Thank you!TracySierra always does such an amazing job with my hair! I wish she could do it every day – LOL! Always a pleasant experience. She is awesome!ChristieSierra is the best ever. She always does the most amazing work and I love her!NatalieSierra always does a great job!MichahSierra always listens to my hair concerns. She makes great suggestions and does an excellent job cutting my hair. She is so sweet and I look forward to seeing her month.PatJanet exemplifies the values of James Salon.CandiceSierra is the best. I love how welcome she makes me feel. I always feel so special when I’m at James Salon. Thanks for everything you do for me!RebeccaSierra makes getting a haircut more than just getting a haircut. She is kind and listens to me ramble about life. She does an amazing job.AliciaSierra is phenomenal! I love the way my hair looks and I’m leaving the hair salon so pretty! She was also so personable and made great conversation. I’ll definitely be back!BriannaBobbi always goes above and beyond my expectations!BethBobbi was very fun and kind and did a very professional waxing.DianeBobbi is always professional and up to date on the latest styles. She teaches me something new about styling my hair every time I visit. I love coming to see Bobbi and the other girls. They are always so kind and helpful.TerriKara is not only professional and knowledgeable about hair care, she was friendly, respectful and kind. Yay Kara!SaraMy eyebrows were a mess and Kara waxed them to my exact specifications!Lauryn





 
 

 
 
 
 

 

















