









Hamblet Lisa M. - Insider Stock Trading - OpenInsider











Sector

All Sectors

Group by Sector


Aerospace
Agriculture
Automobile
Building
Business Services
Chemical
Electrical
Energy
Fashion
Financial
Food & Beverage
Fund
Healthcare
Household
Insurance
Machinery
Media
Metals
Mining
Other
Personal Services
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
Telecom
Transportation
Utility




Industry

All Industries

Group by Industry






Insiders
Filings


All
Purchases
Sales

CIK: 1594529 - Address: C/o Bmc Stock Holdings, Inc., 980 Hammond Drive Ne, Suite 500, Atlanta, GA 30328 1 results 

						Links
						


SECYahooGoogleFinvizTradingViewStockChartsStockTwitsDownload CSV 













TC
Stat
Stk
Ins
Fil
+d
+w
+m
+q
+h
+y
avg







Filing Date
T Date
Ticker
IssuerInc Sector
IndIndustry
Owner
oSt
Rel
Title
T
TVal
Price
L
Qty
oc
Own
H
r2y
r1y
r6m
r3m
r6w
r3w
r7d
r3d
f1d
f1w
f1m
f3m
f6m
f1y



6/9/17 18:006/7/17BMCHBmc Stock Holdings, Inc.DERetailBldStLumber & Other Building MaterHamblet Lisa M.GAOSee RemaS-2020.210-1-187D



DDerivative transaction in filing (usually option exercise)
MMultiple transactions in filing; earliest reported transaction date and weighted average transaction price
AAmended filing
EError detected in filing



S - SaleSale of securities on an exchange or to another person

S - Sale+OESale of securities on an exchange or to another person (after option exercise)

F - TaxPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the company

P - PurchasePurchase of securities on an exchange or from another person


Return to top
Contact
Copyright © 2017 OpenInsider.com. All rights reserved.




    Lisa Hamblet | Staples , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 







Lisa  Hamblet's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
H
Hamblet

Lisa  Hamblet




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 205419354Lisa M Hamblet6 Daniel Shays RdHopkinton, MA 01748Age 50 (Born Mar 1967)(508) 435-6610Background Check - Available
Record ID: 205419355Lisa M Hamblet3 Barnesdale RdNatick, MA 01760Age 50 (Born Mar 1967)(508) 653-4303Background Check - Available
Record ID: 205419367Lisa D Hamblet12 Lindan LnGray, ME 04039Age 54 (Born Dec 1963)(207) 657-3348Background Check - Available
Record ID: 205419368Lisa D Hamblet17 Lindan LnGray, ME 04039Age 54 (Born Dec 1963)(207) 657-3348Background Check - Available
Record ID: 205615807Lisa D Hamblet17 Lindan LnGray, ME 04039Age 54 (Born Dec 1963)(207) 657-3348Background Check - Available
Record ID: 205615808Lisa D Hamblet12 Lindan LnGray, ME 04039Age 54 (Born Dec 1963)(207) 657-3348Background Check - Available
Record ID: 205615809Lisa M Hamblet6 Daniel Shays RdHopkinton, MA 01748Age 50 (Born Mar 1967)(508) 435-6610Background Check - Available
Record ID: 205615810Lisa M Hamblet3 Barnesdale RdNatick, MA 01760Age 50 (Born Mar 1967)(508) 653-4303Background Check - Available
Record ID: 559843790Lisa M Hamblet6 Daniel Shays RdHopkinton, MA 01748Age 50 (Born Mar 1967)(508) 435-6610Background Check - Available
Record ID: 559843791Lisa M Hamblet3 Barnesdale RdNatick, MA 01760Age 50 (Born Mar 1967)(508) 653-4303Background Check - Available
Record ID: 559843800Lisa D Hamblet12 Lindan LnGray, ME 04039Age 54 (Born Dec 1963)(207) 657-3348Background Check - Available
Record ID: 559843801Lisa D Hamblet17 Lindan LnGray, ME 04039Age 54 (Born Dec 1963)(207) 657-3348Background Check - Available
Record ID: 559870881Lisa M Hamblet6 Daniel Shays RdHopkinton, MA 01748Age 50 (Born Mar 1967)(508) 435-6610Background Check - Available
Record ID: 559870882Lisa M Hamblet3 Barnesdale RdNatick, MA 01760Age 50 (Born Mar 1967)(508) 653-4303Background Check - Available
Record ID: 559870891Lisa D Hamblet12 Lindan LnGray, ME 04039Age 54 (Born Dec 1963)(207) 657-3348Background Check - Available
Record ID: 559870892Lisa D Hamblet17 Lindan LnGray, ME 04039Age 54 (Born Dec 1963)(207) 657-3348Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017





EX-10.21
2
lisahambletseveranceagreem.htm
EX-10.21




Lisa Hamblet Severance Agreement
     SEVERANCE AGREEMENTThis SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of December 16, 2013 (the “Effective Date”) between LISA M. HAMBLET (“Executive”) and STOCK BUILDING SUPPLY HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”).RECITALSWHEREAS, the Company desires to offer certain severance protections to the Executive if the Executive’s employment with the Company is terminated by the Company under certain circumstances.NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, including Executive’s agreement to sign a Separation Agreement and General Release as provided in Section 6.10 below in the event of a termination of Executive’s employment with the Company under the terms described herein, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:TERMS AND CONDITIONSSECTION 1AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT1.The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Executive’s employment with the Company is and shall remain “at-will” and the Executive’s employment with the Company may be terminated at any time and for any reason (or no reason) by the Company or the Executive, with or without notice.SECTION 2DEFINITIONS2.For purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms and phrases used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed in this Section 2.(a)    “Annual Cash Bonus” shall mean the amount of bonus actually paid to the Executive for a given period under the Company’s Management Incentive Plan for the Executive. (b)    “Base Salary” shall mean the Executive’s annual base compensation rate for services paid by the Company to the Executive at the time immediately prior to the Executive’s termination of employment, as reflected in the Company’s payroll records or, if higher, the Executive’s annual base compensation rate immediately prior to a Change in Control.  Base Salary shall not include commissions, bonuses, overtime pay, incentive compensation, benefits paid under any qualified plan, any group medical, dental or other welfare benefit plan, non-cash compensation, or any other additional compensation, but shall include amounts reduced pursuant to the Executive’s salary reduction agreement under Section 125 or 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, if any, or a nonqualified elective deferred compensation arrangement, if any, to the extent that in each such case the reduction is to base salary.(c)    “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.(d)    “Cause” shall mean that the Executive:(i)has been convicted of, or has entered a pleading of guilty or nolo contendre to, a felony (other than DUI or similar felony) or any crime involving fraud, theft, embezzlement or other act of dishonesty involving the Company;(ii)has knowingly and intentionally participated in fraud, embezzlement, or other act of dishonesty involving the Company;(iii)materially fails to attempt in good faith to perform Executive’s duties required under Executive’s employment by or other relationship with the Company (it being agreed that failure of the Company to achieve operating results or similar poor performance of the Company shall not, in and of itself, be deemed a failure to perform Executive’s duties);(iv)fails to attempt in good faith to comply with a lawful directive of the CEO or the Board that is consistent with the Company’s business practices and Code of Ethics;(v)engages in willful misconduct for which Executive receives a material and improper personal benefit at the expense of the Company, or accidental misconduct resulting in such a benefit which Executive does not promptly report to the Company and redress promptly upon becoming aware of such benefit;(vi)in carrying out his duties under this Agreement, has engaged in acts or omissions constituting gross negligence or willful misconduct resulting in, or which, in the good faith opinion of the Board, could be expected to result in, substantial economic harm to the Company; (vii)has failed for any reason to correct, cease or alter any action or omission that (A) materially violates or does not conform with the Company’s policies, standards or regulations in a material way, (B) constitutes a material breach of this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined below), or (C) constitutes a material breach of his duty of loyalty to the Company; or(viii)has disclosed any Proprietary Information (as defined below) without authorization from the Board, Chief Executive Officer or General Counsel except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, another agreement between the parties or any Company policy in effect at the time of disclosure.For purposes of the definition of “Cause”, “Company” shall include any subsidiary, business unit or affiliate of the Company with respect to which Executive performs Executive’s duties.(e)    “Change in Control” shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the Board approves a plan of liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, (ii) the consummation of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, (iii) any “person,” as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (other than the Company, any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan of the Company, Gores Building Holdings, LLC. or its affiliates, or any company owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Common Stock of the Company), becoming the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities, (iv) a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of a surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; provided, however, that a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no person (other than those covered by the exceptions in clause (iii) above) acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities shall not constitute a Change in Control of the Company.  For the avoidance of doubt (a) the Company’s initial public offering shall not constitute a “Change in Control” hereunder and (b) Gores Building Holdings, LLC or any of its affiliates reducing its equity holdings in the Company, directly or indirectly, shall not, in and of itself, constitute a Change in Control hereunder, unless such reduction in equity holdings is part of a transaction that constitutes a Change in Control pursuant to clauses (iii) of this definition.(f)    “For Good Reason” shall mean (i) a material diminution in the Executive’s Base Salary or Target Bonus, or (ii) any requirement that the Executive report to anyone but (A) the Chief Executive Officer of the ultimate parent entity, or (B) if the Company becomes a subsidiary or a division of another entity, the most senior executive of such subsidiary or division.Notwithstanding the foregoing, no event shall be a Good Reason event unless the Executive gives the Company written notice thereof within ninety (90) days of the first occurrence thereof, the Company does not cure such event within thirty (30) days of the giving of such notice and the Executive does not terminate employment prior to sixty (60) days after the end of the cure period.(g)    “Target Bonus” shall mean the Executive’s annual target bonus under the Company’s Management Incentive Plan in effect for the year of the Executive’s termination.  (h)    A termination “Without Good Reason” shall mean termination of Executive’s employment by Executive other than For Good Reason.SECTION 3SEVERANCE BENEFITS3.1    Subject to the terms and conditions of eligibility for Executive’s receipt of severance benefits under this Agreement, including the timely execution and delivery (and non-revocation) by Executive of the Separation Agreement and General Release as set forth in Section 6.11, if Executive’s employment with the Company is terminated by the Company Without Cause, or by the Executive For Good Reason, the Company shall pay to Executive, as severance benefits an amount equal to the sum of (a) Executive’s Base Salary and (b) (i) Executive’s Target Bonus, in the event Executive is terminated prior to the two year anniversary of this Agreement or (ii) the average of Executive’s Annual Cash Bonus over the prior two (2) years, in the event Executive is terminated following the two year anniversary of this Agreement, which total payment shall be paid to Executive on a salary continuation basis according to the Company’s normal payroll practices over the 18 month period following the date the Executive incurs a Separation from Service, but in no event less frequently than monthly.3.2    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, with respect to any severance benefits or amounts payable to the Executive under this Agreement, in no event shall a termination of employment occur under this Agreement unless such termination constitutes a Separation from Service.  For purposes of this Agreement, a “Separation from Service” shall mean the Executive’s “separation from service” with the Company as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) and any successor provision thereto. 3.3    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, any severance benefits that would otherwise have been paid before the Company’s first normal payroll payment date falling on or after the thirtieth (30th) day after the date on which the Executive incurs a Separation from Service (the “First Payment Date”) shall be made on the First Payment Date.  Each separate severance installment payment and each other payment that Executive may be eligible to receive under this Agreement shall be a separate payment under this Agreement for all purposes. 3.4    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, amounts payable to the Executive pursuant to this Section 3 shall be made in reliance upon Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(9) (Separation Pay Plans) or Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) (Short-Term Deferrals).  However, to the extent any such payments are treated as non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of  the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), then if Executive is deemed at the time of his Separation from Service to be a “specified employee” for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of the benefits to which the Executive is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such portion of the Executive’s termination benefits shall not be provided to the Executive prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Executive’s Separation from Service or (ii) the date of Executive’s death.  Upon the earlier of such dates, all payments deferred pursuant to this Section 3.5 shall be paid in a lump sum to the Executive.  Thereafter, payments will resume in accordance with this Agreement.  The determination of whether the Executive is a “specified employee” for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code as of the time of his Separation from Service shall be made by the Company in accordance with the terms of Section 409A of the Code and applicable guidance thereunder (including without limitation Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(i) and any successor provision thereto).3.5    The Executive shall have no duty or obligation to mitigate the amounts due under Section 3.1 above and any amounts earned by Executive from other employment shall not be offset or reduce the amounts due hereunder.SECTION 4CERTAIN AGREEMENTS4.1    Confidentiality.    Executive acknowledges that the Company owns and shall own and has developed and shall develop proprietary information concerning its business and its customers and clients (“Proprietary Information”).  Such Proprietary Information includes, among other things, trade secrets, financial information, product plans, eBusiness strategy, customer lists, marketing plans, systems, manuals, training materials, forecasts, inventions, improvements, know-how and other intellectual property, in each case, relating to the Company’s business.  Executive shall, at all times, both during employment by the Company and thereafter, keep all Proprietary Information in confidence and trust and shall not use or disclose any Proprietary Information without the written consent of the Company, except as necessary in the ordinary course of Executive’s duties.  Executive shall keep the terms of this Agreement in confidence and trust and shall not disclose such terms, except to Executive’s family, accountants, financial advisors, or attorneys, or as otherwise authorized or required by law.  Executive agrees to execute the Company’s standard form of confidentiality agreement (the “Confidentiality Agreement”) applicable to all employees on the Effective Date.4.2    Company Property.    Executive recognizes that all Proprietary Information, however stored or memorialized, and all identification cards, keys, flash drives, computers, mobile phones, Personal Data Assistants, telephone numbers, access codes, marketing materials, documents, records and other equipment or property which the Company provides are the sole property of the Company.  Upon termination of employment, Executive shall (1) refrain from taking any such property from the Company’s premises, and (2) return any such property in Executive’s possession within ten (10) business days.4.3    Assignment of Inventions to the Company. Executive shall promptly disclose to the Company all improvements, inventions, formulas, processes, computer programs, know-how and trade secrets developed, whether or not patentable, made or conceived or reduced to practice or developed by Executive, either alone or jointly with others, during and related to Executive’s employment and the Company’s business or while using the Company’s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information (collectively, “Inventions”).  All Inventions, and other intellectual property rights shall be the sole property of the Company and shall be “works made for hire.”  Executive hereby assigns to the Company any rights Executive may have or acquire in all Inventions and agrees to perform, during and after employment with the Company, at the Company’s expense including reasonable compensation to Executive, all acts reasonably necessary by the Company in obtaining and enforcing intellectual property rights with respect to such Inventions.  Executive hereby irrevocably appoints the Company and its officers and agents as Executive’s attorney-in-fact to act for and in Executive’s name and stead with respect to such Inventions.SECTION 5COVENANT NOT TO ENGAGE IN CERTAIN ACTS    5.1    General.    The parties understand and agree that the purpose of the restrictions contained in this Section 5 is to protect the goodwill and other legitimate business interests of the Company, and that the Company would not have entered into this Agreement in the absence of such restrictions.  Executive acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions are reasonable and do not, and will not, unduly impair her ability to make a living after the termination of her employment with the Company.  The provisions of this SECTION 5 shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of this Agreement.  For purposes of this SECTION 5, “Company” shall include any subsidiary, business unit or affiliate of the Company with respect to which Executive performs Executive’s duties.5.2    Non-Compete; Non-Diversion.  In consideration for this Agreement to employ Executive and other valuable consideration provided hereunder, Executive agrees and covenants that during the term of employment and for a period of eighteen (18) months after the date of the termination of Executive’s employment (the “Termination Date”), Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, for himself or herself or any third party, or alone or as a member of a partnership or limited liability company, or as an officer, director, shareholder, member or otherwise, engage in the following acts:(i)    divert or attempt to divert any existing business of the Company provided that after the Termination Date this shall not prevent normal competitive sales for a non-Listed Company (as defined below);(ii)    solicit, induce or entice, or seek to solicit, induce or entice, or otherwise interfere with the Company’s business relationship with, any customer of the Company;(iii)    render any services (whether as an independent contractor or otherwise) on behalf of any company or line of business that competes anywhere in the United States with the Company (a “Competing Business”);(iv)    own or control any interest in (except as a passive investor of less than two percent (2%) of the capital stock or publicly traded notes or debentures of a publicly held company), or become an officer, director, partner, member, or joint venturer of, any Competing Business, provided that after the Termination Date this shall only apply to the Listed Companies;(v)    advance credit or lend money to any third party for the purpose of establishing or operating any Competing Business, provided that after the Termination Date this shall only apply to the Listed Companies; or(vi)    with respect to any substantially full time independent contractor of the Company, employee of the Company or individual who was, at any time during the three months prior to the Termination Date, an employee of the Company: (A) hire or retain, or attempt to hire or retain, such individual to provide services for any third party; or (B) encourage, induce, solicit or attempt to solicit, divert, cause or attempt to cause, such individual to (1) terminate and/or leave his or her employment, (2) accept employment with any person or entity other than the Company, or (3) terminate his or her relationship with the Company or devote less than his or her full time efforts to the Company.As used herein, “Listed Company” means one of nine (9) companies that are material competitors as identified by the Company, provided that the Company may at any time change such nine (9) companies to alternative competitors so long as the number does not exceed nine (9), no change can be effective after the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company and any change shall be effective thirty (30) days after Executive is given written notice thereof and only if at the end of such thirty (30) day period the Executive is employed by the Company.  As of the Effective Date, the Listed Companies are Pro Build Holdings, Inc., 84 Lumber Co., Builders FirstSource, Inc., BMC Select, HD Supply, Inc., Ganahl Lumber Co., US LBM Holdings, LLC, Carter Lumber Company and McCoy Corporation (dba McCoy’s Building Supply).  The parties acknowledge and agree that clause (vi) above shall not be violated by general advertising not targeted at the foregoing people nor serving as a reference upon request of the foregoing with regard to an entity with which Executive is not associated.    5.3    Cessation/Reimbursement of Payments.  If Executive violates any provision of this SECTION 5, the Company may, upon giving written notice to Executive, immediately cease all payments and benefits that it may be providing to Executive pursuant to Section 3, and Executive shall be required to reimburse the Company for any payments received from, and the cash value of any benefits provided by, the Company between the first day of the violation and the date such notice is given; provided, however, that the foregoing shall be in addition to such other remedies as may be available to the Company and shall not be deemed to permit Executive to forego or waive such payments in order to avoid his or her obligations under this SECTION 5; and provided, further, that any release of claims by Executive pursuant to Section 6.11 shall continue in effect.5.4    Survival; Injunctive Relief.  Executive agrees that the provisions of this SECTION 5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the termination of the Executive’s employment.  Executive acknowledges that a breach by him or her of the covenants contained in this SECTION 5 cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated in damages in an action at law and that such breach will cause the Company immeasurable and irreparable injury and damage.  Executive further acknowledges that he or she possesses unique skills, knowledge and ability and that competition in violation of this SECTION 5 would be extremely detrimental to the Company.  By reason thereof, each of the Company and Executive agrees that the other shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedies it may have under this Agreement, at law or in equity, or otherwise, to temporary, preliminary and/or permanent injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent or curtail any actual or threatened violation of this SECTION 5, without proof of actual damages that have been or may be caused to the Company by such breach or threatened breach, and waives to the fullest extent permitted by law the posting or securing of any bond by the other party in connection with such remedies.SECTION 6MISCELLANEOUS6.1    Notices.  All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, with return receipt requested, telecopy (with hard copy delivered by overnight courier service), or delivered by hand, messenger or overnight courier service, and shall be deemed given when received at the addresses of the parties set forth below, or at such other address furnished in writing to the other parties hereto:To the Company:Stock Building Supply Holdings, Inc.8020 Arco Corporate Drive, Ste. 400Raleigh, NC  27617Attn:  General CounselFax: 919-431-1180To Executive:at the home address of Executive maintained in the human resource records of the Company.6.2    Severability.  The parties agree that it is not their intention to violate any public policy or statutory or common law.  In the event that any provision or portion of this Agreement shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.  Without limiting the foregoing, if any portion of Section 5 is held to be unenforceable, the maximum enforceable restriction of time, scope of activities and geographic area will be substituted for any such restrictions held unenforceable.6.3    Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws.  Executive agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of North Carolina; agrees that any dispute concerning the interpretation or application of this Agreement shall be heard by A JUDGE AND NOT A JURY; and agrees that any dispute shall be brought exclusively in a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction in North Carolina.  Executive waives any and all objections to jurisdiction or venue.6.4    Survival.  The covenants and agreements of the parties set forth in Sections 4, 5 and 6 are of a continuing nature and shall survive the expiration, termination or cancellation of this Agreement, irrespective of the reason therefor. 6.5    Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the terms of employment, compensation, benefits, and covenants of Executive, and supersede all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, inducements or conditions, express or implied, oral or written, between Executive and the Company relating to the subject matter of the Agreement, which such other prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, inducements or conditions shall be deemed terminated effective immediately. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that any and all indemnification agreements between Executive and the Company shall continue in full force unimpaired by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive acknowledges that the Confidentiality Agreement shall continue in effect during the term of Executive’s employment. 6.6    Binding Effect, Etc.    This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and the Company’s successors and assigns, including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise with respect to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, and the Executive’s spouse, heirs, and personal and legal representatives.6.7    Counterparts; Amendment.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  This Agreement may be amended or modified only by written instrument duly executed by the Company and Executive.6.8    Voluntary Agreement.  Executive has read this Agreement carefully and understands and accepts the obligations that it imposes upon Executive without reservation.  No other promises or representations have been made to Executive to induce Executive to sign this Agreement.  Executive is signing this Agreement voluntarily and freely.6.9    Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns (including any direct or indirect successor, spouses, heirs and personal and legal representatives.  Any such successor or assign of the Company shall be included in the term “Company” as used in this Agreement.6.10    Release of Claims.  In consideration for the compensation and other benefits provided pursuant to this Agreement, Executive agrees to execute a “Separation Agreement and General Release” form substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.  The Company’s obligation to pay severance benefits pursuant to Section 3.1 is expressly conditioned on Executive’s execution and delivery of such Separation Agreement and General Release no later than forty-five (45) days after the date the Executive incurs a Separation from Service without revoking it for a period of seven (7) days following delivery.  Executive’s failure to execute and deliver such Separation Agreement and General Release within such forty-five (45) day time period (or Executive’s subsequent revocation of such Separation Agreement and General Release) will void the Company’s obligation to pay severance benefits under this Agreement.6.11    Confidentiality Of Previous Employers’ Information.  The Company acknowledges that the Executive may have had access to confidential and proprietary information of his previous employer(s) and that Executive may be obligated to maintain the confidentiality of such information, not use such information or not to provide certain services to the Company, in each case pursuant to applicable law and/or any contractual relationship between Executive and a previous employer.  The Company hereby instructs Executive as follows: (1) Executive shall not disclose any such confidential or proprietary information to the Company or any of its affiliates, (2) Executive shall not use any such confidential or proprietary information in connection with his employment with the Company, and (3) Executive shall not perform any services for the benefit of the Company that would cause Executive to be in breach of his obligations owed to any previous employer or other third party.  If the Company requests Executive to provide any such services or to disclose any such information, Executive will advise the Company that he or she is prohibited from doing so.  Executive agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Company and its affiliates harmless from and against any claims, losses or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Company or any of its affiliates as a result of any breach by Executive of this Section 6.11.6.12    In-kind Benefits and Reimbursements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in-kind benefits and reimbursements provided under this Agreement during any tax year of the Executive shall not affect in-kind benefits or reimbursements to be provided in any other tax year of the Executive, except for the reimbursement of medical expenses referred to in Section 105(b) of the Code, and are not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, reimbursement requests must be timely submitted by Executive and, if timely submitted, reimbursement payments shall be made to the Executive as soon as administratively practicable following such submission, but in no event later than December 31st of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred.  In no event shall the Executive be entitled to any reimbursement payments after December 31st of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred.  This Section 6.12 shall only apply to in-kind benefits and reimbursements that would result in taxable compensation income to the Executive.6.13    Section 409A.  This Agreement is intended to be written, administered, interpreted and construed in a manner such that no payment or benefits provided under this Agreement become subject to (a) the gross income inclusion set forth within Code Section 409A(a)(1)(A) or (b) the interest and additional tax set forth within Code Section 409A(a)(1)(B) (together, referred to herein as the “Section 409A Penalties”), including, where appropriate, the construction of defined terms to have meanings that would not cause the imposition of Section 409A Penalties.  In no event shall the Company be required to provide a tax gross-up payment to Executive or otherwise reimburse Executive with respect to Section 409A Penalties.  In the event that following the date hereof the Company reasonably determines that any compensation or benefits payable under this Agreement may be subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Company and the Executive shall work together to adopt such amendments to this Agreement or adopt other policies or procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other commercially reasonable actions necessary or appropriate to (x) exempt the compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement from Section 409A of the Code and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the compensation and benefits provided with respect to this Agreement or (y) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance.[signatures on following page]IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.COMPANY:     EXECUTIVE:    STOCK BUILDING SUPPLY  HOLDINGS, INC.      By:/s/ Bryan J. Yeazel /s/ Lisa M. Hamblet    Name:Bryan J. Yeazel Lisa M. HambletIts:Executive Vice President, Chief   Administrative officer and   General Counsel                      Signature Page to Employment AgreementEXHIBIT ASEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASEThis Separation Agreement and General Release (this “Agreement”) is made as of ________________________ by and between LISA M. HAMBLET (“Executive”) and STOCK BUILDING SUPPLY HOLDINGS, INC. (the “Company”).  For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:1.Termination of Employment.  The parties agree that Executive’s employment with the Company and all of its affiliates is terminated effective as of _____________ (the “Effective Date”).2.Payments Due to Executive.  Executive acknowledges receipt of $______________ from the Company, representing Executive’s accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the Effective Date.  Other than as expressly set forth in this Section, Executive is not entitled to any consulting fees, wages, accrued vacation pay, benefits or any other amounts with respect to his employment through the Effective Date.3.Severance Benefits and Continuing Health Insurance Coverage.  In consideration of Executive’s execution and non-revocation of this Agreement, the Company agrees to pay to Executive the amounts provided in Section 3.1 of that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of [DATE] by and between the Executive and the Company.4.General Release.(a)Executive, on behalf of Executive, his or her heirs, executors, personal representatives, administrators and assigns, irrevocably, knowingly and unconditionally releases, remises and discharges the Company, its parents, all current or former affiliated or related companies of the Company and its parent, partnerships, or joint ventures, and, with respect to each of them, all of the Company’s or such related entities’ predecessors and successors, and with respect to each such entity, its officers, directors, managers, Executives, equity holders, advisors and counsel (collectively, the “Company Parties”) from any and all actions, causes of action, charges, complaints, claims, damages, demands, debts, lawsuits, rights, understandings and obligations of any kind, nature or description whatsoever, known or unknown (collectively, the “Claims”), arising out of or relating to the Executive’s employment with the Company and/or the separation of Executive from the Company.(b)This general release of Claims by Executive includes, without limitation, (i) all Claims based upon actions or omissions (or alleged actions or omissions) that have occurred up to and including the date of this Agreement, regardless of ripeness or other limitation on immediate pursuit of any Claim in the absence of this Agreement; (ii) all Claims relating to or arising out of Executive’s employment with and separation from the Company; (iii) all Claims (including Claims for discrimination, harassment, and retaliation) arising under any federal, state or local statute, regulation, ordinance, or the common law, including without limitation, Claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act and the Executive Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, the Fair labor Standards Act, 42 U.S.C. § 1981, and any other federal or state law, local ordinance or common law including for wrongful discharge, breach of implied or express contract, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, defamation or other tort; and (iv) all Claims for reinstatement, attorney’s fees, interest, costs, wages or other compensation.(c)Executive agrees that there is a risk that each and every injury which he or she may have suffered by reason of his or her employment relationship might not now be known, and there is a further risk that such injuries, whether known or unknown at the date of this Agreement, might become progressively worse, and that as a result thereof further damages may be sustained by Executive; nevertheless, Executive desires to forever and fully release and discharge the Company Parties, and he or she fully understands that by the execution of this Agreement no further claims for any such injuries may ever be asserted.    (d)This general release does not release any Claim that relates to: (i) Executive’s right to enforce this Agreement; (ii) any rights Executive may have to indemnification from personal liability or to protection under any insurance policy maintained by the Company, including without limitation any general liability, EPLI, or directors and officers insurance policy or any contractual indemnification agreement; (iii) Executive’s right, if any, to government-provided unemployment and worker’s compensation benefits; or (iv) Executive’s rights under any Company Executive benefit plans (i.e. health, disability or retirement plans), which by their explicit terms survive the termination of Executive’s employment.(e)Executive agrees that the consideration set forth in Paragraph 3 above shall constitute the entire consideration provided under this Agreement, and that Executive will not seek from the Company Parties any further compensation or other consideration for any claimed obligation, entitlement, damage, cost or attorneys’ fees in connection with the matters encompassed by this Agreement.(f)Executive understands and agrees that if any facts with respect to this Agreement or Executive’s prior treatment by or employment with the Company are found to be different from the facts now believed to be true, Executive expressly accepts, assumes the risk of, and agrees that this Agreement shall remain effective notwithstanding such differences.  Executive agrees that the various items of consideration set forth in this Agreement fully compensate for said risks, and that Executive will have no legal recourse against the Company in the event of discovery of a difference in facts.(g)Executive agrees to the release of all known and unknown claims, including expressly the waiver of any rights or claims arising out of the Federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. § 621, et seq. (“ADEA”), and in connection with such waiver of ADEA claims, and as provided by the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act, Executive understands and agrees as follows: iExecutive has the right to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement, and is hereby advised to do so; iiExecutive shall have a period of forty-five (45) days from the Termination Date (or from the date of receipt of this Agreement if received after the Termination Date) in which to consider the terms of the Agreement (the “Review Period”).  Executive may at his or her option execute this Agreement at any time during the Review Period.  If the Executive does not return the signed Agreement to the Company prior to the expiration of the 45 day period, then the offer of severance benefits set forth in this Agreement shall lapse and shall be withdrawn by the Company; iiiExecutive may revoke this Agreement at any time during the first seven (7) days following Executive’s execution of this Agreement, and this Agreement and release shall not be effective or enforceable until the seven-day period has expired (“Revocation Period Expiration Date”).  Notice of a revocation by the Executive must be made to the designated representative of the Company (as described below) within the seven (7) day period after Executive signs this Agreement.  If Executive revokes this Agreement, it shall not be effective or enforceable.  Accordingly, the “Effective Date” of this Agreement shall be on the eighth (8th) day after Executive signs the Agreement and returns it to the Company, and provided that Executive does not revoke the Agreement during the seven (7) day revocation period; In the event Executive elects to revoke this release pursuant to Paragraph 4(g)iii above, Executive shall notify Company by hand-delivery, express courier or certified mail, return receipt requested, within seven (7) days after signing this Agreement to: General Counsel, Stock Building Supply Holdings, Inc., 8020 Arco Corporate Drive, Suite 400, Raleigh, North Carolina 27617.  In the event that Executive exercises his or her right to revoke this release pursuant to Paragraph 4(g)iii above, any and all obligations of Company under this Agreement shall be null and void.  Executive agrees that by signing this Agreement prior to the expiration of the forty-five (45) day period he or she has voluntarily waived his or her right to consider this Agreement for the full forty-five (45) day period.EXECUTIVE AGREES THAT THE CONSIDERATION RECEIVED BY HIM OR HER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE PAYMENTS DESCRIBED ABOVE, IS IN FULL AND COMPLETE SATISFACTION OF ANY CLAIMS THAT EXECUTIVE MAY HAVE, OR MAY HAVE HAD, ARISING OUT OF EXECUTIVE’S EMPLOYMENT WITH COMPANY (INCLUDING FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ALL OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES) OR THE TERMINATION OF THAT EMPLOYMENT, UP TO THE DATE OF EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT.  EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE OR SHE UNDERSTANDS THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, HE OR SHE NO LONGER HAS THE RIGHT TO ASSERT ANY CLAIM OR LAWSUIT OF ANY KIND ATTEMPTING TO RECOVER MONEY OR ANY OTHER RELIEF AGAINST THE COMPANY PARTIES FOR ACTS OR INJURIES ARISING OUT OF EXECUTIVE’S FORMER EMPLOYMENT BY COMPANY (INCLUDING FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ALL OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES) OR THE TERMINATION OF THAT EMPLOYMENT.  Such claims further include any claims Executive may have pursuant to an internal grievance procedure at Company (including for the avoidance of doubt, all of its subsidiaries or affiliates).  Executive does not waive any rights or claims that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed. 5.Review of Agreement; No Assignment of Claims.  Executive represents and warrants that he or she (a) has carefully read and understands all of the provisions of this Agreement and has had the opportunity for it to be reviewed and explained by counsel to the extent Executive deems it necessary, (b) is voluntarily entering into this Agreement, (c) has not relied upon any representation or statement made by the Company or any other person with regard to the subject matter or effect of this Agreement, (d) has not transferred or assigned any Claims and (e) has not filed any complaint or charge against any of the Company Parties with any local, state, or federal agency or court.6.No Claims.  Each party represents that it has not filed any Claim against the other Party with any state, federal or local agency or court and that it will not file any Claim at any time regarding the matters covered by this Agreement; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a Claim, including a challenge to the validity of this Agreement, with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission; provided, further, that Executive acknowledges that he or she will not be entitled to recover any monetary or other damages in connection with or as a result of any such EEOC or state FEP agency proceeding.7.Interpretation.  This Agreement shall take effect as an instrument under seal and shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to provisions or principles thereof relating to conflict of laws.8.Agreement as Defense.  This Agreement may be pleaded as a full and complete defense to any subsequent action or other proceeding arising out of, relating to, or having anything to do with any and all Claims, counterclaims, defenses or other matters capable of being alleged, which are specifically released and discharged by this Agreement.  This Agreement may also be used to abate any such action or proceeding and/or as a basis of a cross-complaint for damages.9.Nondisclosure of Agreement.  The terms and conditions of this Agreement are confidential.  Executive agrees not to disclose the terms of this Agreement to anyone except immediate family members and Executive’s attorneys and financial advisers.  Executive further agrees to inform these people that the Agreement is confidential and must not be disclosed to anyone else.  Executive may disclose the terms of this Agreement if compelled to do so by a court, but Executive agrees to notify the Company immediately if anyone seeks to compel Executive’s testimony in this regard, and to cooperate with the Company if the Company decides to oppose such effort.  Executive agrees that disclosure by Executive in violation of this Agreement would cause so much injury to the Company that money alone could not fully compensate the Company and that the Company is entitled to injunctive and equitable relief.  Executive also agrees that the Company would be entitled to recover money from Executive if this Agreement were violated.10.Ongoing Covenants.  Executive acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement shall limit or otherwise impact Executive’s continuing obligations of confidentiality to the Company in accordance with Company policy and applicable law, or any applicable Company policies or agreements between the Company and Executive with respect to non-competition or non-solicitation, and Executive covenants and agrees to abide by all such continuing obligations.11.No Adverse Comments.  For two (2) years, Executive and the Company agree not to make, issue, release or authorize any written or oral statements, derogatory or defamatory in nature, about the other (which in the case of the Company shall include its affiliates or their respective products, services, directors, officers or Executives), provided that the foregoing shall not be violated by truthful testimony in response to legal process, normal competitive statements, rebuttal of statements by the other or actions to enforce the party’s rights.12.Integration; Severability.  The terms and conditions of this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between Company and Executive and supercede all previous communications, either oral or written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.  No agreement or understanding varying or extending the terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon either party unless in writing signed by or on behalf of such party.  In the event that a court finds any portion of this Agreement unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, Company and Executive agree that the other provisions of the Agreement shall be deemed to be severable and will continue in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law. EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THE FOLLOWING: HE OR SHE HAS ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND OF HIS OR HER OWN FREE WILL WITH A FULL UNDERSTANDING OF ITS TERMS; HE OR SHE HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT; THAT HE OR SHE FULLY UNDERSTANDS ITS TERMS; THAT EXECUTIVE IS ADVISED TO CONSULT AN ATTORNEY FOR ADVICE; THAT HE OR SHE HAS THE RIGHT TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT; THAT HE OR SHE HAS HAD AMPLE TIME TO CONSIDER HIS OR HER DECISION BEFORE ENTERING INTO THE AGREEMENT. EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE OR SHE IS SATISFIED WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREES THAT THE TERMS ARE BINDING UPON HIM OR HER. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement with effect as of the date first above written.EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS BEEN ADVISED BY THE COMPANY OF HIS ABILITY TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE CONSIDERATION PERIOD AFFORDED BY PARAGRAPH 4 ABOVE AND THAT HE HAS THE RIGHT TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement with effect as of the date first above written.    ________________________________________    LISA M. HAMBLETSTOCK BUILDING SUPPLY HOLDINGS, INC.By: _______________________________________    Name:Title:





BMCH Lisa M. Hamblet Insider Trades for BMC Stock Holdings Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































BMC Stock Holdings Inc.

                  NASDAQ: BMCH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

BMC Stock Holdings Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:29 p.m.


BMCH

/quotes/zigman/62499325/composite


$
21.95




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 4,259
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/62499325/composite
Today's close

$
			22.00
		


$
				21.95
			
Change

-0.05
-0.23%





Day low
Day high
$21.95
$22.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $15.45
        

            $23.90
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Lisa M. Hamblet



Mr. Lisa M. Hamblet is Executive Vice President-eBusiness at BMC East LLC.
Mr. Hamblet was previously employed as Executive Vice President-eBusiness by Stock Building Supply Holdings, Inc. and Vice President-Facility Solutions by Staples, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Massachusetts and an MBA from Bentley University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/07/2017
1,000


 
Disposition at $20.21 per share.


20,210


03/09/2017
4,133


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/21/2017
50,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/03/2016
3,245


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.8 per share.


51,271


12/01/2015
2,102


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $16.99 per share.


35,713


11/03/2015
30,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/03/2015
533


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $19.11 per share.


10,186


07/03/2014
4,916


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/16/2013
4,776


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Peter C. Alexander 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Michael P. McGaugh 
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. James F. Major 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer & EVP




Mr. Duff R. Wakefield 
Vice President-Intermountain Division




Mr. William Noah Gay 
SVP-Operations Finance & Credit




Mr. Lisa M. Hamblet 
Executive Vice President-eBusiness




Mr. Thomas Joseph Barnes 
Senior Vice President-Supply Chain & Operations




Mr. Keith  Costello 
Senior Vice President-Sales & Marketing




Ms. Carey  Phelps 
Director-Investor Relations




Mr. Mike  Farmer 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Paul S. Street 
Secretary




Ms. Lanesha  Minnix 
Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. David W. Bullock 
Chairman




Mr. Jeffrey Gene Rea 
Independent Director




Mr. David L. Keltner 
Independent Director




Mr. Barry J. Goldstein 
Independent Director




Mr. James  O'Leary 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael T. Miller 
Independent Director




Mr. Carl R. Vertuca 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:23 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Lisa M. Hamblet - Biography

















































































Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON

















Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






4-Traders Homepage  >  News  >  Business Leaders  >  Business Leaders Biography


Business Leaders




Latest NewsCompaniesMarketsEconomy & ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinance ProfessionalsCalendarSectors HomeAll newsMost read newsBusiness Leaders Biography


 
















Lisa M. Hamblet

Age : 50Public asset : 1,899,748 USDLinked companies :  BMC Stock Holdings Inc 





Summary 



Mr. Lisa M. Hamblet is Executive Vice President-eBusiness at BMC East LLC.Mr. Hamblet was previously employed as Executive Vice President-eBusiness by Stock Building Supply Holdings, Inc. and Vice President-Facility Solutions by Staples, Inc.He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Massachusetts and an MBA from Bentley University.



Current positions of Lisa M. Hamblet 









 NameTitle
Since
BMC East LLC
Executive Vice President-eBusiness
2013 BMC Stock Holdings Inc(Forest & Wood Products)
Executive Vice President-eBusiness
-



Holdings of Lisa M. Hamblet 










 NameEquities%Valuation

 BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Forest & Wood Products 86,9450.13%1,899,748 USD



Lisa M. Hamblet: Personal Network 







 NameLinked companies

James F. Major BMC Stock Holdings IncBMC East LLC 

Jeffrey Gene Rea BMC Stock Holdings IncBMC East LLC 

Bryan J. Yeazel BMC Stock Holdings IncBMC East LLC 

Carl R. Vertuca BMC Stock Holdings Inc 

Duff R. Wakefield BMC Stock Holdings Inc 

Barry J. Goldstein BMC Stock Holdings Inc 

James O'Leary BMC Stock Holdings Inc 

Paul S. Street BMC Stock Holdings Inc 

Fenton N. Hord BMC East LLC 

David W. Bullock BMC Stock Holdings Inc 




Most Read News 




07/27 LI KA-SHING : Li Ka-shing's CKI to buy German energy metering firm Ista



07/26DJBERNARD ARNAULT : LVMH's Profit Rises 24% in First Half



07/27 RUPERT MURDOCH : As Murdoch waits, Sky cuts operating costs to protect profits



07/26DJMEG WHITMAN : Meg Whitman Steps Down From HP Board



07/28DJNELSON PELTZ : Procter & Gamble, Peltz Spar on Results -- WSJ



07/28 CARLOS SLIM : Hutchison's Drei buys Tele2 to rival Carlos Slim in Austria



07/26DJDAVID SIMON : Executive Pay Falls for Big Mall Owners as Retail Storm Rages On



07/27DJJEFF BEZOS : Amazon's Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person



07/28DJELON MUSK : Top Company News of the Day



07/22DJWILBUR ROSS : More Cross-Border Commerce



More news

 


            © 2017 People and Ownership :    









Advertisement








Lisa M. Hamblet : Connections 



 Gores Holdings II Inc









Jeffrey Gene Rea




 BMC Stock Holdings Inc









James F. MajorJeffrey Gene ReaCarl R. VertucaDuff R. WakefieldBarry J. GoldsteinJames O'LearyPaul S. StreetDavid W. Bullock




 Origin Agritech Ltd.









David W. Bullock




 Kraton Corp









Barry J. Goldstein




Kinematics Manufacturing, Inc.
                                            








James O'Leary





Commonwealth Acquisition Holdings LLC
                                            








James F. MajorBryan J. Yeazel





World & Main LLC
                                            








Bryan J. Yeazel





TBSG LLC
                                            








James F. MajorBryan J. Yeazel





Coleman Floor Southeast LLC
                                            








James F. MajorBryan J. Yeazel





Reeds Jewelers, Inc.
                                            








Fenton N. Hord





Stock Building Supply of Arkansas LLC
                                            








James F. MajorBryan J. Yeazel





Revert, Inc.
                                            








Carl R. Vertuca





Stock Building Supply West LLC
                                            








James F. MajorBryan J. Yeazel





WireCo WorldGroup, Inc.
                                            








James O'Leary





Stock Building Supply of Florida LLC
                                            








James F. MajorBryan J. Yeazel





Mortgage Contracting Services LLC
                                            








James O'Leary





Coleman Floor Co.
                                            








James F. MajorBryan J. Yeazel





BMC Window & Door Southeast LLC
                                            








James F. MajorBryan J. Yeazel





Stock Building Supply Holdings II LLC
                                            








James F. MajorBryan J. Yeazel





The Vertuca Group
                                            








Carl R. Vertuca





 







Popular Business Leaders 


 

Bernard Arnault
Mary Barra
Luc Besson
Jeff Bezos
Lloyd Blankfein
Michael Bloomberg
Yannick Bolloré
Warren Buffett
Jean-paul Clozel
Gary Cohn
Marc De Lacharrière
Jamie Dimon
Ralph Dommermuth
Sebastian Ebel
John Edwards
David Einhorn
Jeff Fettig
Mark Fields
Carlos Ghosn
David Henry
Carl Icahn
Li Ka-shing
Michel Landel
Daniel Loeb
Jack Ma
Lakshmi Mittal
Rupert Murdoch
Elon Musk
Peter Nicholas
Xavier Niel
John Paulson
Nelson Peltz
Georges Plassat
Hasso Plattner
Thomas Rabe
Giuseppe Recchi
Wolfgang Reitzle
Wilbur Ross
Charles Schwab
Igor Sechin
Carlos Slim
Pascal Soriot
George Soros
Rupert Stadler
Bernard Tapie
John Williamson
Thomas Wilson
Dieter Zetsche
Mark Zuckerberg



A-Z Business Leaders




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  












 














Slave








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Lisa M. Hamblet - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Lisa M. Hamblet
Executive Vice President, eBusiness and Pro Remodeler Segment at BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Lisa M. Hamblet? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Lisa M. Hamblet's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Lisa M. Hamblet's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Lisa M. Hamblet's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Lisa M. Hamblet through your network of contacts.
												








Lisa M. Hamblet's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President, eBusiness and Pro Remodeler Segment, 
BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.


Past
To view Lisa M. Hamblet's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
50

 
 


Lisa M. Hamblet's Biography




			Ms. Hamblet leads the eBusiness and professional remodeler capabilities for the Company. Ms. Hamblet joined the Company in 2013. Prior to that, she was with Staples Inc., where she held various senior management roles, including Vice President of B2B eCommerce and Customer Support, Vice President of B2B Services and, most recently, Vice President of Facility Solutions. Ms. Hamblet received her undergraduate degree from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and an M.B.A. from Bentley University.
		
Source: BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. on 03/27/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Lisa M. Hamblet's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Lisa M. Hamblet. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Lisa M. Hamblet's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Lisa M. Hamblet's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Lisa M. Hamblet through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Lisa M. Hamblet


















Lisa M. Hamblet's Connections (28)





Sign up now to view Lisa M. Hamblet's 28 connections »









Thomas J. Barnes
Senior Vice President, Supply Chain and Operations, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









David L. Keltner
Former Board Member, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









Paul S. Street
Employee, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









Barry J. Goldstein
Board Member, Kraton Corporation









Jeffrey G. Rea
Dir., Former President and Chief Executive Officer, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









Michael T. Miller
Dir., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Installed Building Products, Inc.









Carl R. Vertuca
Board Member, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









Robert E. Mellor
Chairman of the Board, Coeur Mining, Inc.









James O'Leary
Former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Kaydon Corporation









James F. Drexinger
Former Divisional President and General Manager, South Division, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Lisa M. Hamblet - BMC Stock Holdings Inc



  




















































LISA M. HAMBLET EXECUTIVE PROFILE SUMMARY











Lisa M. Hamblet
Executive Vice President - eBusiness
BMC Stock Holdings Inc


 

Lisa M. Hamblet
Executive Vice President - eBusiness
BMC Stock Holdings Inc








Background

										Lisa M. Hamblet - Executive Vice President, eBusiness. Ms. Hamblet leads the eBusiness, LEAN, marketing and merchandising capabilities for the Company. Ms. Hamblet joined the Company in 2013. Prior to that, she was with Staples Inc., where she held various senior management roles including vice president of B2B eCommerce and customer support, vice president of B2B services and, most recently, vice president of facility solutions. Ms. Hamblet received her undergraduate degree from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and her master's degree in business administration from Bentley University.                                    










Quick Facts


Age:
48


Salary:
$310,000 [2014]


Bonus:
$200,000 [2014]


Total Annual Compensation
$510,000







Social Presence







Board Members Memberships






1969-Present Executive Vice President - eBusiness at BMC Stock Holdings Inc















EXECUTIVE INSIDER TRANSACTIONS





Total Records: 101








INSIDER


DATE


BUY/SELL


SHARES



TRADEPRICE($)


COST/PROFIT


PRICE CHANGESINCE TRADE(%)


SHARE REMAININGAFTER TRANSACTION













X

SIGN IN

Sign in










REGISTER/SIGN IN




remember me
Forgot your password?





SIGN IN WITH GOOGLE


SIGN IN WITH FACEBOOK


SIGN IN WITH LINKEDIN





















 Web Analytics by Logaholic


