










 





Insider Trading - Hamilton Edward Arthur - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Hamilton Edward Arthur





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2015-02-25Purchase
2015-04-245:27 pm
Combimatrix Corp
CBMX
Hamilton Edward Arthur10% Owner
482,300
$2.003
$966,049
1,728,457(DirectIndirect)
View


2015-02-25Sale
2015-04-245:27 pm
Combimatrix Corp
CBMX
Hamilton Edward Arthur10% Owner
26,800
$2.074
$55,586
1,728,457(DirectIndirect)
View










    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 20:24:03 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  












Insider trading history of Hamilton Edward Arthur    at Combimatrix Corp 



















Insider Monitor



Realtime

Insider Buys 

Insider buys today     
Insider buys 1 day ago
Insider buys 2 days ago
Insider buys 3 days ago
Insider buys 4 days ago
Insider buys 5 days ago
Insider buys 6 days ago
Insider buys 7 days ago
Insider buys 8 days ago
Insider buys 9 days ago
Insider buys 10 days ago



Insider Sales 

Insider sales today       
Insider sales 1 day ago
Insider sales 2 days ago
Insider sales 3 days ago
Insider sales 4 days ago
Insider sales 5 days ago
Insider sales 6 days ago
Insider sales 7 days ago



Top 10 

Top 10 insider buys of the week
Top 10 officer buys of the week
Top 10 insider buys of the month
Top 10 officer buys of the month
Top 10 insider sales of the week
Top 10 insider sales of the month









               
		







 Insider Stock Trading History of Hamilton Edward Arthur  








The following table details the trading activities 
(stock purchases, stock sales, and stock option exercises) 
reported to 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
by insider Hamilton Edward Arthur  since year 2005. 
The trader's CIK number is 1639863.
At the time of this reporting, Hamilton Edward Arthur  is the  of Combimatrix Corp . 
(stock ticker symbol CBMX).
See this page for all insider trading activities at Combimatrix Corp . 





Stock purchases, sales, and option exercises reported by insider Hamilton Edward Arthur  since 2005.
  

   Trade Date   
 Symbol 
 Company Name (Issuer) 
 Trade Type 
     Shares   
     Price ($)
   Value ($) 

 2015-03-06  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Sale  16,700  2.03  33,901 
 2015-03-27  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  3,500  1.95  6,825 
 2015-03-20  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  2,100  2.12  4,452 
 2015-03-09  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  24,400  1.98  48,312 
 2015-03-06  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  700  2.04  1,428 
 2015-03-04  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  46,260  2.00  92,520 
 2015-03-03  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  39,100  2.01  78,590 
 2015-04-09  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  9,100  1.89  17,199 
 2015-03-02  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  28,200  2.05  57,809 
 2015-04-08  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  1,000  1.86  1,860 
 2015-03-30  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  1,700  1.92  3,264 
 2015-04-02  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  1,200  1.90  2,280 
 2015-02-25  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  19,900  1.97  39,203 
 2015-02-26  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  146,000  2.01  293,459 
 2015-03-05  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Sale  1,000  2.04  2,040 
 2015-03-19  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Sale  8,900  2.15  19,135 
 2015-03-10  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Sale  200  1.93  386 
 2015-03-18  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  6,900  1.95  13,455 
 2015-03-17  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  7,300  1.98  14,454 
 2015-03-16  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  25,600  1.99  50,944 
 2015-03-13  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  3,780  1.98  7,484 
 2015-03-12  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  10,900  2.01  21,908 
 2015-03-11  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  7,500  1.97  14,775 
 2015-03-10  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  17,300  1.93  33,389 
 2015-02-27  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  76,860  2.04  156,794 
 2015-04-01  CBMX  Combimatrix Corp   Buy  3,000  1.88  5,640 


Insider trading activities including stock purchases, stock sales, and option exercises
listed in the above table cannot be completely guaranteed as to their accuracy.
For more  information regarding the trades made by Hamilton Edward Arthur  
( of Combimatrix Corp  at the time of this reporting) see 

the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  website.


















 



















Newest Insider Buys 
Insider Trading Resources 
Archive  
Privacy  
Contact  
2016,2017 Market Holidays 
Market Hours 






Tweet



 ©2017, insider-monitor.com. All rights reserved. 
 


















Edward Hamilton in Charlotte, NC - View 6 Results Found



















Edward Arthur Hamilton - Charlotte, NC | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Edward Arthur Hamilton in Charlotte, NC


Edward Arthur Hamilton

                                                                           Intelius found that Edward Arthur Hamilton  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Charlotte, NC.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Ed  Hamilton


Get Report Now

Age

Edward Arthur Hamilton is in his 50s

Edward Has Lived In

Charlotte, NC
Chicago, IL
Boston, MA

Edward's Relatives

Monica Hamilton







Edward Arthur Hamilton



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Edward? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Edward, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Edward Arthur Hamilton
Get a Criminal Check on Edward Arthur Hamilton
Get a Public Record Report on Edward Arthur Hamilton
Get a People Search Report on Edward Arthur Hamilton


Edward Arthur Hamilton's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Edward Arthur Hamilton has lived as well as Edward Arthur Hamilton's phone numbers and email addresses.




Edward Arthur Hamilton Has Lived in 4 States
North Carolina Address for Edward Arthur Hamilton


4300 S***** R* 

Charlotte, NC


Has Lived In

Charlotte, NC
Chicago, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Edward Arthur Hamilton

(704) ***-**** - Charlotte, NC 
(843) ***-**** - Johns Island, SC 
() ***-**** - Charlotte, NC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Edward Arthur Hamilton

e***********7@***.com
e************n@***.net


Get Email Report




Edward Arthur Hamilton's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Edward Arthur Hamilton


Edward Arthur Hamilton's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Edward Arthur Hamilton's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Edward Hamilton
Username Matches

                  EdwardHamilton
                  HamiltonEdward
                  Edward.Hamilton
                  Hamilton.Edward
                  Edward_Hamilton
                  Hamilton_Edward
                  Edward-Hamilton
                  Hamilton-Edward
                  EHamilton
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E Hamilton







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Edward Hamilton (Arthur), 51  - Charlotte, NC | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in












Home




People Search






NC






Charlotte




Edward Hamilton












About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 EH


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Edward Hamilton
 Charlotte, NC
 Age: 51 -
								08/05/1965








AKA:
                                                Edward Arthur Hamilton, Ed Hamilton, Edward Amilton, Edward A Hamilton, Ed A Hamilton













Work Info








                                    Single






Unavailable







                                    Republican Party









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Edward










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number










****@reunionemail.com

                                
                                     |  Send Message











24*** **** Rd


Charlotte, NC 28211







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
                        Edward Hamilton  was born in 1965.
        Edward
                   currently lives in 



Charlotte
.
        
                     Before that, he lived in
                        



Charlotte
, NC
                                          in 2012.
                                    















About & Contact Information


Edward's Story






Please Wait...


            Edward Hamilton  was born in 1965.
            Edward
                currently lives in 



Charlotte
.
            
                        Before that, he lived in
                        



Charlotte
, NC
                                        in 2012.
                                    





Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
24*** **** Rd
Charlotte, NC
View Address


Past Address
19*** **** Ave




Charlotte
, NC
View Address


Past Address
44*** **** Dr




Charlotte
, NC
View Address


Past Address
43*** **** Rd




Charlotte
, NC
View Address


Past Address





Charlotte
, NC
View Address




Email Address
****@reunionemail.com
View Email





    Edward may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Edward's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Edward may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Edward may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Edward may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Edward may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Edward may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Edward's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Edward may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Edward may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Edward's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Edward Hamilton's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Edward










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Edward may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Edward. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Edward may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Edward may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Edward may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Edward may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 RH



                                                        RobertHamilton


                                                      Maple City, MI



 MH



                                                        MonicaHamilton


                                                      Charlotte, NC



 EH



                                                        EdgarHamilton


                                                      Charlotte, NC



 JR



                                                        JodiRose


                                                      Oaklyn, NJ



 RH



                                                        RobertHamilton


                                                      Oak Park, IL



 MP



                                                        MadgePiro


                                                      Virginia Beach, VA




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Edward may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies










Find Another Edward Hamilton






eh


Edward Hamilton, 73 
Charlotte, AR



eh


Edward Hamilton, 73 
Charlotte, AR



eh


Edward Hamilton, 62 
Charlotte, NC



eh


Edward Hamilton, 91 
Charlotte, NC



eh


Edward Hamilton
Charlotte, NC



eh


Edward Hamilton
Charlotte, NC




                                View More
                            














A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 








Home




People Search






NC






Charlotte




Edward Hamilton





Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Edward build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Edward Hamilton
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Edward's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Edward have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Edward
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about him on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Edward

Is there anything you want to say about him on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Edward

Is there anything you want to say about him concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Edward?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Edward Hamilton?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Edward 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Edward .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Edward Hamilton
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Edward Hamilton's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Edward's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Edward Hamilton











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Edward



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Edward Hamilton











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 18:24:04 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿







Combimatrix Corp Hamilton Edward Arthur Bought New Stake – Octafinance





















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Combimatrix Corp Hamilton Edward Arthur Bought New Stake


04/24/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in SEC 13G & 13D Filings 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Combimatrix Corp Hamilton Edward Arthur Bought New Stake and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/combimatrix-corp-hamilton-edward-arthur-bought-new-stake/32479/.CaptchaSubmitHamilton Edward Arthur New Position in CombiMatrix Corp (NASDAQ:CBMX)
Hamilton Edward Arthur has filled a SC 13G form regarding Combimatrix Corp  5.15 -0.03 -0.57%. Per Hamilton Edward Arthur’s filing, the filler now owns 13.63% of the Health Care-company, holding 1,728,457 shares.
 CombiMatrix Corp (NASDAQ:CBMX) is a newly disclosed equity position  and the filing was required due to activity on January 22, 2015. This most probably shows Hamilton Edward Arthur’s confidence and optimism in the future of the company.
Combimatrix Corp Hedge Funds Ownership
Latest SEC filings show 15 hedge funds and institutional investors own Combimatrix Corp. The institutional ownership of the company in Q4 2014 is low, at 11.74% of the shares outstanding. They increased by 1094795 the total shares they hold. As of that quarter these institutional investors owned 1488439 shares. A total of 5 funds opened new positions in Combimatrix Corp and 6 increased their holdings. There were 3 funds that closed their positions and 1 that reduced them.
 Longwood Capital Partners Llc is the most positive institutional investor on Combimatrix Corp, with ownership of 853278 shares as of Q4 2014 for 0.74% of the fund’s portfolio.  Summit Capital Management Llc is another positive player owning 12588 shares of the company or 0.01% of their stocks portfolio. MD Marathon Capital Management have 0.02% of their stock portfolio invested in the stock for 15000. Further, Perkins Capital Management Inc disclosed it had purchased a stake worth 0.27% of the fund’s stock portfolio in the company. The CT Verition Fund Management Llc was also a notable investor in the firm, owning 83616 shares. Combimatrix Corp is 0.02% of the fund’s stock portfolio.
Company Profile
CombiMatrix Corporation is a molecular diagnostics company. The Company operates in the field of genetic analysis and molecular diagnostics through its wholly owned subsidiary, CombiMatrix Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. located in Irvine, California. The Company operates as a diagnostics reference laboratory, providing DNA-based clinical diagnostic testing services to physicians, hospitals, clinics and other laboratories in the areas of pre-and postnatal development disorders and hematology/oncology genomics. The Company’s oligo arrays allow the Company to perform aCGH on a much more refined scale than is possible with BAC technology.

Form 13G is used when the filer owns between 5% and 20% of the company and plans to hold it only as a passive investor. If the filler intend to exert control and if the stake’s size exceeds 20%, then a 13D must be filed. Therefore, activist investors and practices such as: hostile takeovers, company breakups, and other “change of control” events, are not permitted by 13G filers.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: NASDAQ:CBMX



Rocket Fuel Inc (NASDAQ:FUEL)’s Co-Founder and President Richard Frankel Sold 12,000 Shares Lemur Llc Bought Aeropostale Inc’s Shares 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?



















 






By Author: Arthur Edward Waite - HamiltonBook.com













Skip directly to Site Content
Skip directly to Search
Skip directly to Navigation
Skip directly to Login Page









Welcome to Hamilton Book.
Login or Register 





Help Desk

My Account 

Manage Account
View Order History
Wish List












Search Our Products

Categories

All Categories
Accessories
African Americans
American History
Animals
Anthropology
Archaeology
Architecture
Art Books
Arts & Crafts
Atlases
Autobiography
Automobile
Biography
Birds & Birding
Business
Children's Books
Civil War
Classics Literary Fiction
Collecting
Computer Books
Cookbooks
Crime & Criminals
Dictionaries
Do It Yourself
Economics
Fantasy Fiction
Fashion & Costume
Fiction
Fishing & Hunting
Games
Gardening
Graphic Arts
Graphic Novels & Comics
History
Home Schooling
Humor & Cartoons
Literature
Mathematics
Military History
Movies
Music
Music Recordings
Mysteries & Detectives
Native Americans
Nature
Needlecrafts
Occult
Personal Finance
Pets
Philosophy
Photography
Poetry
Politics
Psychology
Railroads
Reference
Religion
Romance & Women's Stories
Royalty
Science
Science Fiction
Self-Help
Short Stories
Social Science
Spies & Thrillers
Sports
Television & Radio
Theater & Dance
Travel
Travel Guides
Vietnam War
West
Wines & Spirits
WW I & WW II
Your Health




Power Search






Cart: 0 items for 0.00 » View Contents
							

Checkout





 





HomeBy Author: Arthur Edward Waite 




Narrow your results...







Format

 Hardcover (1)
 Paperback (2)



Price Range

 $10 - $25 (2)
 Over $50 (1)



Category


Occult (3)
        






By Author: Arthur Edward Waite


Showing 1 - 3 of 3 Items




Sort by: 
A-Z
Z-A
Price Low to High
Price High to Low
Most Popular




 

View: 
20
40
80
100



 

View as: 
grid
list with icons
text list









Page 1 of 1 















THE BOOK OF BLACK MAGIC
Arthur Edward Waite


                    Your Price                    $16.95 (Save $5)                
Published at $21.95 
Paperbound




Item #: 5791839










THE HERMETIC MUSEUM: Containing Twenty-Two Most Celebrated Chemical Tracts
Arthur Edward Waite


                    Your Price                    $54.95 (Save $19.05)                
Published at $74.00 
Hardbound




Item #: 5792029










THE PICTORIAL KEY TO THE TAROT
Arthur Edward Waite


                    Your Price                    $12.95 (Save $4)                
Published at $16.95 
Paperbound




Item #: 6612911










Sort by: 
A-Z
Z-A
Price Low to High
Price High to Low
Most Popular




 

View: 
20
40
80
100



 

View as: 
grid
list with icons
text list









Page 1 of 1 





































HAMILTON EDWARD ARTHUR Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      HAMILTON EDWARD ARTHUR
                    

•   CHARLOTTE, NC
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Hamilton Edward Arthur is based out of Charlotte.    WhaleWisdom has at least 3 13D/G filings in our database for Hamilton Edward Arthur.
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from HAMILTON EDWARD ARTHUR, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




hamilton edward arthur


5925 CARNEGIE BLVD.

CHARLOTTE
NC
                                                        
                                                    28210









Recent SEC Filings




SC 13G/A filed on 10/19/2016
SC 13G/A filed on 01/26/2016
3 filed on 04/24/2015
4 filed on 04/24/2015
SC 13G filed on 04/24/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free






















Edward Hamilton in North Carolina - View 29 Results Found


















Edward Arthur Hamilton | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. Edward Arthur Hamilton will not be notified of your purchase.

 
Related SearchesEd Andrew HamiltonEd Albert HamiltonEd HamiltonEdward A HamiltonEdward Alricks Hamilton

Connect With Us











72 Matching Results!Showing Top 20. Use filters to see more.
Filter By Age:All AgesNo Age30 - 3940 - 4950 - 5960 - 6970 - 7980 - 8990 - 99Has lived in:All CitiesAZ - ChandlerAZ - GilbertAZ - TempeCA - Chula VistaCA - FresnoCA - HanfordCA - La MesaCO - AuroraCO - Cripple CreekCO - DenverCO - GoldenCO - LittletonCO - PuebloCO - Wheat RidgeCT - FairfieldCT - HamdenDE - GeorgetownFL - Boca RatonFL - Delray BeachFL - JacksonvilleFL - LeesburgFL - Melbourne BeachFL - Miami BeachFL - MonticelloFL - Palm BayFL - ValricoFL - VeniceFL - West Palm BeachGA - AlpharettaGA - AugustaGA - ByronGA - DublinGA - GriffinGA - Mc DonoughGA - SavannahGA - VidaliaGA - Warner RobinsGA - WoodstockHI - HonoluluIA - AmesIA - AtlanticIA - CrestonIA - LenoxIL - AntiochIL - ChicagoIL - LincolnshireIL - RockfordIN - MacyLA - New IberiaMA - BostonMA - BrewsterMA - BurlingtonMA - HaverhillMD - BaltimoreMD - Gwynn OakMI - DetroitMI - East LansingMI - Grand RapidsMI - GrandvilleMI - HastingsMI - LansingMI - MonroeMI - RockfordMN - FaribaultMN - MedfordMO - CamdentonMO - CarthageMO - Cedar HillMO - ColumbiaMO - De SotoMO - DittmerMO - French VillageMO - HillsboroMO - IndependenceMO - Kansas CityMO - LuebberingMO - NeoshoMO - Saint ClairMO - Saint LouisMO - VeronaMO - Villa RidgeMS - JacksonMT - AbsarokeeMT - BillingsMT - ColumbusNC - CharlotteNC - CreedmoorNC - FayettevilleNC - JacksonvilleNC - MacOnNC - NewportNC - OxfordNC - WarrentonNH - HollisNH - ManchesterNH - RaymondNH - SalemNJ - Asbury ParkNJ - Bradley BeachNJ - BrickNJ - DunellenNJ - ManchesterNJ - Manchester TownshipNJ - NeptuneNJ - UnionNJ - WaretownNM - KennaNM - VelardeNY - AlbanyNY - BrockportNY - BronxNY - CastileNY - CatoNY - ChappaquaNY - KinderhookNY - LathamNY - Le RoyNY - PortagevilleNY - RochesterNY - SchenectadyNY - StuyvesantNY - TheresaNY - WatervlietNY - West Sand LakeOH - BurtonOH - GalionOH - MariettaOH - MarionOH - MarysvilleOH - MiddlefieldOH - NewburyOH - RaymondOH - RichmondOH - RichwoodOH - Rock CreekOH - RomeOH - ShelbyOK - ArdmoreOK - BartlesvilleOR - BeavertonOR - PortlandOR - WoodburnPA - Bala CynwydPA - CoatesvillePA - CochranvillePA - CoraopolisPA - DarbyPA - GaletonPA - HarrisburgPA - Huntingdon ValleyPA - LansdalePA - LewisburgPA - MifflinburgPA - MiltonPA - NarberthPA - PittsburghPA - SewickleyPA - ThorndalePA - WaynePA - West ChesterRI - ProvidenceSC - CharlestonSC - ClemsonSC - FlorenceSC - Johns IslandSC - Lake CitySC - OlantaSC - SenecaTN - CordovaTN - GermantownTN - KnoxvilleTN - MemphisTX - AustinTX - BrownwoodTX - BurnetTX - Cedar HillTX - Copperas CoveTX - DublinTX - EdnaTX - El PasoTX - Fort WorthTX - FredericksburgTX - GardendaleTX - GeorgetownTX - Harker HeightsTX - HarperTX - HemphillTX - HurstTX - JasperTX - Mc KinneyTX - PflugervilleTX - PlanoTX - RichardsonTX - Round RockTX - SpringTX - ZephyrUT - DeltaVA - AlexandriaVA - FairfaxVA - FredericksburgVA - HaymarketVA - Highland SpringsVA - King WilliamVA - ManassasVA - PalmyraVA - RichmondVA - WiseVA - WoodbridgeWA - BremertonWA - FreelandWA - LaceyWA - LongviewWA - SeattleWA - VashonWA - YelmWI - BristolWI - Lac Du FlambeauWV - ParkersburgWY - Worland




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


Edward Archie HamiltonAge 39

Ed Hamilton
Columbia, MOSaint Louis, MOMemphis, TNGermantown, TNCordova, TN
Melissa HamiltonArchie HamiltonIrene CockrillJennifer VolpittoAngela Green


 


View Details


Edward A HamiltonAge 34

Ean A Hamilton
Richmond, VAFairfax, VAManassas, VAWoodbridge, VAHaymarket, VAHighland Springs, VAKing William, VA
Josephine HamiltonLyndell Rochefort


 


View Details


Edward Allan HamiltonAge 74

Hamilton Ed
Lenox, IAAtlantic, IAArdmore, OKFredericksburg, TXCreston, IA
Mark HamiltonDelonna HamiltonKay Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward A HamiltonAge 81

Ed Albert Hamilton
MacOn, NCWarrenton, NCNewport, NCMacy, INCreedmoor, NCOxford, NC
Julie HamiltonJulia HamiltonEmily HamiltonMark HamiltonEzra Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward G Hamilton

Edward Alricks HamiltonEdwardollie HamiltonEd Hamilton
Hemphill, TXVenice, FLFairfield, CTHamden, CTShelby, OHMarietta, OHParkersburg, WV
Olive HamiltonMargaret Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward A HamiltonAge 50

Ed Hamilton
Latham, NYHarrisburg, PAWatervliet, NY
Elwood HamiltonMaryann HamiltonJr HamiltonAmy Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward J HamiltonAge 48

Edward A HamiltonEd J HamiltonEd A Hamilton
Latham, NYAlbany, NYRochester, NYStuyvesant, NYCastile, NYPortageville, NYBrockport, NY
Russell HamiltonSara HamiltonJudith HamiltonAnne PhelpsAnna Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward A HamiltonAge 77

Edward J Hamilton
Cato, NYCastile, NYPortageville, NY
Judith Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward A HamiltonAge 63

Ed Andrew Hamilton
Fredericksburg, TXDublin, TXHarper, TX
Terry HamiltonSa HamiltonPatricia HamiltonMelinda HamiltonDala Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward A HamiltonAge 52

Ed S Hamilton
Bremerton, WA
Eleanor ItschnerSarah Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward Joshua HamiltonAge 42

Edward E HamiltonEdward A HamiltonEd Hamilton
Vashon, WALacey, WAYelm, WA
Michelle TrochaSara HamiltonLona Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward Arthur HamiltonAge 71


Gilbert, AZGrand Rapids, MIGrandville, MIChandler, AZRockford, MISpring, TX
Scott HamiltonMaryanne HamiltonChrista HamiltonMary-anne HamiltonBruce Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward Eugene HamiltonAge 78

Edward A Hamilton
Warner Robins, GAMonticello, FLByron, GADublin, GA
Ea HamiltonElizabeth HamiltonBarbara SellersLatrice Sellers


 


View Details


Edward A HamiltonAge 50


Marysville, OHMarion, OHRaymond, OHRichmond, OHRichwood, OHGalion, OH
Donna HamiltonRobert HamiltonResia HamiltonBilly HamiltonHamilton Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward A HamiltonAge 57

Clarence Edward Hamilton
Delray Beach, FLBoca Raton, FLBronx, NYJacksonville, FLFlorence, SCPalm Bay, FLChappaqua, NY
Priscilla HamiltonNatoshia HamiltonGladys HamiltonWillie Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward Andrew HamiltonAge 55

Ed Hamilton
Rockford, ILAurora, COGolden, COLittleton, CODenver, CO
Terri Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward B HamiltonAge 67

Edward A HamiltonEd Hamilton
Columbus, MTTempe, AZWorland, WYAbsarokee, MTBillings, MT
Arthur HamiltonJulie HamiltonCarol HamiltonBrian HamiltonMark Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward A HamiltonAge 79


Vidalia, GAClemson, SCPalmyra, VAValrico, FLSeneca, SC
Leigh HamiltonLaura HamiltonJane HamiltonRobert Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward Arthur HamiltonAge 51

Ed Hamilton
Charlotte, NCBoston, MAChicago, ILJohns Island, SC
Monica Hamilton


 


View Details


Edward Hamilton


Providence, RI





 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact

















Edward Hamilton at MyLife.com® - View 799 Results Found






































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in







Home
People Search
Edward Hamilton


Edward Hamilton in the United States
We found 799 people in the US matching Edward Hamilton.
                Get Edward Hamilton's full address, contact info, background report and more!
            











Filter by Age and Location
REFINE SEARCH
Find Edward Hamilton by State


Alaska  (2) found


Alabama  (12) found


Arkansas  (16) found


Arizona  (13) found


California  (63) found


Colorado  (11) found


Connecticut  (9) found


District of Columbia  (2) found


Delaware  (4) found


Florida  (60) found


Georgia  (16) found


Iowa  (8) found


Idaho  (1) found


Illinois  (33) found


Indiana  (27) found


Kansas  (5) found


Kentucky  (15) found


Louisiana  (9) found


Massachusetts  (27) found


Maryland  (23) found


Maine  (9) found


Michigan  (24) found


Minnesota  (5) found


Missouri  (16) found


Mississippi  (6) found


Montana  (1) found


North Carolina  (27) found


North Dakota  (1) found


Nebraska  (7) found


New Hampshire  (5) found


New Jersey  (32) found


New Mexico  (3) found


Nevada  (5) found


New York  (50) found


Ohio  (36) found


Oklahoma  (8) found


Oregon  (8) found


Pennsylvania  (42) found


Rhode Island  (5) found


South Carolina  (15) found


South Dakota  (1) found


Tennessee  (23) found


Texas  (55) found


Utah  (4) found


Virginia  (24) found


Vermont  (1) found


Washington  (16) found


Wisconsin  (8) found


West Virginia  (5) found


Wyoming  (1) found




  




                                        1.
                                            




Edward T Hamilton

 - Apo,
AE
                                    , Age 72


 ****@gmail.com


ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward T Hamilton






PLACES LIVED




West Palm Beach
, 



Fl



RELATIVES




Angela Mae Griffin





David B Hamilton






Randy S Hamilton





Tanja Krystal Robinson





Eric M Hamilton





Teresa Marie Arrington





Brooks S Hamilton


+5 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY
Home, House BoyY Mart, Manager


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        2.
                                            




Edward C Hamilton

 - Fairbanks,
AK
                                    , Age 54




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward C Hamilton





Edward  Hamilton






Edwin  Hamilton
 

+1 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Fairbanks
, 



Ak





Fairbanks
, 



Ak






Wethersfield
, 



Ct


+1 more
                                                



RELATIVES




Thomas Archer Hamilton





Diana L Hamilton






Clark B Hamilton


+1 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        3.
                                            




Edward V Hamilton

 - Shageluk,
AK
                                    , Age 33




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward  Hamilton





Edward V Hamilton






PLACES LIVED




Grayling
, 



Ak





Grayling
, 



Ak



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        4.
                                            




Edward O Hamilton

 - Gaylesville,
AL
                                    , Age 59


 
                                                
                                                    (256) ***-****
                                                


ALSO KNOWN AS




Odis  Hamilton





Edward  Hamilton






Edward O Hamilton
 




Edward  Liohamilton
 

+2 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Gaylesville
, 



Al





Cedar Bluff
, 



Al






Cedar Bluff
, 



Al


+1 more
                                                



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        5.
                                            




Edward Clay Hamilton

 - Huntsville,
AL
                                    , Age 87




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward C Hamilton






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        6.
                                            




Edward  Hamilton

 - Mobile,
AL





ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward  Hamilton





Edw  Hamilton






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        7.
                                            




Edward  Hamilton

 - Mobile,
AL





ALSO KNOWN AS




Edw  Hamilton





Edward  Hamilton






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        8.
                                            




Edward Lloyd Hamilton

 - Montgomery,
AL
                                    , Age 53




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward  Hamilton





Edward L Hamilton






Edward Lloyd Hamilton
 




Esward L Hamilton
 

+2 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Montgomery
, 



Al





Montgomery
, 



Al






Montgomery
, 



Al


+1 more
                                                



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        9.
                                            




Edward Matthew Hamilton

 - Pell City,
AL
                                    , Age 31


 ****@juno.com


ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward Matthew Hamilton






PLACES LIVED




Pell City
, 



Al



RELATIVES




Edward Matthew Hamilton





Tina Michelle Little






Matt  Hammilton


+1 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            Tarrant High School
                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        10.
                                            




Edward Matthew Hamilton

 - Pell City,
AL
                                    , Age 49




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward M Hamilton






PLACES LIVED




Morris
, 



Al



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        11.
                                            




Edward Lee Hamilton

 - Russellville,
AL
                                    , Age 67


 
                                                
                                                    (256) ***-****
                                                


ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward  Gasaway





Edward  Hamilton






Edward Lee Gasaway
 




Edward L Hamilton
 

+2 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Russellville
, 



Al





Citronelle
, 



Al



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        12.
                                            




Edward L Hamilton

 - Sylacauga,
AL
                                    , Age 50




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward  Hamilton





Edward  Hamitlon






Ed  Hamilton
 




Edward L Hamilton
 

+2 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Sylacauga
, 



Al





Sylacauga
, 



Al






Alpine
, 



Al


+1 more
                                                



RELATIVES




Lisa A Hamilton





Earl S Hamilton






Lisa A Hamilton





Lisa Michelle Hamilton





Tracie  Hamilton





Michelle C Hamilton





Amanda Kay Hamilton





Barbara A Hamilton





Barbara A Hamilton





Jessica Lynne Hamilton





James E Hamilton





Lisa A Hamilton





April H Hill





Roxanna  Grey





Frankie Joe Hamilton





Betty Sue Hamilton





Charity Lynn Hamilton





James Earl Hamilton


+16 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        13.
                                            




Edward W Hamilton

 - Sylacauga,
AL
                                    , Age 71


 
                                                
                                                    (256) ***-****
                                                


ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward W Hamilton





Edward  Hamilton






Edward S Hamilton
 

+1 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Sylacauga
, 



Al



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        14.
                                            




Edward Wade Hamilton

 - Sylacauga,
AL
                                    , Age 46


 
                                                
                                                    (256) ***-****
                                                


ALSO KNOWN AS




Wade  Hamilton





Edward  Hamilton






Edward Wade Hamilton
 




Hamilton Edward Wade
 




Edward W Hamilton
 

+3 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Sylacauga
, 



Al



RELATIVES




Peggy G Hamilton





Edward W Hamilton



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        15.
                                            




Edward G Hamilton

 - Wilmer,
AL
                                    , Age 72




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward G Hamilton





Edward George Hamilton






PLACES LIVED




Wilmer
, 



Al



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        16.
                                            




Edward L Hamilton

 - Bassett,
AR
                                    , Age 63




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward L Hamilton





Edward  Hamilton






PLACES LIVED




Bassett
, 



Ar





Wilson
, 



Ar






Tiptonville
, 



Tn


+1 more
                                                



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        17.
                                            




Edward Leon Hamilton

 - Bono,
AR
                                    , Age 72


 
                                                
                                                    (870) ***-****
                                                


ALSO KNOWN AS




Leon  Hamilton





Leon J Hamilton






Edward Leon Hamilton
 




Edward L Hamilton
 

+2 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        18.
                                            




Edward Leon Hamilton

 - Bono,
AR
                                    , Age 72









PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        19.
                                            




Edward Irven Hamilton

 - Charlotte,
AR
                                    , Age 73


 
                                                
                                                    (870) ***-****
                                                
 ****@gmail.com


ALSO KNOWN AS




Edward T Hamilton





Edward I Hamilton






Edward  Hamilton
 




Hamilton Edward Irven
 




Edward Irven Hamilton
 

+3 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES




Carolyn Viola Hamilton





Beth A Hamilton






Stacey Leann Cohrs





Natasha M Ramsey





Edward I Hamilton





Edward Douglas Hamilton


+4 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY
Home, House BoyY Mart, Manager


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        20.
                                            




Edward I Hamilton

 - Charlotte,
AR
                                    , Age 73









PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                    1 of 42  
1
2
3
4
5
Next












Filter Results for Edward Hamilton




First Name

Last Name



Last Known Location

Age




Cancel APPLY FILTERS









×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in






































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












				Copyright © MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








				* The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
			



 











×


ZIP Code


Please enter a valid zip code



SUBMIT
















