

JHSalesNet - Home










































My Profile


Log Out


Login


Register Now!


Contact Us








































				JH SalesNet
				






Products




Product Portfolio



																Product Overview
																



																Premier Life
																



																		Premier Life
																		





																Universal Single Life
																



																		Protection UL
																		



																		Protection UL with Vitality
																		



																		Protection IUL
																		



																		Protection IUL with Vitality
																		



																		Accumulation IUL
																		



																		Accumulation IUL with Vitality
																		



																		Accumulation UL
																		



																		UL-G
																		





																Survivorship Universal Life
																



																		Protection SUL
																		



																		SUL-G
																		



																		Protection SIUL
																		



																		Protection SIUL with Vitality
																		





																Variable Single Life
																



																		Protection VUL
																		



																		Accumulation VUL
																		



																		John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust
																		



																		Accumulation VUL with Vitality
																		



																		Simplified Life
																		



																		Simplified Life with Vitality
																		



																		Protection VUL with Vitality
																		





																Variable Survivorship Life
																



																		John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust
																		



																		Accumulation SVUL
																		



																		Protection SVUL
																		





																Term
																



																		John Hancock Term
																		



																		John Hancock Term with Vitality
																		



																		SmartProtect Term with Vitality
																		





																Long-Term Care Rider
																



																		LTC Rider
																		



																		LTC Rider Training
																		






Corporate Solutions



																COLI Products
																



																COLI Overview
																



																Marketing Resources
																



																COLI Library
																



																Simplified Life
																



																Simplified Life with Vitality
																




Fund Information



																Fund Overview
																



																JHVIT Fund Performance
																



																Fund Performance By Product
																



																Prospectuses
																



																Quarterly Fund Sheets
																








John Hancock Vitality Program




John Hancock Vitality Program



																Program Overview
																



																Protection UL with Vitality
																



																John Hancock Term with Vitality
																



																Accumulation IUL with Vitality
																



																Protection IUL with Vitality
																



																Accumulation VUL with Vitality
																



																Simplified Life with Vitality
																



																SmartProtect Term with Vitality
																



																Protection SIUL with Vitality
																



																Protection VUL with Vitality
																








Advanced Markets




Advanced Markets 



																Advanced Markets Overview
																



																Advanced Markets Radio
																



																Articles
																



																Central Intelligence
																



																Library
																



																Microsites
																



																Sales Concepts
																



																Topic of the Month
																



																Contact Us
																








Sales Tools & Resources




Sales & Marketing Resources



																John Hancock Journal
																



																Illustration System Downloads
																



																Financial Strength
																



																Investment Resources
																



																Spotlight
																



																Sales Contact Information
																



																Needs Analysis Calculator
																








New Business & Underwriting




New Business


Quick Case Lookup:









																New Business Case Status
																



																New Business Forms
																



																New Business Guidelines
																



																Feedback@jhancock.com
																



																Email / Attachments
																




Field Underwriting Guide



																Underwriting Overview
																



																Best Class Guidelines
																



																Non-Medical Guidelines
																



																Age and Amount Requirements
																



																Medical Impairments
																



																Foreign Travel/Non-U.S. Resident
																




Licensing



																Licensing Guidelines
																



																Appointment Status
																



																Producer T&C Statement
																








Service and Forms




Customer Service


Policy Search:









																Policy Details
																



																Investment Changes
																



																Investment Option Demo
																



																Service Requests
																



																Life Account Access
																



																Customer Service Forms
																



																Email / Attachments
																




Claims



																Death Claim
																



																Accelerated Benefit Claim
																



																Disability Claim
																



																Claims FAQ
																




Forms



																New Business Forms
																



																Customer Service Forms
																





















































I want to...




						
							
								
									Check New Business Case Status
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Search for Policy Details
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Check Fund Performance
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Access Product Portfolio
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Download a Form
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Update Personal Information
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									View JH Financial Highlights
								
								
							
						













JH News




						
							
								
									New Accumulation IUL with Vitality
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									New Protection VUL with Vitality
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Important Compliance News
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Notices and Policies
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									A quick lesson on navigating JH SalesNet
								
								
							
						



















Help me sell John Hancock










New Journal Magazine Available

Today’s consumers have a wide variety of financial planning issues, including everything from taking care of a child with special needs, to managing the health and financial considerations of having diabetes, and ensuring there’s enough money for a long retirement. The latest Journal features life insurance’s capabilities beyond traditional death benefit coverage that can help solve a myriad of planning challenges.
 













All Products Guide

Check out the All Products Guide which provides an overview of John Hancock's complete product protfolio and a thumbnail sketch of each product's key features and benefits.

													(184KB PDF)
													
											















Life Insurance Needs Analysis Calculator

This interactive tool will help determine how much life insurance coverage clients need to secure their financial future.













JH LifeGuide 

Bookmark this handy guide to applying for and administering John Hancock life insurance policies. Also find tips to help ensure accuracy and efficiency through every step of the process.


















Top 5 Downloads




						
							
								
									JH Illustrator 13.3
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Vitality Seller's Guide (PDF)
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Simplified Life with Vitality Mailer  (PDF)
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Business Planning Kit
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Underwriting Guidelines
								
								
							
						

















						
							
								
									2018 JH Insurance Summit
								
								
							
						
 







 
Offering instant access to key policy documents for selected products. Learn more.




















 


For term policies, Apple Watch Series 2 is only available with face amounts ≥ $2,000,000. Apple Watch Series 2 can be ordered for an initial payment of $25 plus tax and over the next two years, monthly payments are based on the number of workouts completed. An iPhone 5 or later is required to use Apple Watch Series 2. The Retail Installment Agreement with the Vitality Group will need to be signed electronically at checkout. Apple is not a participant in or sponsor of this promotion. Apple Watch is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Please note: Apple Watch Series 2 program is not available in New York.
Please contact 1-800-827-4546 to obtain product and fund prospectuses (for New York, contact 1-877-391-3748, option 4). The prospectuses contains complete details on investment objectives, risks, fees, charges and expenses as well as other information about the investment company. Please read the prospectuses carefully containing this and other information on the product and the underlying portfolios and consider these factors carefully before investing.
Variable universal life insurance has annual fees and expenses associated with it in addition to life insurance related charges (which differ with the product chosen), including surrender charges and investment management fees. Variable universal life insurance products are long-term contracts and are sold by prospectus. They are subject to market risk due to the underlying sub-accounts, and are unsuitable as a short term savings vehicle. The primary purpose of variable universal life insurance is to provide lifetime protection against economic loss due to the death of the insured person. Cash values are not guaranteed if the client is invested in the investment accounts. There are risks associated with each investment option, and the policy may lose value.
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states.
Vitality is the provider of the John Hancock Vitality Program in connection with your life insurance policy.
Rewards and discounts are subject to change and are not guaranteed to remain the same for the life of the policy.
Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02210 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595 and securities are offered through John Hancock Distributors LLC through other broker/dealers that have a selling agreement with John Hancock Distributors LLC, 197 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA 02117.
MLINY072017077






















Site Map


Email


Help


Careers


Privacy Policy


Legal

















 HANCOCK JOHN VARIABLE LIFE ACCOUNT UV/ (Form: 497, Received: 11/10/2008 16:31:33) 













	Supplement Dated November 10, 2008






	To






	Prospectuses Dated April 28, 2008 or Later




	 


	 



	This supplement is intended for distribution with prospectuses dated April 28, 2008 or later for variable life insurance contracts issued by John Hancock Life Insurance Company, John Hancock Variable Life
	Insurance Company, John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, as applicable. The affected prospectuses bear the titles:



	 
















	Medallion Executive Variable Life




	Medallion Executive
	Variable Life II




	Medallion Executive Variable Life III




	Majestic
	Variable Universal Life




	Majestic Variable Universal Life 98




	Variable Master Plan Plus




	Majestic Variable COLI




	Variable Estate Protection




	Majestic Variable Estate Protection




	Majestic Variable Estate Protection 98




	Variable Estate Protection Plus




	Variable Estate Protection Edge




	Performance Survivorship Variable Universal Life




	Majestic Performance Survivorship Variable Universal Life




	Performance
	Executive Variable Life




	Medallion Variable Life




	Medallion
	Variable Universal Life Plus




	Medallion Variable Universal Life Edge




	Medallion Variable Universal Life Edge II





	  





	Annual Premium Variable Life




	eVariable Life




	Flex V1




	Flex V2




	VUL Accumulator




	EPVUL




	Accumulation VUL




	VUL Protector




	SPVL




	Survivorship VUL




	Protection Variable Universal Life




	Majestic Performance VUL




	Survivorship Variable Universal Life




	Majestic Survivorship VULX




	Majestic VULX




	Corporate VUL












	Changes to Variable Investment Accounts






	Effective after the close of business on November 7, 2008, the portfolios of John Hancock Trust listed below under Acquired Portfolios merged into the
	corresponding John Hancock Trust portfolio listed below under Acquiring Portfolios.



	 














	Acquired Portfolios





	 





	Acquiring Portfolios













	Emerging Growth




	 




	Small Cap Growth












	Managed




	 




	Lifestyle Balanced












	Small Cap




	 




	Small Cap Growth












	U.S. Core




	 




	Fundamental Value







	As a result, you will not be able to allocate your policy value or any premium payments to an investment account
	corresponding with one of the Acquired Portfolios after November 7, 2008. You should disregard any reference in the product prospectus to the Acquired Portfolios.




	Moreover, one or more of the Acquired Portfolios may not be available to you. You should consult your current prospectus to verify which investment accounts are currently available under your policy.









	Lifestyle Balanced Portfolio Addition






	This supplement also supplements the

	Annual Premium Variable Life

	prospectus dated April 28, 2008.




	Effective
	November 10, 2008, we will add the Lifestyle Balanced investment account to your policy, which invests in the Lifestyle Balanced portfolio of the John Hancock Trust.




	We revise the list of investment accounts on the first page of the prospectus to add the Lifestyle Balanced portfolio.




	We
	revise the Maximum Total Annual Portfolio Operating Expenses as follows:



	 
























	Total Annual Portfolio Operating Expenses





	  




	Minimum




	 




	 




	    




	Maximum







	Range of expenses, including management fees,
	distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees, and other expenses





	  




	0.58%




	 




	 




	    




	0.88%







	We add the following disclosure under Portfolio Annual Expenses:



	 








































	Portfolio





	 





	Management

	Fees





	 






	12b-1






	Fees






	 






	Other






	Expenses






	 






	Acquired






	Fund






	Fees and

	Expenses






	 






	Total






	Operating

	Expenses






	 





	Contractual

	Expense

	Reimbursement





	 





	Net Fund

	Operating

	Expenses








	Lifestyle




	Balanced





	 




	0.04%




	 




	0.00%




	 




	0.02%




	 




	0.82%




	 




	0.88%




	 




	0.00%




	 




	0.88%







	We add the following disclosure under Table of Investment Options and Investment Subadvisers:



	 




















	Portfolio





	 





	Portfolio Manager





	 





	Investment Objective and Strategy







	Lifestyle Balanced




	 




	MFC Global Investment Management (U.S.A.) Limited




	 




	To seek a balance between a high level of current income and growth of capital, with a greater emphasis
	on growth of capital. The portfolio operates as a fund of funds and invests approximately 40% of its assets in underlying portfolios which invest primarily in fixed income securities and approximately 60% in underlying portfolios which invest
	primarily in equity securities.









	Small Cap Growth Portfolio Addition






	This supplement also supplements the prospectuses dated April 28, 2008 bearing the following titles:




	VUL Accumulator




	EPVUL




	VUL Protector




	SPVL




	Corporate VUL




	Survivorship VUL




	Effective November 10, 2008, we will add the Small Cap Growth investment account to your policy, which invests in the Small Cap Growth portfolio of the John Hancock Trust.







	We revise the list of investment accounts on the first page of the prospectus to add the Small Cap Growth portfolio.




	We add the following disclosure under Portfolio Annual Expenses:



	 








































	Portfolio





	 





	Management

	Fees





	 






	12b-1






	Fees






	 






	Other






	Expenses






	 






	Acquired






	Fund






	Fees and

	Expenses






	 






	Total






	Operating

	Expenses






	 





	Contractual

	Expense

	Reimbursement





	 





	Net Fund

	Operating

	Expenses








	Small Cap




	Growth



	3








	 




	1.07%




	 




	0.05%




	 




	0.06%




	 




	0.00%




	 




	1.18%




	 




	0.01%




	 




	1.17%







	We add the following disclosure under Table of Investment Options and Investment Subadvisers:



	 




















	Portfolio





	 





	Portfolio Manager





	 





	Investment Objective and Strategy







	Small Cap Growth




	 




	Wellington Management Company, LLP




	 




	To seek long-term capital appreciation. Under normal market conditions, the portfolio invests at least
	80% of its net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) in small-capitalization companies. For the purposes of the portfolio, small-capitalization companies are those with market capitalizations, at the time of investment,
	not exceeding the maximum market capitalization of any company represented in either the Russell 2000 Index* or the S&P SmallCap 600 Index.*








	If you need additional information, please contact your representative or contact our Service Office at the
	address or telephone number on the back page of your product prospectus.






	You should read this supplement together with the prospectus for the
	contract you purchased, and retain both for future reference.




	 



	VLI ProdSupp 11/08











Life Insurance Legacy Customers - John Hancock


























News
For Advisers
Contact Us
Forms
Site Map





















Overview
401(k) PlansAnnuities
College SavingsFixed Products
Life InsuranceLong-Term Care
Mutual Funds
Tools & Calculators





Life Insurance
An important component of any sound financial plan.

Your Financial Adviser Can Help
Evaluate your goals and choose the investment strategy that's right for you.
						
Contact Us


















Welcome


At John Hancock, we offer a comprehensive portfolio of life insurance products that has been designed to be extremely competitive and provide real value. Whether you are looking for guaranteed death benefit protection, low-cost coverage or consistently strong cash value accumulation potential, John Hancock has a product to meet your needs!


Why John Hancock Life Insurance?

John Hancock is among the highest-rated companies for financial strength and stability, as judged by the major rating agencies.
Policyholder obligations are backed by high quality, broadly diversified portfolios built by using a conservative, bottom-up approach.


Inside Life Insurance



Term Life Insurance
Universal Life Insurance
Variable Life Insurance





Term Life Insurance
Term life insurance provides guaranteed coverage for a specified time. John Hancock's term life insurance product and optional riders are an affordable way to prevent financial hardship should you die suddenly or be diagnosed with a terminal illness. With John Hancock's term you can take advantage of:

Guaranteed level premiums for 10, 15, or 20 years
Guaranteed conversion option to John Hancock's permanent products
Guaranteed level death benefit



Universal Life Insurance
John Hancock's universal life insurance is permanent insurance that offers customizable and flexible solutions to meet your financial objectives. 
Whether you're looking for guaranteed death benefit protection, low-cost coverage or strong cash value growth potential, our universal life products offer a wide variety of features and riders that are ideal for addressing these needs.


Variable Life Insurance
John Hancock's competitive variable universal life policies can give you the protection and guarantees you need to feel secure in uncertain times, plus the cash value growth potential and flexibility you need to meet your long-term financial goals. 
Your premiums are invested in underlying investment options that have the potential to accumulate cash value—tax-deferred. Variable universal life offers protection for your family's financial well-being as well as a potential source of supplemental retirement income for you.











Online Payments

Click here to make convenient and secure electronic payments for your life insurance policy.
















Online Forms 

Click here to access any life insurance customer service forms you need.



Frequently Asked Questions
Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions for Policyholders and Beneficiaries

See FAQs








VLI Product Performance
This product is no longer available for sale.
Monthly Report
(PDF)
Separate Account U-VLI Product Supplement
(PDF)
Separate Account UV-VLI  Product Supplement
(PDF)
John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust Prospectus









JH Financial Network

 


  Find a financial adviser  in your area.  Visit The Site »




Have A Question?

 


Our customer service center is available Monday through Friday, 8 a.m.–7 p.m., ET.
1-800-732-5543

 




Guaranteed product features are dependent upon minimum premium requirements and the claims-paying ability of the life insurance company issuing the life insurance contract.
Term Insurance, Universal Life Insurance:
Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02116 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595.
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states.
Variable Life Insurance:
Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02116 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595 and securities offered through John Hancock Distributors LLC through other broker/dealers that have a selling agreement with John Hancock Distributors LLC, 197 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA 02116.
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states.  Some riders may have additional fees and expenses associated with them.  Refer to the product prospectus for additional information.
Variable universal life insurance has annual fees and expenses associated with it in addition to life insurance related charges (which differ with the product chosen), including surrender charges and investment management fees. Variable universal life insurance products are long-term contracts and are sold by prospectus. They are subject to market risk due to the underlying sub-accounts, and are unsuitable as a short term savings vehicle. The primary purpose of variable universal life insurance is to provide lifetime protection against economic loss due to the death of the insured person. Cash values are not guaranteed if the client is invested in the investment accounts. There are risks associated with each investment option, and the policy may lose value.















 












Insurance, Life Insurance, Vitality | John Hancock













 
Skip to main content


































Home


Individual


Products & Services


            Insurance
        







 







John Hancock Insurance


John Hancock is dedicated to providing innovative life insurance solutions designed to help you address a variety of financial planning needs. With more than 150 years of delivering on our promises and backed by strong financial ratings, John Hancock offers life insurance that can benefit you at all stages of life.






Visit Website
						
					






Why Do You Need Life Insurance?



Life insurance can be one of the most important purchases you will make. You want your family or business to be financially secure, to enjoy a comfortable retirement, and even leave a legacy for your children and grandchildren. No matter what your goals are, the unique tax benefits and features of life insurance can help you to achieve them. 


Types of Life Insurance
Choosing the right type of life insurance depends on your circumstances and financial goals. Life insurance policies are designed to pay a death benefit when someone dies, but there are usually two basic categories to meet your different needs - term and permanent. 
Term life insurance in general, provides death benefit protection for a specific period of time.
Permanent life insurance offers lifetime death benefit protection with a cash value component. This can mean lifetime peace of mind for you and your family.
Different types of permanent life insurance are usually categorized as follows: Universal Life Insurance, Indexed Universal Life Insurance, and Variable Universal Life Insurance. To find out what life insurance solution best meets your needs, visit JohnHancockInsurance.com.



















We believe that life insurance should reward you for healthy living. That's why we introduced life insurance with the John Hancock Vitality Program. It's an innovative solution that gives you the protection you need, along with premium savings up to 15% and rewards from national brands for the everyday things you do to stay healthy, like exercising, walking, and eating well. 















Already a Policyholder?


Log in and view your account.





Login
						
					






How Much Life Insurance Do You Need? 
This quick interactive tool will help you determine how much coverage is needed to help secure your financial future.






Find Out
							
						








Get a Quote Today!
With John Hancock, it's easy to get reliable term life insurance that gives you peace of mind. Get a quote online or call a Coverage Coach at 1-844-327-6850.





Get a Quote
							
						





























It’s Never Too Early to Think About the Future

                                    It might seem like your twenties is too early to start thinking about life insurance, but we disagree.
                                





5 Common Questions About Life Insurance

                                    Starting a family is one of the most exciting times in your life, but it can also feel overwhelming. You probably have questions, and that’s a good thing.
                                





Insuring a Long Life is More than a Policy

                                    Scott is at a stage of life that is full of new adventures and responsibilities, many of which bring new financial pressures for young families.
                                





Introducing Vitality Active Rewards with Apple Watch®

                                    What if you could earn Apple Watch just for being active? With John Hancock Vitality, now that’s possible. Learn More
                                













Vitality is the provider of the John Hancock Vitality Program in connection with policies issued by John Hancock. 
Premium savings are in comparison to the same John Hancock policy without the Vitality program. Annual premium savings will vary based upon policy type, the terms of the policy, and the level of the insured’s participation in the John Hancock Vitality program. 
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states. Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02210 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595. 
 


















SEC Info - Hancock John Variable Life Account Uv, et al. - ‘485BPOS’ on 1/14/05










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Hancock John Variable Life Account Uv, et al. – ‘485BPOS’ on 1/14/05On:  Friday, 1/14/05, at 2:19pm ET   ·   Effective:  1/14/05   ·   Accession #:  1193125-5-6546   ·   File #s:  333-73072, 811-07766
Previous ‘485BPOS’:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/28/04   ·   Next:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/27/05   ·   Latest:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/28/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 1/14/05  Hancock John Var Life Account Uv  485BPOS     1/14/05    3:32K                                    RR Donnelley/FA
          Hancock John Variable Life Account UvF-->Post-Effective AmendmentFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 485BPOS     John Hancock Variable Life Account Uv                 13     61K 
 2: EX-99.(27)(N)  Opinion of Counsel as to the Eligibility of         1      7K 
                          Post-Effective Amendment                               
 3: EX-99.(27)(N)(1)  Consent of Independent Auditors                  1      6K 

D-->485BPOS   —   John Hancock Variable Life Account UvDocument Table of Contents
Page (sequential) | (alphabetic) Top A-->
Alternative Formats (Word, et al.)
Exhibits
Fee Representation
Indemnification
Location of Accounts and Records
Management Services
Persons Controlled by or Under Common Control with the Depositor or the Registrant
Principal Underwriters
S-->
11st Page   -   Filing Submission
2Item 27. Exhibits
6Item 29. Persons Controlled by or Under Common Control with the Depositor or the Registrant
10Item 30. Indemnification
11Item 31. Principal Underwriters
"Item 32. Location of Accounts and Records
12Item 33. Management Services
"Item 34. Fee Representation
P-->485BPOS1st Page of 13TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
 As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14, 2005

Registration No. 333-73072

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

----------

FORM N-6
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 [ ]  
POST-EFFECTIVE AMENDMENT NO. 8 [X]  

----------

 JOHN HANCOCK VARIABLE LIFE ACCOUNT UV
 (Exact name of trust)

 JOHN HANCOCK LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
 (Name of depositor)

and/or
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940
AMENDMENT NO. 26 [X]
(Check Appropriate Box or Boxes)

 JOHN HANCOCK VARIABLE LIFE ACCOUNT UV
(Exact Name of Registrant)

 JOHN HANCOCK LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
 (Name of Depositor)

JOHN HANCOCK PLACE
 INSURANCE & SEPARATE ACCOUNTS DIV. - LAW SECTOR
 BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02117
 (Complete address of depositor's principal executive offices)

----------

RONALD J. BOCAGE, ESQ.
 JOHN HANCOCK LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
 INSURANCE & SEPARATE ACCOUNTS DIV. - LAW SECTOR
 JOHN HANCOCK PLACE, BOSTON, 02117
(Name and complete address of agent for service)

----------

Copy to:
THOMAS C. LAUERMAN, ESQ.
Foley & Lardner 3000
K Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20007

----------

It is proposed that this filing become effective (check appropriate box)        

[X] immediately upon filing pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485     
[ ] on May 1, 2004 pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485              
[ ] 60 days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 485     
[ ] on (date) pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 485                

If appropriate check the following box                                          

  [ ]  this post-effective amendment designates a new effective date for a
previously filed amendment.                                 

Pursuant to the provisions of Rule 24f-2, Registrant has registered an          
indefinite amount of the securities under the Securities Act of 1933.           

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The sole purpose of this post-effective amendment is to add two exhibits. This  
amendment does not modify or delete any other portion of or material contained  
in the registration as effective at the time of filing the amendment.           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

P-->485BPOS2nd Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
Part C: Other Information                                                       

Item 27. Exhibits                                                               

(a) John Hancock Board Resolution establishing the separate account is
incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Form S-6     
Registration Statement of File No. 33-63842, filed on March 6, 1996.            

(b) Not applicable.                                                   

   (c)(i) Form of Distribution and Servicing Agreement by and among Signator
    Investors, Inc. (previously known as "John Hancock Distributors,
          Inc."), John Hancock Life Insurance (previously known as "John Hancock
   Mutual Life Insurance Company"), and John Hancock Variable Life
   Insurance Company, incorporated by reference from Pre-Effective
      Amendment No. 2 to Form S-6 Registration Statement of John Hancock
      Variable Life Account S (File No. 333-15075) filed April 18, 1997.

(ii) Specimen Variable Contracts Selling Agreement between Signator   
         Investors, Inc. and selling broker-dealers, incorporated by reference
         from Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Form S-6 Registration Statement
      of John Hancock Variable Life Account S (File No. 333-15075) filed
April 18, 1997.                                             

 (iii) Schedule of sales commissions included in Exhibit 27(c)(i) above.

     (d)(i) Form of survivorship variable life insurance policy, incorporated by
       reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-6 Registration
         Statement to this File, File No. 33-64364, filed on October 29, 1993.

     (ii) Form of rider option to split policy, incorporated by reference to the
       initial Form S-6 Registration Statement of this this File, File No.
33-64364, filed June 11, 1993.                              

(e) Forms of application for Policy, incorporated by reference from   
Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to this File, File No. 33-64364, filed on October
29, 1993.                                                                       

     (f)(i) John Hancock's Restated Articles of Organization are incorporated by
      reference from Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration
Statement of File No. 333-76662, filed on March 7, 2001.    

 (ii) John Hancock's Articles of Amendment are incorporated by reference
     from Pre-Effective Amendment No.1 to File No. 333-91448, filed on
September 23, 2002.                                         

(iii) John Hancock's Amended And Restated By-Laws are incorporated by 
 reference from the Annual Report filed on Form 10-K, File No.
333-45862, filed March 27, 2002.                            

(g) Not applicable.                                                   

   (h)(i) Participation Agreement Among Variable Insurance Products Fund II,
     Fidelity Distributors Corporation and John Hancock Life Insurance
  Company (formerly known as "John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance
         Company"), is incorporated by reference from Post-Effective Amendment
No. 1 to File No. 333-81127, filed May 4, 2000.             

(ii) Participation Agreement Among Variable Insurance Products Fund,  
     Fidelity Distributors Corporation and John Hancock Life Insurance
  Company (formerly known as "John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance
         Company"), is incorporated by reference from Post-Effective Amendment
No. 1 to File No. 333-81127, filed May 4, 2000.             

(iii) Participation Agreement Among MFS Variable Insurance Trust, John
          Hancock Life Insurance Company (formerly known as "John Hancock Mutual
  Life Insurance Company"), and Massachusetts Financial Services
       Company, is incorporated by reference from Post-Effective Amendment
No. 1 to File No. 333-81127, filed May 4, 2000.             

 (iv) Participation Agreement By And Among AIM Variable Insurance Funds,
     Inc., AIM Distributors, Inc., John Hancock Life Insurance Company
         (formerly known as "John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company"), and
    Certain of its Affiliated Insurance Companies, each on behalf of
      itself and its Separate Accounts, and John Hancock Funds, Inc., is
         incorporated by reference from Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to File
No. 333-81127, filed May 4, 2000.                           

 1

P-->485BPOS3rd Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
(v)  Participation Agreement between Janus Aspen Series, Janus Capital
      Corp., and John Hancock Life Insurance Company, is incorporated by
       reference from File 333-425, filed on Form S-6 on November 1, 2001.

    (vi) Participation Agreement by and among the World Insurance Trust, First
        Dominion Capital Corporation, CSI Capital Management, Inc., and John
  Hancock Life Insurance Company, incorporated by reference from
  Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to File No. 333-52128, filed on
September 12, 2002.                                         

(vii) Participation Agreement among Ayco Series Trust, Mercer Allied  
         Company, L.P. and John Hancock Life Insurance Company is incorporated
         by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to File No. 333-52128,
filed on December 23, 2002.                                 

(i) Not applicable.                                                   

    (j) Power of attorney for David F. D'Alessandro, Foster L. Aborn, Wayne A.
Budd, John M. Connors, Jr., John De Ciccio, Richard B. DeWolfe, Robert E. Fast, 
Michael C. Hawley, Edward H. Linde, R. Robert Popeo, and Robert J. Tarr are     
incorporated by reference to the initial registration statement of File No.     
333-67744, filed on August 16, 2001. Power of attorney for Thomas P. Glynn,     
incorporated by reference to the initial registration statement to file No.     
333-70734, filed on October 2, 2001. Power of attorney for Robert J. Davis,     
incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to File No.         
333-84783, filed on February 13, 2003.                                          

(k) Opinion and consent of counsel as to securities being registered, 
incorporated by reference from Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to this File, File 
No. 33-64364, filed on October 29, 1993.                                        

(l) Not applicable.                                                   

(m) Not applicable.                                                   

(n) Opinion of counsel as to the eligibility of this post-effective   
amendment pursuant to Rule 485(b), filed herewith.                              

(n)(1) Consent of Independent Auditors, filed herewith                

(o) Not applicable.                                                   

(p) Not applicable.                                                   

     (q) Memorandum describing John Hancock and JHVLICO's issuance, transfer and
redemption procedures for policies pursuant to Rule 6e3(T)(b)(12)(iii), is      
incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 on Form S-6         
Registration Statement to File No. 33-76662, filed April 19, 1996.              

Item 28. Directors and Officers of the Depositor as of November, 2004.          

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

DIRECTORS                                                                            
---------                                                                            
                                                                                     
Dominic D'Alessandro  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer                
John D. DesPrez, III  Senior Executive Vice President                                
James M. Benson       Senior Executive Vice President                                
Donald A. Guloien     Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer   
Jonathan Chiel        Executive Vice President and General Counsel                   

Peter H. Rubenovitch  Senior Executive Vice President                                
Beverly S. Margolian  Senior Executive Vice President                                
Robert R. Reitano     Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Strategist

 2

P-->485BPOS4th Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 4th
                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                            
Executive Vice Presidents                                                   
Leo de Bever               Executive Vice President                         
James R. Boyle             Executive Vice President                         
Robert A. Cook             Executive Vice President                         
Simon R. Curtis            Executive Vice President                         
Marianne Harrison          Executive Vice President                         
Jeanne M. Livermore        Executive Vice President                         
Beverly S. Margolian       Executive Vice President                         
James P. O'Malley          Executive Vice President                         
Jamie Shepherdson          Executive Vice President                         
Peter A. Stuart            Executive Vice President                         
Warren Thomson             Executive Vice President                         
Michele G. Van Leer        Executive Vice President                         

Senior Vice Presidents                                                      
Alison Alden               Senior Vice President                            
Philip Armstrong           Senior Vice President                            
Robert T. Cassato          Senior Vice President                            
Peter Copestake            Senior Vice President and Treasurer              
Marc Costantini            Senior Vice President                            
Steven Finch               Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Patrick Gill               Senior Vice President and Controller             
Richard Gourley            Senior Vice President and Chief Auditor          
Robert P. Horne            Senior Vice President                            
Norman Light               Senior Vice President                            
Gregory Mack               Senior Vice President                            
Ronald J. McHugh           Senior Vice President                            
Daniel L. Ouellette        Senior Vice President                            
John Ostler                Senior Vice President                            
William H. Palmer          Senior Vice President                            
Joseph P. Paster           Senior Vice President                            
Diana L. Scott             Senior Vice President                            
Klaus O. Shigley           Senior Vice President and Corporate Actuary      
Ivor J. Thomas             Senior Vice President                            
Keith Walter               Senior Vice President                            

Vice Presidents                                                             
Emanuel Alves              Vice President, Counsel and Corporate Secretary  
June Amori                 Vice President                                   
Susan Bellingham           Vice President                                   
Ronald J. Bocage           Vice President and Counsel                       
Richard A. Boutilier       Vice President                                   
Robert Boyda               Vice President                                   
George H. Braun            Vice President                                   
William J. Briggs          Vice President                                   
James Brockelman           Vice President                                   
Brian Burnside             Vice President                                   
John Burrow                Vice President                                   
William Burrow             Vice President                                   
Tyler Carr                 Vice President                                   
Philip Clarkson            Vice President and Counsel                       

 3

P-->485BPOS5th Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 5th
Brian Collins                       Vice President                              
Wilma Davis                         Vice President                              
Brent Dennis                        Vice President                              
Jacqueline DiGiovanni               Vice President                              
Michael Dommeruth                   Vice President                              
Stephen Dunn                        Vice President and Assistant Treasurer      
Michael M. Epstein                  Vice President and Counsel                  
Carol Nicholson Fulp                Vice President                              
John Egbert                         Vice President                              
Edward Eng                          Vice President                              
Patrick Flynn                       Vice President                              
James D. Gallagher                  Vice President                              
Richard Harris                      Vice President                              
Scott S. Hartz                      Vice President                              
Kevin Hill                          Vice President                              
Roy Kapoor                          Vice President                              
Robert Kilimnik                     Vice President                              
Stephen Knoch                       Vice President                              
Robert Leach                        Vice President                              
David Libbey                        Vice President                              
David Longfritz                     Vice President                              
Katherine MacMillan                 Vice President                              
Kenneth Martinelli                  Vice President                              
Charles J. McKenney                 Vice President                              
C. Bruce Metzler                    Vice President                              
Curtis Morrison                     Vice President                              
Karen V. Morton-Grooms              Vice President and Counsel                  
Kenneth V. Nordstrom                Vice President                              
Geraldine F. Pangaro                Vice President                              
Steven Pinover                      Vice President                              
Deborah A. Poppel                   Vice President                              
James Rhodes                        Vice President                              
Mark Rizza                          Vice President                              
George Rothauser                    Vice President                              
Margo Sammons                       Vice President                              
Joseph Scott                        Vice President                              
Alan R. Seghezzi                    Vice President and Counsel                  
Gordon Shone                        Vice President                              
Neil Silverman                      Vice President                              
Jonnie Smith                        Vice President                              
Bruce R. Speca                      Vice President                              
Michael H. Studley                  Vice President and Counsel                  
Brooks E. Tingle                    Vice President                              
Dennis Turner                       Vice President                              
John G. Vrysen                      Vice President                              
Jean Wong                           Vice President                              
Randy Zipse                         Vice President                              
Wayne Zuk                           Vice President and Assistant Treasurer      

Second Vice Presidents                                                          
Loida R. Abraham                    Second Vice President                       
Richard Alguire                     Second Vice President                       
Roy V. Anderson                     Second Vice President                       
Wendy A. Benson                     Second Vice President                       
Stephen J. Blewitt                  Second Vice President                       

 4

P-->485BPOS6th Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 6th
                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                     
Louise Corcoran         Second Vice President                        
Frederic W. Corwin, Jr. Second Vice President                        
David Hayter            Second Vice President                        
Paul C. English         Second Vice President                        
Joseph A. Fournier      Second Vice President                        
E. Kendall Hines        Second Vice President                        
Cathy Hopkinson         Second Vice President and Assistant Treasurer
Jonathan Kutrubes       Second Vice President                        
Lynne E. Martel         Second Vice President                        
Janis K. McDonough      Second Vice President                        
Peter J. Mongeau        Second Vice President                        
Laura A. Moore          Second Vice President                        
Colm D. Mullarkey       Second Vice President                        
Barry S. Nectow         Second Vice President                        
Phillip J. Peters       Second Vice President                        
John W. Pluta           Second Vice President                        
S. Mark Ray             Second Vice President                        
Karl G. Reinhold        Second Vice President                        
Thomas Samoluk          Second Vice President                        
Yiji S. Starr           Second Vice President                        

Item 29. Persons Controlled by or Under Common Control with the Depositor or the
Registrant                                                                      

Registrant is a separate account of John Hancock, operated as a unit investment 
trust. Registrant supports benefits payable under John Hancock's variable life  
insurance policies by investing assets allocated to various investment options  
in shares of John Hancock Variable Series Trust I (the "Trust"), a mutual fund  
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 as an open-end management   
investment company of the "series" type.                                        

The Registrant and other separate accounts of John Hancock and its subsidiary,  
John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company, ("JHVLICO") own controlling       
interests of the Trust's outstanding shares. The purchasers of variable annuity 
contracts and variable life insurance policies, in connection with which the    
Trust is used, will have the opportunity to instruct John Hancock and JHVLICO   
with respect to the voting of the shares of the Trust held by the Registrant as 
to certain matters. Subject to the voting instructions, John Hancock directly   
controls Registrant.                                                            

The Depositor is controlled by John Hancock Financial Services, Inc. ("JHFS"). A
list of persons controlled by JHFS is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 
from the Annual Report filed on Form 10-K of File No. 1-15607, filed on March
15, 2004.                                                                       

On the effective date of this Amendment to the Registration Statement, JHFS and 
its subsidiaries are controlled by Manulife Financial Corporation ("MFS"). A    
list of other persons controlled by MFS as of December 31, 2003 appears below:  

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                          % of    Jurisdiction of
Affiliate                                                Equity    Incorporation 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 
Manulife Financial Corporation                              100   Canada         

Jupiter Merger Corporation                                  100   Delaware       

The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company                    100   Canada         

Manulife Bank of Canada                                     100   Canada         

 5

P-->485BPOS7th Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 7th
                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                           
Manulife Financial Services Inc.                      100  Canada          

Manulife Securities International Ltd.                100  Canada          

Enterprise Capital Management Inc.                     20  Ontario         

Cantay Holdings Inc.                                  100  Ontario         

FNA Financial Inc.                                    100  Canada          

Elliot & Page Limited                                 100  Ontario         

NAL Resources Limited                                 100  Alberta         

3550435 Canada Inc.                                   100  Canada          

MFC Insurance Company Limited                         100  Canada          

FCM Holdings Inc.                                     100  Philippines     

Manulife Canada Ltd.                                  100  Canada          

1293319 Ontario Inc.                                  100  Ontario         

3426505 Canada Inc.                                   100  Canada          

Canaccord Holdings Ltd.                             12.82  British Columbia

Manulife International Capital Corporation Limited    100  Ontario         

Golf Town Canada Inc.                               43.43  Canada          

Regional Power Inc.                                    80  Canada          

Addalam Power Corporation/1/                           50  Philippines     

Avotus Corp.                                        10.36  Canada          

First North American Insurance Company                100  Canada          

JLOC Holding Company                                   30  Cayman Islands  

Opportunity Finance Company                            30  Cayman Islands  

Resolute Energy Inc.                                11.62  Alberta         

Seamark Asset Management Ltd.                       35.01  Canada          

NAL Resources Management Limited                      100  Canada          

1050906 Alberta Ltd.                                  100  Alberta         

PK Liquidating Company II, LLC                         18  Delaware        

PK Liquidating Company I, LLC                       18.66  Delaware        

Micro Optics Design Corporation                     17.69  Nevada          

Innova LifeSciences Corporation                      15.6  Ontario         

2015401 Ontario Inc.                                  100  Ontario         

 6

P-->485BPOS8th Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 8th
2015500 Ontario Inc.                                        100   Ontario       

MFC Global Investment Management (U.S.A.) Limited           100   Canada        

Cavalier Cable, Inc./2/                                      78   Delaware      

2024385 Ontario Inc.                                        100   Ontario       

NALC Holdings Inc./3/                                        50   Ontario       

Manulife Holdings (Alberta) Limited                         100   Alberta       

Manulife Holdings (Delaware) LLC                            100   Delaware      

The Manufacturers Investment Corporation                    100   Michigan      

Manulife Reinsurance Limited                                100   Bermuda       

Manulife Reinsurance (Bermuda) Limited                      100   Bermuda       

The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)           100   Michigan      

ManuLife Service Corporation                                100   Colorado      

Manulife Financial Securities LLC                           100   Delaware      

Manufacturers Securities Services, LLC/4/                    60   Delaware      

The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company of New York        100   New York      

The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company of America         100   Michigan      

Aegis Analytic Corporation                                15.41   Delaware      

Manulife Property Management of Washington, D.C., Inc.      100   Wash., D.C.   

ESLS Investment Limited, LLC                                 25   Ohio          

Polymerix Corporation                                      11.4   Delaware      

Ennal, Inc.                                                 100   Delaware      

Avon Long Term Care Leaders LLC                             100   Delaware      

TissueInformatics Inc.                                    14.71   Delaware      

Ironside Venture Partners I LLC                             100   Delaware      

NewRiver Investor Communications Inc.                     11.29   Delaware      

Ironside Venture Partners II LLC                            100   Delaware      

Flex Holding, LLC                                          27.7   Delaware      

Flex Leasing I, LLC                                       99.99   Delaware      

Manulife Leasing Co., LLC                                    80   Delaware      

Dover Leasing Investments, LLC                               99   Delaware      

 7

P-->485BPOS9th Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 9th
MCC Asset Management, Inc.                                  100   Delaware      

MFC Global Fund Management (Europe) Limited                 100   England       

MFC Global Investment Management (Europe) Limited           100   England       

WT (SW) Properties Ltd.                                     100   England       

Manulife Europe Ruckversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft        100   Germany       

Manulife International Holdings Limited                     100   Bermuda       

Manulife Provident Funds Trust Company Limited              100   Hong Kong     

Manulife Asset Management (Asia) Limited                    100   Barbados      

P.T. Manulife Aset Manajemen Indonesia                       85   Indonesia     

Manulife Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited               100   Hong Kong     

Manulife (International) Limited                            100   Bermuda       

Manulife-Sinochem Life Insurance Co. Ltd.                    51   China         

The Manufacturers (Pacific Asia) Insurance Company                              
Limited                                                     100   Hong Kong     

Manulife Consultants Limited                                100   Hong Kong     

Manulife Financial Shareholdings Limited                    100   Hong Kong     

Manulife Financial Management Limited                       100   Hong Kong     

Manulife Financial Group Limited                            100   Hong Kong     

Manulife Financial Investment Limited                       100   Hong Kong     

Manulife (Vietnam) Limited                                  100   Vietnam       

The Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. (Phils.), Inc.         100   Philippines   

FCM Plans, Inc.                                             100   Philippines   

Manulife Financial Plans, Inc.                              100   Philippines   

P.T. Asuransi Jiwa Manulife Indonesia                        71   Indonesia     

P.T. Buanadaya Sarana Informatika                           100   Indonesia     

P.T. Asuransi Jiwa Arta Mandiri Prima                       100   Indonesia     

P.T. Zurich Life Insurance Company                          100   Indonesia     

P.T. ING Life Insurance Indonesia                           100   Indonesia     

Manulife (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                              100   Singapore     

Manulife Holdings (Bermuda) Limited                         100   Bermuda       

Manulife Management Services Ltd.                           100   Barbados      

Manufacturers P&C Limited                                   100   Barbados      

 8

P-->485BPOS10th Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 10th
Manufacturers Life Reinsurance Limited                      100   Barbados      

Manulife European Holdings 2003 (Alberta) Limited           100   Alberta       

Manulife European Investments (Alberta) Limited             100   Alberta       

Manulife Hungary Holdings Limited/5/                         99   Hungary       

MLI Resources Inc.                                          100   Alberta       

Manulife Life Insurance Company/6/                           35   Japan         

Manulife Century Investments (Bermuda) Limited              100   Bermuda       

Manulife Century Investments (Luxembourg) S.A.              100   Luxembourg    

Manulife Century Investments (Netherlands) B.V.             100   Netherlands   

Daihyaku Manulife Holdings (Bermuda) Limited                100   Bermuda       

Manulife Century Holdings (Netherlands) B.V.                100   Netherlands   

Kyoritsu Confirm Co., Ltd./7/                              90.9   Japan         

Manulife Premium Collection Co., Ltd./8/                     57   Japan         

Y.K. Manulife Properties Japan                              100   Japan         

Manulife Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited                       100   Hong Kong     

Manulife (Malaysia) SDN. BHD.                               100   Malaysia      

Manulife Financial Systems (Hong Kong) Limited              100   Hong Kong     

Manulife Data Services Inc.                                 100   Barbados      

1.   Inactive subsidiaries are noted in italics.                                
2.   22% of Cavalier Cable, Inc. is owned by The Manufacturers Life Insurance   
Company (U.S.A.).                                                     
3.   50% of NALC Holdings Inc. is owned by 2015500 Ontario Inc.                 
4.   40% of Manufacturers Securities Services, LLC is owned by The              
Manufacturers Life Insurance Company of New York.                     
5.   1% of Manulife Hungary Holdings Limited is owned by MLI Resources Inc.     
6.   32.6% of Manulife Life Insurance Company is owned by Manulife Century      
Investments (Netherlands) B.V. and 32.4% is owned by Manulife Century 
Holdings (Netherlands) B.V.                                           
7.   9.1% of Kyoritsu Confirm Co., Ltd. is owned by Manulife Life Insurance     
Company.                                                              
8.   33% Of Manulife Premium Collection Co., Ltd. is owned by Manulife          
Century Holdings (Netherlands) B.V. and 10% by Manulife Life Insurance
Company.                                                              

Item 30. Indemnification                                                        

     Pursuant to Article 8 of John Hancock's Bylaws and Chapter 156B, Section 67
of the Massachusetts Business Corporation Law, John Hancock indemnifies each    
director, former director, officer, and former officer, and his heirs and legal 
representatives from liability incurred or imposed in connection with any legal 
action in which he may be involved by reason of any alleged act or omission as  
an officer or a director of John Hancock.                                       

 9

P-->485BPOS11th Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 11th
   Insofar as indemnification for liability arising under the Securities Act
of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the  
registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant   
has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission  
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is,   
therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against 
such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred 
or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the   
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such       
director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being 
registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter
has been settled by controlling precedent submit to a court of appropriate      
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public  
policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of
such issue.                                                                     

Item 31. Principal Underwriters                                                 

 (a) Signator Investors, Inc. is the principal underwriter for the Fund,
John Hancock Variable Annuity Accounts, I, JF, U, V and H, John Hancock Variable
Life Accounts S, U, V, and UV.                                                  

(b) OFFICERS / DIRECTORS of SIGNATOR INVESTORS, INC. as of May 2004.  

Name                            Title                                           
----                            -----                                           
William H. Palmer               Chairman, CEO and Director                      
Wendy A. Benson                 President, COO and Director                     

Katherine P. Klingler           Vice President                                  
Peter Copestake                 Vice President and Treasurer                    
Wayne Zuk                       Vice President, Treasury and Assistant Treasurer
Cathy Hopkinson                 Assistant Vice President, Treasury and Assistant
Treasurer       
David Hayter                    Assistant Vice President, Securities Operations 
Richard A. Brown                Assistant Treasurer                             
Grant D. Ward                   Secretary/Clerk                                 
Daniel L. Ouellette             Director                                        

Francis J. Taft                 Director                                        
Ronald J. McHugh                Director                                        

----------                                                                      
All of the above-named officers and directors can be contacted at the 
following business address: Signator Investors, Inc., 197 Clarendon Street, C-8,
Boston, MA 02117.                                                               

(c)(1) Signator Investors, Inc.                                       

    The information contained in the section titled "Principal Underwriter and
Distributor" in the Statement of Additional Information, contained in this      
Registration Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference in response to Item 
31.(c)(2-5).                                                                    

Item 32. Location of Accounts and Records                                       

     The following entities prepare, maintain, and preserve the records required
by Section 31(a) of the Act for the Registrant through written agreements       
between the parties to the effect that such services will be provided to the    
Registrant for such periods prescribed by the Rules and Regulations of the      
Commission under the Act and such records will be surrendered promptly on       
request: Signator Investors, Inc., John Hancock Place, Boston, Massachusetts
02117, serves as Registrant's distributor and principal underwriter, and, in    
such capacities, keeps records regarding shareholders account records, cancelled
stock certificates. John Hancock (at the same address), in its capacity as      
Registrant's depositor, and JHVLICO (at the same address), in its capacities as 
Registrant's investment adviser, transfer agent, keep all other records required
by Section 31 (a) of the Act.                                                   

10

P-->485BPOS12th Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 12th
Item 33. Management Services                                                    

All management services contracts are discussed in Part A or Part B.  

Item 34. Fee Representation
John Hancock Life Insurance Company represents that the fees and charges
deducted under the Policies, in the aggregate, are reasonable in relation to the
services rendered, the expenses expected to be incurred, and the risks assumed  
by the insurance company.                                                       

11

P-->485BPOSLast Page of 13TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 13th
SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, and the   
Investment Company Act of 1940, the Registrant has duly caused this             
Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement to be signed on its      
behalf by the undersigned, duly authorized, in the City of Boston and           
Commonwealth of Massachusetts on the 14th day of January, 2005.                 

 On behalf of the Registrant
 John Hancock Variable Life Account UV
(Registrant)

 By: John Hancock Life Insurance Company

By: /s/James M. Benson
------------------------------------------
 James M. Benson
 President and Chief Executive Officer

 John Hancock Life Insurance Company
 (Depositor)

 By: /s/ James M. Benson
----------------------------------------
 James M. Benson
 President and Chief Executive Officer

Attest: /s/ Ronald J. Bocage                                                    
---------------------------------------------                   
Ronald J. Bocage                                                
Vice President and Counsel                                      

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this      
Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement has been signed below by 
the following persons in the capacities with John Hancock Life Insurance Company
and on the dates indicated.                                                     

/s/ STEVEN FINCH January 14, 2005             
------------------------------------------------                                
Steven Finch                                                                    
Senior Vice President and Chief                                                 
Financial Officer                                                               

/s/ PATRICK GILL January 14, 2005             
------------------------------------------------                                
Patrick Gill                                                                    
Senior Vice President and Controller                                            

/s/ PATRICK GILL January 14, 2005             
------------------------------------------------                                
Patrick Gill                                                                    
Senior Vice President and Controller                                            

/s/ JAMES M. BENSON January 14, 2005             
------------------------------------------------                                
James M. Benson                                                                 
President and Chief Executive Officer                                           
(Principal Executive Officer)                                                   
Signing for himself and as Attorney-In-Fact for:                                

Dominic D'Alessandro                                                            
John D. DesPrez,III                                                             
James M. Benson                                                                 
Jonathan Chiel                                                                  
Donald A. Guloien                                                               
Peter H. Rubenovitch                                                            
Beverly S. Margolian                                                            
Robert R. Reitano                                                               
R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On PageThis ‘485BPOS’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other FilingsFiled on / Effective on:1/14/051135/1/0413/15/04612/31/03624F-2NT,  NSAR-U2/13/03312/23/0239/23/022S-6/A9/12/023485BPOS3/27/02211/1/01310/2/013S-68/16/013S-63/7/012485APOS5/4/002485BPOS4/18/9724/19/963485BPOS3/6/962485BPOS10/29/93236/11/932 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0001193125-05-006546   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 01:25:57.0 GMT 


JHSalesNet - Home










































My Profile


Log Out


Login


Register Now!


Contact Us








































				JH SalesNet
				






Products




Product Portfolio



																Product Overview
																



																Premier Life
																



																		Premier Life
																		





																Universal Single Life
																



																		Protection UL
																		



																		Protection UL with Vitality
																		



																		Protection IUL
																		



																		Protection IUL with Vitality
																		



																		Accumulation IUL
																		



																		Accumulation IUL with Vitality
																		



																		Accumulation UL
																		



																		UL-G
																		





																Survivorship Universal Life
																



																		Protection SUL
																		



																		SUL-G
																		



																		Protection SIUL
																		



																		Protection SIUL with Vitality
																		





																Variable Single Life
																



																		Protection VUL
																		



																		Accumulation VUL
																		



																		John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust
																		



																		Accumulation VUL with Vitality
																		



																		Simplified Life
																		



																		Simplified Life with Vitality
																		



																		Protection VUL with Vitality
																		





																Variable Survivorship Life
																



																		John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust
																		



																		Accumulation SVUL
																		



																		Protection SVUL
																		





																Term
																



																		John Hancock Term
																		



																		John Hancock Term with Vitality
																		



																		SmartProtect Term with Vitality
																		





																Long-Term Care Rider
																



																		LTC Rider
																		



																		LTC Rider Training
																		






Corporate Solutions



																COLI Products
																



																COLI Overview
																



																Marketing Resources
																



																COLI Library
																



																Simplified Life
																



																Simplified Life with Vitality
																




Fund Information



																Fund Overview
																



																JHVIT Fund Performance
																



																Fund Performance By Product
																



																Prospectuses
																



																Quarterly Fund Sheets
																








John Hancock Vitality Program




John Hancock Vitality Program



																Program Overview
																



																Protection UL with Vitality
																



																John Hancock Term with Vitality
																



																Accumulation IUL with Vitality
																



																Protection IUL with Vitality
																



																Accumulation VUL with Vitality
																



																Simplified Life with Vitality
																



																SmartProtect Term with Vitality
																



																Protection SIUL with Vitality
																



																Protection VUL with Vitality
																








Advanced Markets




Advanced Markets 



																Advanced Markets Overview
																



																Advanced Markets Radio
																



																Articles
																



																Central Intelligence
																



																Library
																



																Microsites
																



																Sales Concepts
																



																Topic of the Month
																



																Contact Us
																








Sales Tools & Resources




Sales & Marketing Resources



																John Hancock Journal
																



																Illustration System Downloads
																



																Financial Strength
																



																Investment Resources
																



																Spotlight
																



																Sales Contact Information
																



																Needs Analysis Calculator
																








New Business & Underwriting




New Business


Quick Case Lookup:









																New Business Case Status
																



																New Business Forms
																



																New Business Guidelines
																



																Feedback@jhancock.com
																



																Email / Attachments
																




Field Underwriting Guide



																Underwriting Overview
																



																Best Class Guidelines
																



																Non-Medical Guidelines
																



																Age and Amount Requirements
																



																Medical Impairments
																



																Foreign Travel/Non-U.S. Resident
																




Licensing



																Licensing Guidelines
																



																Appointment Status
																



																Producer T&C Statement
																








Service and Forms




Customer Service


Policy Search:









																Policy Details
																



																Investment Changes
																



																Investment Option Demo
																



																Service Requests
																



																Life Account Access
																



																Customer Service Forms
																



																Email / Attachments
																




Claims



																Death Claim
																



																Accelerated Benefit Claim
																



																Disability Claim
																



																Claims FAQ
																




Forms



																New Business Forms
																



																Customer Service Forms
																





















































I want to...




						
							
								
									Check New Business Case Status
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Search for Policy Details
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Check Fund Performance
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Access Product Portfolio
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Download a Form
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Update Personal Information
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									View JH Financial Highlights
								
								
							
						













JH News




						
							
								
									New Accumulation IUL with Vitality
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									New Protection VUL with Vitality
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Important Compliance News
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Notices and Policies
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									A quick lesson on navigating JH SalesNet
								
								
							
						



















Help me sell John Hancock










New Journal Magazine Available

Today’s consumers have a wide variety of financial planning issues, including everything from taking care of a child with special needs, to managing the health and financial considerations of having diabetes, and ensuring there’s enough money for a long retirement. The latest Journal features life insurance’s capabilities beyond traditional death benefit coverage that can help solve a myriad of planning challenges.
 













All Products Guide

Check out the All Products Guide which provides an overview of John Hancock's complete product protfolio and a thumbnail sketch of each product's key features and benefits.

													(184KB PDF)
													
											















Life Insurance Needs Analysis Calculator

This interactive tool will help determine how much life insurance coverage clients need to secure their financial future.













JH LifeGuide 

Bookmark this handy guide to applying for and administering John Hancock life insurance policies. Also find tips to help ensure accuracy and efficiency through every step of the process.


















Top 5 Downloads




						
							
								
									JH Illustrator 13.3
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Vitality Seller's Guide (PDF)
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Simplified Life with Vitality Mailer  (PDF)
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Business Planning Kit
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Underwriting Guidelines
								
								
							
						

















						
							
								
									2018 JH Insurance Summit
								
								
							
						
 







 
Offering instant access to key policy documents for selected products. Learn more.




















 


For term policies, Apple Watch Series 2 is only available with face amounts ≥ $2,000,000. Apple Watch Series 2 can be ordered for an initial payment of $25 plus tax and over the next two years, monthly payments are based on the number of workouts completed. An iPhone 5 or later is required to use Apple Watch Series 2. The Retail Installment Agreement with the Vitality Group will need to be signed electronically at checkout. Apple is not a participant in or sponsor of this promotion. Apple Watch is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Please note: Apple Watch Series 2 program is not available in New York.
Please contact 1-800-827-4546 to obtain product and fund prospectuses (for New York, contact 1-877-391-3748, option 4). The prospectuses contains complete details on investment objectives, risks, fees, charges and expenses as well as other information about the investment company. Please read the prospectuses carefully containing this and other information on the product and the underlying portfolios and consider these factors carefully before investing.
Variable universal life insurance has annual fees and expenses associated with it in addition to life insurance related charges (which differ with the product chosen), including surrender charges and investment management fees. Variable universal life insurance products are long-term contracts and are sold by prospectus. They are subject to market risk due to the underlying sub-accounts, and are unsuitable as a short term savings vehicle. The primary purpose of variable universal life insurance is to provide lifetime protection against economic loss due to the death of the insured person. Cash values are not guaranteed if the client is invested in the investment accounts. There are risks associated with each investment option, and the policy may lose value.
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states.
Vitality is the provider of the John Hancock Vitality Program in connection with your life insurance policy.
Rewards and discounts are subject to change and are not guaranteed to remain the same for the life of the policy.
Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02210 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595 and securities are offered through John Hancock Distributors LLC through other broker/dealers that have a selling agreement with John Hancock Distributors LLC, 197 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA 02117.
MLINY072017077






















Site Map


Email


Help


Careers


Privacy Policy


Legal

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














SEC Info - Hancock John Variable Life Account Uv - ‘497’ on 5/2/06










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Hancock John Variable Life Account Uv – ‘497’ on 5/2/06On:  Tuesday, 5/2/06, at 2:21pm ET   ·   Effective:  5/2/06   ·   Accession #:  1193125-6-96503   ·   File #:  33-63900
Previous ‘497’:  ‘497’ on 5/2/06   ·   Next:  ‘497’ on 5/2/06   ·   Latest:  ‘497’ on 10/24/16



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 5/02/06  Hancock John Var Life Account Uv  497         5/02/06    1:109K                                   RR Donnelley/FA
          → Hancock John Variable Life Account Uv ⇒ JHLICO VLI – NY Annual Premium Variable LifeF-->Definitive Material   —   Rule 497Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 497         Acct Uv - Vli Ny                                      31    173K 

D-->Document Table of Contents
Page (sequential) | (alphabetic) Top A-->
Alternative Formats (Word, et al.)
Account value, The
Additional compensation and revenue sharing
Additional information about how certain policy charges work
Allocation of future premium payments
Annual dividends
Assigning your policy
Changes that we can make as to your policy
Commencement of investment performance
Corporate and H.R. 10 retirement plans
Death benefit
Deductions from account assets
Deductions from premium payments
Delay for check clearance
Delay of general account surrender proceeds
Delay of separate account proceeds
Delay to challenge coverage
Description of charges at the fund level
Description of charges at the policy level
Description of John Hancock
Description of John Hancock Variable Life Account UV
Detailed Information
Differential compensation
Distribution of policies
Diversification rules and ownership of the Account
Effects of policy loans
Fee Tables
Financial statements reference
General
General rules
Guaranteed minimum death benefit
How you communicate with us
Independent registered public accounting firm
Investment options
Investment risk
Lapse and reinstatement
Lapse risk
Life insurance purchases by non-resident aliens
Life insurance purchases by residents of Puerto Rico
Limitation on number of investment options
Limitations on payment of death benefit
Market timing risk
Method of deduction
Nature of the policy, The
Optional benefit riders
Optional benefit riders you can add
Other charges we could impose in the future
Other policy benefits, rights and limitations
Other policy distributions
Owner of the policy, The
Payment period and frequency
Policy cancellation right
Policy death benefit proceeds
Policy loans
Premium payments
Premiums
Processing premium payments
Registration statement filed with the SEC
Repayment of policy loans
Reports that you will receive
Sales expenses and related charges
Standard compensation
Summary of Benefits and Risks
Summary of policy benefits
Summary of policy risks
Surrender
Surrender of the policy
Table of Investment Options and Investment Subadvisers
Tax considerations
Tax risks
Telephone and facsimile transactions
The account value
The nature of the policy
The owner of the policy
Transfer risk
Transfers of existing cash value
Variable sum insured
Ways to pay premiums
When we pay policy proceeds
Withholding
7-Pay Premium Limit and Modified Endowment Contract Status
S-->
11st Page   -   Filing Submission
4Summary of Benefits and Risks
"The nature of the policy
"Summary of policy benefits
"Death benefit
"Surrender of the policy
"Policy loans
5Optional benefit riders
"Investment options
"Summary of policy risks
"Lapse risk
"Investment risk
"Transfer risk
"Market timing risk
6Tax risks
7Fee Tables
13Detailed Information
"Table of Investment Options and Investment Subadvisers
14Description of John Hancock
15Description of John Hancock Variable Life Account UV
"Premiums
"Premium payments
"Ways to pay premiums
16Payment period and frequency
"Processing premium payments
"Lapse and reinstatement
17Guaranteed minimum death benefit
"Variable sum insured
18Limitations on payment of death benefit
"The account value
"Annual dividends
"Commencement of investment performance
19Allocation of future premium payments
"Transfers of existing cash value
"Limitation on number of investment options
"Surrender
20Repayment of policy loans
"Effects of policy loans
21Description of charges at the policy level
"Deductions from premium payments
"Deductions from account assets
"Additional information about how certain policy charges work
"Sales expenses and related charges
22Method of deduction
"Other charges we could impose in the future
"Description of charges at the fund level
"Other policy benefits, rights and limitations
"Optional benefit riders you can add
23Changes that we can make as to your policy
"The owner of the policy
"Policy cancellation right
24Reports that you will receive
"Assigning your policy
"When we pay policy proceeds
"General
"Delay to challenge coverage
"Delay for check clearance
"Delay of separate account proceeds
"Delay of general account surrender proceeds
"How you communicate with us
"General rules
25Telephone and facsimile transactions
"Distribution of policies
26Standard compensation
"Additional compensation and revenue sharing
"Differential compensation
27Tax considerations
"Policy death benefit proceeds
"Other policy distributions
28Diversification rules and ownership of the Account
297-Pay Premium Limit and Modified Endowment Contract Status
"Corporate and H.R. 10 retirement plans
"Withholding
30Life insurance purchases by residents of Puerto Rico
"Life insurance purchases by non-resident aliens
"Financial statements reference
"Registration statement filed with the SEC
"Independent registered public accounting firm
P-->4971st Page of 31TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
Prospectus dated May 1, 2006
for interests in
Separate Account UV 

Interests are made available under

ANNUAL PREMIUM VARIABLE LIFE

a scheduled premium variable life insurance policy issued by

JOHN HANCOCK LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY ("John Hancock")

The policy provides fixed account options with fixed rates of return declared   
by John Hancock 
and the following investment accounts:

International Equity Index B                                                    
Blue Chip Growth                                                                
Real Estate Securities                                                          

Growth & Income                                                                 
Managed                                                                         

Active Bond                                                                     
Money Market B                                                                  

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

 Please note that the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") has not
approved or disapproved these securities, or determined if this prospectus is   
truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

P-->4972nd Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
GUIDE TO THIS PROSPECTUS
This prospectus is arranged in the following way:                               

o The first section is called "Summary of Benefits and Risks." It contains
 a summary of the benefits available under the policy and of the principal
risks of purchasing the policy. You should read this section before     
reading any other section of this prospectus.                           

 o Behind the Summary of Benefits and Risks section is a section called "Fee
Tables" that describes the fees and expenses you will pay when buying,  
owning and surrendering the policy.                                     

 o Behind the Fee Tables section is a section called "Detailed Information."
This section gives more details about the policy. It may repeat certain 
information contained in the Summary of Benefits and Risks section in   
order to put the more detailed information in proper context.           

o Finally, on the back cover of this prospectus is information concerning 
the Statement of Additional Information (the "SAI") and how the SAI,    
personalized illustrations and other information can be obtained.       

Prior to making any investment decisions, you should carefully review this      
product prospectus and all applicable supplements in conjunction with the       
prospectuses for the underlying funds that we make available as investment      
options under the policies. The funds' prospectuses describe the investment     
objectives, policies and restrictions of, and the risks relating to, investment 
in the funds. In the case of any of the portfolios that are operated as "feeder 
funds", the prospectus for the corresponding "master fund" is also provided. If 
you need to obtain additional copies of any of these documents, please contact  
your John Hancock representative or contact our Service Office at the address   
and telephone number on the back page of this product prospectus.               

2 

P-->4973rd Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                              Page No.
                                                             ---------

SUMMARY OF BENEFITS AND RISKS .........................        4      
The nature of the policy ..............................        4      
Summary of policy benefits ............................        4      
   Death benefit ......................................        4      
   Surrender of the policy ............................        4      
   Policy loans .......................................        4      
   Optional benefit riders ............................        5      
   Investment options .................................        5      
Summary of policy risks ...............................        5      
   Lapse risk .........................................        5      
   Investment risk ....................................        5      
   Transfer risk ......................................        5      
   Market timing risk .................................        5      
   Tax risks ..........................................        6      
FEE TABLES ............................................        7      
DETAILED INFORMATION ..................................      13       
Table of Investment Options and Investment
Subadvisers ........................................      13       
Description of John Hancock ...........................      14       
Description of John Hancock Variable Life
Account UV .........................................      15       
Premiums ..............................................      15       
   Premium payments ...................................      15       
   Ways to pay premiums ...............................      15       
   Payment period and frequency. ......................      16       
   Processing premium payments ........................      16       
Lapse and reinstatement ...............................      16       
The death benefit .....................................      17       
   Guaranteed minimum death benefit ...................      17       
   Variable sum insured ...............................      17       
   Limitations on payment of death benefit ............      18       
The account value .....................................      18       
   Annual dividends ...................................      18       
   Commencement of investment performance .............      18       
   Allocation of future premium payments ..............      19       
   Transfers of existing cash value ...................      19       
   Limitation on number of investment options .........      19       
Surrender .............................................      19       
Policy loans ..........................................      20       
   Repayment of policy loans ..........................      20       
   Effects of policy loans ............................      20       
Description of charges at the policy level ............      21       
   Deductions from premium payments ...................      21       
   Deductions from account assets .....................      21       

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                              Page No.
                                                             ---------

Additional information about how certain policy
charges work ....................................      21       
   Sales expenses and related charges .................      21       
   Method of deduction ................................      22       
   Other charges we could impose in the future ........      22       
Description of charges at the fund level ..............      22       
Other policy benefits, rights and limitations .........      22       
   Optional benefit riders you can add ................      22       
   Changes that we can make as to your policy .........      23       
   The owner of the policy ............................      23       
   Policy cancellation right ..........................      23       
   Reports that you will receive ......................      24       
   Assigning your policy ..............................      24       
   When we pay policy proceeds ........................      24       
   General ............................................      24       
   Delay to challenge coverage ........................      24       
   Delay for check clearance ..........................      24       
   Delay of separate account proceeds .................      24       
   Delay of general account surrender proceeds ........      24       
   How you communicate with us ........................      24       
   General rules ......................................      24       
   Telephone and facsimile transactions ...............      25       
Distribution of policies ..............................      25       
   Standard compensation ..............................      26       
   Additional compensation and revenue sharing ........      26       
   Differential compensation ..........................      26       
Tax considerations ....................................      27       
   General ............................................      27       
   Policy death benefit proceeds ......................      27       
   Other policy distributions .........................      27       
   Policy loans .......................................      28       
   Diversification rules and ownership of the
Account .........................................      28       
   7-pay premium limit and modified endowment
contract status .................................      29       
   Corporate and H.R. 10 retirement plans .............      29       
   Withholding ........................................      29       
   Life insurance purchases by residents of Puerto
Rico ............................................      30       
   Life insurance purchases by non-resident aliens.....      30       
Financial statements reference ........................      30       
Registration statement filed with the SEC .............      30       
Independent registered public accounting firm .........      30       

3 

P-->4974th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 4th
SUMMARY OF BENEFITS AND RISKS 

The nature of the policy                                                        

 This prospectus describes three types of policies being offered by John
Hancock: a Variable Whole Life Policy, a Variable Whole Life P 50 Policy and a  
Variable Whole Life 100 Policy. The policies described in this prospectus are   
available only in New York. The minimum death benefit that may be bought is     
$25,000 for the Whole Life Policy, $50,000 for the Whole Life P 50 Policy and   
$100,000 for the Whole Life 100 Policy. For the Whole Life Policy and the Whole 
Life P 50 Policy, all persons insured must meet certain health and other        
criteria called "underwriting standards." All persons insured under the Whole   
Life 100 Policy must meet "preferred risk" and non-smoking underwriting         
standards. All policies may be issued on insured persons between ages of 0 and  
75. Discounts are available to insured persons meeting non-smoking underwriting 
criteria.                                                                       

The policy's primary purpose is to provide lifetime protection against
economic loss due to the death of the insured person. The policy is unsuitable  
as a short-term savings vehicle because of the substantial policy-level         
charges. We are obligated to pay all amounts promised under the policy. The     
value of the amount you have invested under the policy may increase or decrease 
daily based upon the investment results of the variable investment options that 
you choose. The amount we pay to the policy's beneficiary insured person (we    
call this the "death benefit") may be similarly affected. That's why the policy 
is referred to as a "variable" life insurance policy. We call the investments   
you make in the policy "premiums" or "premium payments."

Summary of policy benefits

Death benefit                                                                   

In your application for the policy, you will tell us how much life    
insurance coverage you want on the life of the insured person. This is called   
the "Sum Insured."                                                              

When the insured person dies, we will pay the death benefit minus any 
indebtedness. The death benefit will be an amount equal to the greater of the   
guaranteed minimum death benefit and the Variable Sum Insured on the date of    
death of the insured person. The Variable Sum Insured is an amount equal to the 
Initial Sum Insured at issue and thereafter varies, as discussed under          
"Variable Sum Insured".                                                         

Surrender of the policy                                                         

  You may surrender the policy in full at any time. If you do, we will pay
you the account value of the policy less any outstanding policy plus any        
dividends and interest unpaid or unapplied, and the cash value of any insurance 
purchased under any dividend option with an adjustment to reflect the           
difference between the gross premium and the net premium for the period beyond  
the date of surrender, less any indebtedness. This is called your "surrender    
value." You must return your policy when you request a surrender.               

If you have not taken a loan on your policy, the "cash value" of your 
policy (assuming you take all dividend payments in cash) will, on any given     
date, be equal to:                                                              

o the amount you invested,                                            

    o plus or minus the investment experience of the investment options you've
chosen, and                                                               

o minus all charges we deduct.                                        

If you take a loan on your policy, your cash value will be computed   
somewhat differently. This is discussed under "Policy Loans."

Policy loans                                                                    

    You may borrow from your policy at any time after the first policy year by
completing the appropriate form. The minimum amount of each loan is $100. The   
maximum amount you can borrow is determined by a formula. Interest is charged   
on each loan. You can pay the interest or allow it to become part of the        
outstanding loan balance. You can repay all or part of a loan at any time. If   
there is an outstanding loan when the insured person dies, it will be deducted  
from the death benefit. Policy loans permanently affect the calculation of your 
cash value, and may also result in adverse tax consequences.                    

4 

P-->4975th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 5th
Optional benefit riders                                                         

    When you apply for the policy, you can request any of the optional benefit
riders that we make available. There are a number of such riders. Charges for   
most riders will be deducted monthly from the policy's account value.           

Investment options                                                              

  The policy offers a number of investment options, as listed on the cover
of this prospectus. They cover a broad spectrum of investment styles and        
strategies. Although the funds of the Series Funds that underlie those          
investment options operate like publicly traded mutual funds, there are         
important differences between your investment options and publicly-traded       
mutual funds. On the plus side, you can transfer money from one investment      
option to another without tax liability. Moreover, any dividends and capital    
gains distributed by each underlying fund are automatically reinvested and      
reflected in the fund's value and create no taxable event for you. On the       
negative side, if and when policy earnings are distributed (generally as a      
result of a surrender or partial withdrawal), they will be treated as ordinary  
income instead of as capital gains. Also, you must keep in mind that you are    
purchasing an insurance policy and you will be assessed charges at the policy   
level as well as at the fund level. Such policy level charges are significant   
and will reduce the investment performance of your investment options.          

Summary of policy risks

Lapse risk                                                                      

    If you don't pay a premium when due, you will have a 31 day "grace period"
to make that payment. If you don't pay the premium by the end of the grace      
period, your policy will terminate (i.e., lapse). All coverage under the policy 
will then cease. Even if the policy terminates in this way, you can still       
reactivate (i.e., "reinstate") it within 3 years from the beginning of the      
grace period, unless the surrender value has been paid or otherwise exhausted,  
or the period of any extended term coverage (discussed below) has expired. To   
reinstate the policy, you must make the required premium payments and           
satisfying certain other conditions.                                            

    Since withdrawals reduce your account value, withdrawals increase the risk
of lapse. Loans also increase the risk of lapse.                                

Investment risk                                                                 

   As mentioned above, the investment performance of any variable investment
option may be good or bad. Your account value will rise or fall based on the    
investment performance of the variable investment options you've chosen. Some   
variable investment options are riskier than others. These risks (and potential 
rewards) are discussed in detail in the attached prospectuses of the Series     
Funds.                                                                          

Transfer risk                                                                   

  There is a risk that you will not be able to transfer your account value
from one investment option to another because of limitations on the frequency   
of transfers you can make. The limitations on transfers out of the fixed        
account are more restrictive than those that apply to transfers out of          
investment accounts.                                                            

Market timing risk                                                              

  Variable investment options in variable life insurance products can be a
prime target for abusive transfer activity because these products value their   
variable investment options on a daily basis and allow transfers among variable 
investment options without immediate tax consequences. As a result, some        
investors may seek to frequently transfer into and out of variable investment   
options in reaction to market news or to exploit a perceived pricing            
inefficiency. Whatever the reason, long-term investors in a variable investment 
option can be harmed by frequent transfer activity since such activity may      
expose the investment option's underlying fund to increased portfolio           
transaction costs and/or disrupt the fund manager's ability to effectively      
manage the fund's investment portfolio in accordance with the fund's investment 
objectives and policies, both of which may result in dilution with respect to   
interests held for long-term investment.                                        

    To discourage disruptive frequent trading activity, we impose restrictions
on transfers (see "Transfers of existing account value") and reserve the right  
to change, suspend or terminate telephone and facsimile transaction privileges  
(see "How you communicate with us"). In addition, we reserve the right to take  
other actions at any time to restrict trading, including, but not limited to:   
(i) restricting the number of transfers made during a defined period, (ii)      
restricting the dollar amount of transfers,                                     

5 

P-->4976th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 6th
and (iii) restricting transfers into and out of certain investment accounts. We 
also reserve the right to defer a transfer at any time we are unable to         
purchase or redeem shares of the underlying fund.                               

While we seek to identify and prevent disruptive frequent trading     
activity, it may not always be possible to do so. Therefore, no assurance can   
be given that the restrictions we impose will be successful in preventing all   
disruptive frequent trading and avoiding harm to long-term investors.           

Tax risks                                                                       

 In order for you to receive the tax benefits extended to life insurance
under the Internal Revenue Code, your policy must comply with certain           
requirements of the Code. We will monitor your policy for compliance with these 
requirements, but a policy might fail to qualify as life insurance in spite of  
our monitoring. If this were to occur, you would be subject to income tax on    
the income credited to your policy for the period of disqualification and all   
subsequent periods. The tax laws also contain a so-called "7 pay limit" that    
limits the amount of premium that can be paid in relation to the policy's death 
benefit. If the limit is violated, the policy will be treated as a "modified    
endowment contract", which can have adverse tax consequences. There are also    
certain Treasury Department rules referred to as the "investor control rules"   
that determine whether you would be treated as the "owner" of the assets        
underlying your policy. If that were determined to be the case, you would be    
taxed on any income or gains those assets generate. In other words, you would   
lose the value of the so-called "inside build-up" that is a major benefit of    
life insurance.                                                                 

    There is also a tax risk associated with policy loans. Although no part of
a loan is treated as income to you when the loan is made, surrender or lapse of 
the policy would result in the loan being treated as a distribution at the time 
of lapse or surrender. This could result in a considerable tax bill. Under      
certain circumstances involving large amounts of outstanding loans and an       
insured person of advanced age, you might find yourself having to choose        
between high premium requirements to keep your policy from lapsing and a        
significant tax burden if you allow the lapse to occur.                         

    Tax consequences of ownership or receipt of policy proceeds under federal,
state and local estate, inheritance, gift and other tax laws can vary greatly   
depending upon the circumstances of each owner or beneficiary. There can also   
be unfavorable tax consequences on such things as the change of policy          
ownership or assignment of ownership interests. For these and all the other     
reasons mentioned above, we recommend you consult with a qualified tax adviser  
before buying the policy and before exercising certain rights under the policy. 

6 

P-->4977th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 7th
FEE TABLES
This section contains five tables that describe all of the fees and   
expenses that you will pay when buying, owning and surrendering the policy. In  
the first three tables, only one entry shows the minimum charge, the maximum    
charge and the charge for a representative insured person. Other entries show   
only the maximum charge we can assess and are labeled as such. The remaining    
entries are always calculated in the same way, so we cannot assess a charge     
that is greater than the charge shown in the table. Except where necessary to   
show a rate greater than zero, all rates shown in the tables have been rounded  
to two decimal places as required by prospectus disclosure rules. Consequently, 
the actual rates charged may be slightly higher or lower than those shown.      

    The first table below describes the fees and expenses that you will pay at
the time that you pay a premium.                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                    Transaction Fees                                    
                Charge                                  When Charge is Deducted         
                                                                                        
Premium sales charge                        Upon payment of premium                     
Premium tax charge                          Upon payment of premium                     
Maximum adjustments for premium             Upon payment of premium                     
payment frequency                                                                       
Annual administrative charge                Upon payment of premium once in each        
                                            policy year                                 
Maximum charge for extra insurance          Upon payment of premium                     
risk                                                                                    
Additional first year administrative        Upon payment of premium in first policy year
charge                                                                                  
Maximum risk charge(1)                      Upon payment of premium                     
Maximum deduction for dividends(2)          Upon payment of premium                     


                Charge                                   Amount Deducted                
                                                                                        
Premium sales charge                        9% of the basic annual premium              
Premium tax charge                          2.5% of each premium paid                   
Maximum adjustments for premium             For monthly premiums, 0.0027 times          
payment frequency                           annual premium                              
                                            For quarterly premiums, 0.0100 times        
                                            annual premium                              
                                            For semi-annual premiums, 0.0015            
                                            times annual premium                        
Annual administrative charge                $50                                         
Maximum charge for extra insurance          $79.91 per $1,000 of Initial Sum            
risk                                        Insured                                     
Additional first year administrative        $13 per $1,000 of Initial Sum Insured       
charge                                      for Variable Whole Life Policy              
                                            $7 per $1,000 of Initial Sum Insured for    
                                            Variable Whole Life P50 Policy              
                                            $4 per $1,000 of Initial Sum Insured for    
                                            Variable Whole Life 100 Policy              
Maximum risk charge(1)                      $4.82 per $1,000 of Initial Sum Insured     
Maximum deduction for dividends(2)          $27.02 per $1,000 of Initial Sum            
                                            Insured                                     

(1) The risk charge varies by the issue age of the insured person. The charge   
shown is for a policy issued to cover a 75 year old. This charge is     
imbedded in the base premium.                                           

(2) This charge varies by the issue age of the insured person and the length of 
time the policy has been in effect. The charge shown is for a policy    
issued to cover a 75 year old that is in its eighth policy year. This   
charge is imbedded in the base premium.                                 

7 

P-->4978th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 8th
The next two tables describe the fees and expenses that you will pay  
periodically during the time you own the policy. These tables do not include    
fees and expenses paid at the fund level. Except for the policy loan interest   
rate, the charges shown in the first table are deducted from your policy        
assets. The second table is devoted only to optional rider benefits. The        
charges shown in the rider table are, in fact, premiums that must be paid with  
premiums for the base policy.                                                   

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                              Periodic Charges Other Than Fund Operating Expenses                                   
                                    When Charge is                               Amount Deducted                    
            Charge                     Deducted                   Guaranteed Rate                  Current Rate     
                                                                                                                    
Insurance charge:(1)                                                                                                
 Minimum charge                Monthly                      $0.06 per $1,000 of AAR         $0.06 per $1,000 of AAR 
 Maximum charge                Monthly                      $83.33 per $1,000 of AAR        $83.33 per $1,000 of AAR
 Charge for representative     Monthly                      $0.40 per $1,000 of AAR         $0.40 per $1,000 of AAR 
 insured person                                                                                                     
M&E charge(2)                  Daily                        .00137% of assets               .00137% of assets       
Maximum policy loan interest   Accrues daily Payable        8.0%                            8.0%                    
rate(3)                        annually                                                                             

(1) The insurance charge is determined by multiplying the amount of insurance   
for which we are at risk (the amount at risk or "AAR") by the applicable
  cost of insurance rate. The rates vary widely depending upon the length of
 time the policy has been in effect, the insurance risk characteristics of
the insured person and (generally) the gender of the insured person. The
  "minimum" rate shown in the table is the rate in the first policy year for
a policy issued to cover a 10 year old female preferred non-tobacco     
underwriting risk. The "maximum" rate shown in the table is the rate in 
the first policy year for a policy issued to cover a 99 year old male   
 substandard tobacco underwriting risk. This includes the so-called "extra
 mortality charge." The "representative insured person" referred to in the
table is a 45 year old male preferred non-tobacco underwriting risk. The
charges shown in the table may not be particularly relevant to your     
current situation. For more information about cost of insurance rates,  
talk to your John Hancock representative.                               

(2) The effective annual rate equivalents of the actual unrounded daily rates   
charged are .50% and .50%, respectively.                                        

(3) 8.0% is the effective annual interest rate charged in states where the      
fixed loan interest rate is applicable. In all other states, the loan   
interest rate is variable and will not be less than 5.50%. The amount of
any loan is transferred from the investment options to a special loan   
 account which earns interest at an effective annual rate that is not more
 than 2.0% less than the loan interest rate then being charged. Therefore,
the true cost of a loan is the difference between the loan interest we  
charge and the interest we credit to the special loan account.          

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                       Rider Charges(1)                                                             
                                           When Charge is                                           
                 Charge                         Paid                                                
                                                                                                    
Disability Benefit - Waiver of Premiums  Paid with, and                                             
Rider                                    in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               
Fixed Accidental Death Benefit Rider     Paid with, and                                             
                                         in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               
Children's Insurance Benefit Rider       Paid with, and                                             
                                         in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               
Applicant's Waiver of Premiums Benefit   Paid with, and                                             
                                         in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               
Indeterminate Premium YRT Rider on       Paid with, and                                             
Insured and/or Spouse                    in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               
Initial Term Insurance Rider             Paid with, and                                             
                                         in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               


                 Charge                                 Maximum Amount of Annual Charge             
                                                                                                    
Disability Benefit - Waiver of Premiums  $2.29 per $1,000 Initial Sum Insured                       
Rider                                                                                               
Fixed Accidental Death Benefit Rider     $1.14 per $1,000 of ADB coverage                           
Children's Insurance Benefit Rider       $6.00 per $1,000 of Rider coverage, regardless of number of
                                         children                                                   
Applicant's Waiver of Premiums Benefit   $2.63 per $1,000 of premiums waived                        
Indeterminate Premium YRT Rider on       $97.76 per $1,000 of YRT coverage                          
Insured and/or Spouse                                                                               
Initial Term Insurance Rider             $5.89 per $1,000 of Initial Term Amount                    

(1) "Charges" for each of the riders shown above are, in fact, premiums to be   
paid in addition to premiums on the base policy. They are not deductions
  from policy values. Each charge shown is the maximum that can be assessed.

8 

P-->4979th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 9th
  The next table describes the minimum and maximumportfolio level fees and
expenses charged by any of the portfolios underlying a variable investment      
option offered through this prospectus, expressed as a percentage of average    
net assets (rounded to two decimal places). These expenses are deducted from    
portfolio assets.                                                               

                                                                [Download Table]

           Total Annual Portfolio Operating Expenses              Minimum   Maximum
                                                                                   
Range of expenses, including management fees, distribution and/                    
                                                                 0.53%     0.88%   
or service (12b-1) fees, and other expenses                                        

    The next table describes the fees and expenses for each class of shares of
each portfolio underlying a variable investment option offered through this     
prospectus. None of the portfolios charge a sales load or surrender fee.The     
fees and expenses do not reflect the fees and expenses of any variable          
insurance contract or qualified plan which may use theportfolio as its          
underlying investment medium. All of the portfolios shown in the table are NAV  
class shares that are not subject to Rule 12b-1 fees. The expense ratios shown  
in the table for the NAV class shares of a portfolio are estimates for the      
current fiscal year. In those cases where a portfolio had a Series I class of   
shares in operation during 2005, the NAV class estimates are based upon the     
expense ratios of the portfolio's Series I shares for the year ended            
December 31, 2005 (adjusted to reflect the absence of a Rule 12b-1 fee          
applicable to the NAV shares).                                                  

Portfolio Annual Expenses                                             
(as a percentage of portfolio average net assets, rounded to two decimal        
places)                                                                         

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                               Management    12b-1      Other          Total     
Portfolio                                         Fees        Fees    Expenses    Annual Expenses
--------------------------------------------  ------------  -------  ----------  ----------------
                                                                                                 
 International Equity Index BB/D/I .........  0.55%         N/A      0.04%       0.59%           

9 

P-->49710th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 10th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                         Management   12b-1      Other          Total     
Portfolio                                                   Fees       Fees    Expenses    Annual Expenses
------------------------------------------------------  -----------  -------  ----------  ----------------
                                                                                                          
 Blue Chip Growth ....................................  0.81%A       N/A      0.07%       0.88%           
 Real Estate Securities ..............................  0.70%        N/A      0.06%       0.76%           
 Growth & IncomeB ....................................  0.68%        N/A      0.08%       0.76%           
 ManagedB ............................................  0.69%        N/A      0.06%       0.75%           
 Active BondB ........................................  0.60%        N/A      0.07%       0.67%           
 Money Market BB/D/I..................................  0.49%        N/A      0.04%       0.53%           

10

P-->49711th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 11th
AThe Adviser has voluntarily agreed to waive a portion of its advisory fee for  
the Blue Chip Growth portfolio. This waiver is based on the combined average    
daily net assets of this portfolio and the following fund of John Hancock Funds 
II: Blue Chip Growth Fund the "T. Rowe Portfolios".                             

The percentage fee reduction is as follows:                                     

                                                                [Download Table]

Combined Average Daily Net                            Fee Reduction             
Assets of the T. Rowe Portfolios         (as a percentage of the Management Fee)
----------------------------------      ----------------------------------------
                                                                                
  First $750 million..............                        0.00%                 
  Over $750 million...............                         5.0%                 

Effective November 1, 2006, the percentage reduction will be as follows:        

                                                                [Download Table]

Combined Average Daily Net                           Fee Reduction             
Assets of the T. Rowe Portfolios        (as a percentage of the Management Fee)
-------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
                                                                               
  First $750 million.................                    0.00%                 
  Next $750 million..................                     5.0%                 
  Excess over $1.5 billion...........                     7.5%                 

This voluntary fee waiver may be terminated at any time by the Adviser.         

BCommenced operations April 29, 2005.                                           

DBased on estimates for the current fiscal year.                                

11

P-->49712th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 12th
IThe adviser for this fund has agreed, pursuant to its agreement with the John  
Hancock Trust, to waive its management fee (or, if necessary, reimburse         
expenses of the fund) to the extent necessary to limit the fund`s "Annual       
Operating Expenses". A fund's "Annual Operating Expenses" includes all of its   
operating expenses including advisory fees and Rule 12b-1 fees, but excludes    
taxes, brokerage commissions, interest, litigation and indemnification expenses 
and extraordinary expenses of the fund not incurred in the ordinary course of   
the fund`s business. Under the agreement, the adviser's obligation will remain  
in effect until May 1, 2007 and will terminate after that date only if the John 
Hancock Trust, without the prior written consent of the adviser, sells shares   
of the fund to (or has shares of the fund held by) any person other than the    
variable life insurance or variable annuity insurance separate accounts of John 
Hancock Life Insurance Company or any of its affiliates that are specified in   
the agreement. If this fee waiver had been reflected, the management fee shown  
for the, International Equity Index Trust B and Money Market Trust B would      
be 0.22% and 0.22%, respectively, and the Total Fund Annual Expenses shown would
be 0.25% and 0.25%, respectively.                                               

12

P-->49713th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 13th
DETAILED INFORMATION
 This section of the prospectus provides additional detailed information
that is not contained in the Summary of Benefits and Risks section.             

Table of Investment Options and Investment Subadvisers                          

    When you select a Separate Account investment option, we invest your money
in shares of a corresponding portfolio of the John Hancock Trust (the "Trust")  
and hold the shares in a sub-account of the Separate Account. The Fee Tables    
show the investment management fees, Rule 12b-1 fees and other operating        
expenses for these portfolio shares as a percentage (rounded to two decimal     
places) of each portfolio's average net assets for 2005, except as indicated in 
the footnotes appearing at the end of the table. Fees and expenses of the       
portfolios are not fixed or specified under the terms of the policies and may   
vary from year to year. These fees and expenses differ for each portfolio and   
reduce the investment return of each portfolio. Therefore, they also indirectly 
reduce the return you will earn on any Separate Account investment options you  
select.                                                                         

   The John Hancock Trust is a so-called "series" type mutual funds and each
is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 ("1940 Act") as an       
open-end management investment company. John Hancock Investment Management      
Services, LLC ("JHIMS LLC") provides investment advisory services to the Trust  
and receives investment management fees for doing so. JHIMS pays a portion of   
its investment management fees to other firms that manage the Trust's           
portfolios. We and our affiliate own JHIMS LLC and indirectly benefit from any  
investment management fees JHIMS LLC retains.                                   

  The portfolios pay us or certain of our affiliates compensation for some
of the distribution, administrative, shareholder support, marketing and other   
services we or our affiliates provide to the portfolios. The amount of this     
compensation is based on a percentage of the assets of the portfolios           
attributable to the variable insurance products that we and our affiliates      
issue. These percentages may differ from portfolio to portfolio and among       
classes of shares within a portfolio. In some cases, the compensation is        
derived from the Rule 12b-1 fees that are deducted from a portfolio's assets    
for the services we or our affiliates provide to that portfolio. In addition,   
compensation payments of up to 0.45% of assets may be made by a portfolio's     
investment advisers or its affiliates.                                          

   The following table provides a general description of the portfolios that
underlie the variable investment options we make available under the policy.    
You bear the investment risk of any portfolio you choose as an investment       
option for your policy. You can find a full description of each portfolio,      
including the investment objectives, policies and restrictions of, and the      
risks relating to investment in the portfolio in the prospectus for that        
portfolio. You should read the portfolio's prospectus carefully before          
investing in the corresponding variable investment option.                      

The investment options in the Separate Account are not publicly traded
mutual funds. The investment options are only available to you as investment    
options in the policies, or in some cases through other variable annuity        
contracts or variable life insurance policies issued by us or by other life     
insurance companies. In some cases, the investment options also may be          
available through participation in certain qualified pension or retirement      
plans. The portfolios' investment advisers and managers (i.e. subadvisers) may  
manage publicly traded mutual funds with similar names and investment           
objectives. However, the portfolios are not directly related to any publicly    
traded mutual fund. You should not compare the performance of any investment    
option described in this prospectus with the performance of a publicly traded   
mutual fund. The performance of any publicly traded mutual fund could differ    
substantially from that of any of the investment options of our Separate        
Account.                                                                        

The portfolios available under the policies are as follows:           

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

 Portfolio                        Portfolio Manager                                             
===============================  =============================                                  
                                                                                                
 International Equity Index B    SSgA Funds Management, Inc.                                    


 Portfolio                        Investment Description                                        
===============================  ===============================================================
                                                                                                
 International Equity Index B    Seeks to track the performance of broad-based equity           
                                 indices of foreign companies in developed and emerging         
                                 markets by attempting to track the performance of the          
                                 MSCI All Country World ex-US Index*. (Series I shares          
                                 are available for sale to contracts purchased prior to May
13, 2002; Series II shares are available for sale to contracts 
                                 purchased on or after May 13, 2002).                           

13

P-->49714th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 14th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

 Portfolio                   Portfolio Manager                                            
==========================  ==================================                            
                                                                                          
 Blue Chip Growth           T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.                                
 Real Estate Securities     Deutsche Asset Management, Inc.                               
 Growth & Income            Independence Investment LLC                                   
 Managed                     Independence Investmetn LLC                                  
                            Capital Guardian Trust Company                                
                            Declaration Management &                                      
                            Research LLC                                                  
 Active Bond                Declaration Management &                                      
                            Research LLC                                                  
                            Sovereign Asset Management, LLC,                              
                            LLC                                                           
 Money Market B              MFC Global Investment                                        
                            Management (U.S.A.) Limited                                   


 Portfolio                   Investment Description                                       
==========================  ==============================================================
                                                                                          
 Blue Chip Growth           Seeks to achieve long-term growth of capital (current         
                            income is a secondary objective) by investing, under          
                            normal market conditions, at least 80% of the portfolio's     
                            total assets in the common stocks of large and medium-        
                            sized blue chip growth companies. Many of the stocks in       
                            the portfolio are expected to pay dividends.                  
Real Estate Securities       Seeks to achieve a combination of long-term capital          
                            appreciation and current income by investing under normal     
                            market conditions, at least 80% of its net assets (plus any   
                            borrowings for investment purposes) in equity securities of   
                            real estate investment trusts ("REITS") and real estate       
                            companies.                                                    
 Growth & Income            Seeks income and long-term capital appreciation by            
                            investing, under normal market conditions, primarily in a     
                            diversified mix of common stocks of large U.S. companies.     
 Managed                     Seeks the balanced accomplishment of (a) conservation of     
                            principal and (b) long-term growth of capital and income      
                            by investing the portfolio's assets in both equity and fixed- 
                            income securities. The subadviser has full discretion to      
                            determine the allocation between equity and fixed income      
                            securities.                                                   
 Active Bond                Seeks income and capital appreciation by investing at least   
                            80% of its assets in a diversified mix of debt securities and 
                            instruments.                                                  
 Money Market B              Seeks maximum current income consistent with                 
                            preservation of principal and liquidity by investing in high  
                            quality money market instruments with maturities of 397       
                            days or less issued primarily by U. S. entities.              

* "Russell 2000 (Reg. TM)" is a trademark of Frank Russell Company. "MSCI All   
Country World ex US Index" is a trademark of Morgan Stanley & Co. None of the   
portfolios are sponsored, endorsed, managed, advised, sold or promoted by any   
of these companies, and none of these companies make any representation         
regarding the advisability of investing in the portfolios.                      

The indexes referred to in the portfolio descriptions track companies 
having the ranges of market capitalization, as of December 31, 2005, set out    
below:                                                                          

Russell 2000 Index - $105 million to $4.4 billion                     
MSCI All Country World ex US Index - $419 million to $219.5 billion   

Description of John Hancock                                                     

We are John Hancock Life Insurance Company, a Massachusetts stock life
insurance company. On February 1, 2000, John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance      
Company (which was chartered in Massachusetts in 1862) converted to a stock     
company by "demutualizing" and changed its name to John Hancock Life Insurance  
Company. As part of the demutualization process, John Hancock Life Insurance    
Company became a subsidiary of John Hancock Financial Services, Inc., a newly   
formed publicly-traded corporation. In April 2004, John Hancock Financial       
Services, Inc. was merged with a subsidiary of Manulife Financial Corporation,  
a publicly-traded corporation organized under the laws of Canada. The merger    
was effected pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September
28, 2003. As a consequence of the merger, John Hancock's ultimate parent is now 
Manulife Financial Corporation. Our Home Office is at John Hancock Place,       
Boston, Massachusetts 02117. We are authorized to transact a life insurance and 
annuity business in all states and in the District of Columbia. As of December
31, 2005, our assets were approximately $99.3 billion.                          

We are regulated and supervised by the Massachusetts Commissioner of  
Insurance, who periodically examines our affairs. We also are subject to the    
applicable insurance laws and regulations of all jurisdictions in which we are  
authorized to do business. We are required to submit annual statements of our   
operations, including financial statements, to the insurance                    

14

P-->49715th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 15th
departments of the various jurisdictions in which we do business for purposes   
of determining solvency and compliance with local insurance laws and            
regulations. The regulation to which we are subject, however, does not provide  
a guarantee as to such matters.                                                 

  We have received the following ratings from independent rating agencies:

A++ A.M.                                                              
Best Superior companies have a very strong ability to meet their      
obligations; 1st category of 16                                         

AA+ Fitch Ratings                                                     
 Very strong capacity to meet policyholder and contract obligations; 2nd
category of 24                                                          

AA+ Standard & Poor's                                                 
Very strong financial security characteristics; 2nd category of 21    

Aa2 Moody's                                                           
Excellent in financial strength; 3rd category of 21                   

    These ratings, which are current as of the date of this prospectus and are
subject to change, are assigned as a measure of our ability to honor any        
guarantees provided by the policy and any applicable optional riders, but do    
not specifically relate to its products, the performance (return) of these      
products, the value of any investment in these products upon withdrawal or to   
individual securities held in any portfolio. These ratings do not apply to the  
safety and performance of the Separate Account.                                 

Description of John Hancock Variable Life Account UV                            

    The variable investment options shown on page 1 are in fact subaccounts of
John Hancock Variable Life Account UV (the "Account"), a separate account       
established by us under Massachusetts law. The Account meets the definition of  
"separate account" under the federal securities laws and is registered as a     
unit investment trust under the 1940 Act. Such registration does not involve    
supervision by the SEC of the management of the Account or of us.               

  The Account's assets are our property. Each policy provides that amounts
we hold in the Account pursuant to the policies cannot be reached by any other  
persons who may have claims against us and can't be used to pay any             
indebtedness of John Hancock other than those arising out of policies that use  
the Account. Income, gains and losses credited to, or charged against, the      
Account reflect the Account's own investment experience and not the investment  
experience of John Hancock's other assets.                                      

    New subaccounts may be added and made available to policy owners from time
to time. Existing subaccounts may be modified or deleted at any time.           

Premiums

Premium payments                                                                

We call the investments you make in the policy "premiums" or "premium 
payments."

Ways to pay premiums                                                            

   If you pay premiums by check or money order, they must be drawn on a U.S.
bank in U.S. dollars and made payable to "John Hancock Life ." We will not      
accept credit card checks. We will not accept starter or third party checks if  
they fail to satisfy our administrative requirements. Premiums after the first  
must be sent to the John Hancock Servicing Office at the appropriate address    
shown on the back cover of this prospectus.                                     

We will also accept premiums:                                         

o by wire or by exchange from another insurance company,              

o via an electronic funds transfer program (any owner interested in making
monthly premium payments must use this method), or                      

  o if we agree to it, through a salary deduction plan with your employer.

 You can obtain information on these other methods of premium payment by
contacting your John Hancock representative or by contacting the John Hancock   
Servicing Office.                                                               

15

P-->49716th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 16th
Payment period and frequency.                                                   

    Premiums are payable annually or more frequently over the insured person's
lifetime in accordance with our published rules and rates. Premiums are payable 
on or before the due date specified in the policy. A refund or charge will be   
made to effect premium payment to the end of the policy month in which the      
insured person dies.                                                            

Processing premium payments                                                     

 We will process any premium payment as of the day we receive it, unless
one of the following exceptions applies:                                        

  (1) We will process a payment received prior to a policy's date of issue
as if received on the business day immediately preceding the date of issue.     

 (2) If the Minimum Initial Premium is not received prior to the date of
issue, we will process each premium payment received thereafter as if received  
on the business day immediately preceding the date of issue until all of the    
Minimum Initial Premium is received.                                            

(3) We will process the portion of any premium payment for which we   
require evidence of the insured person's continued insurability only after we   
have received such evidence and found it satisfactory to us.                    

    (4) If we receive any premium payment that we think will cause a policy to
become a modified endowment contract or will cause a policy to lose its status  
as life insurance under the tax laws, we will not accept the excess portion of  
that premium payment and will immediately notify the owner. We will refund the  
excess premium when the premium payment check has had time to clear the banking 
system (but in no case more than two weeks after receipt), except in the        
following circumstances:                                                        

 o The tax problem resolves itself prior to the date the refund is to be
made; or                                                                

o The tax problem relates to modified endowment contract status and we    
receive a signed acknowledgment from the owner prior to the refund date 
instructing us to process the premium notwithstanding the tax issues    
involved.                                                               

In the above cases, we will treat the excess premium as having been received on 
the date the tax problem resolves itself or the date we receive the signed      
acknowledgment. We will then process it accordingly.                            

(5) If a premium payment is received or is otherwise scheduled to be  
processed (as specified above) on a date that is not a business day, the        
premium payment will be processed on the business day next following that date. 

Lapse and reinstatement                                                         

    If you don't pay a premium when due, you will have a 31 day "grace period"
to make that payment. If you don't pay the premium by the end of the grace      
period, your policy will terminate (i.e., lapse). All coverage under the policy 
will then cease. Even if the policy terminates in this way, you can still       
reactivate (i.e., "reinstate") it within 3 years from the beginning of the      
grace period, unless the surrender value has been paid or otherwise exhausted,  
or the period of any extended term coverage (discussed below) has expired. You  
will have to provide evidence that the insured person still meets our           
requirements for issuing coverage. You will also have to pay a prescribed       
amount of premium and be subject to the other terms and conditions applicable   
to reinstatements, as specified in the policy. If the insured person dies       
during the grace period, we will deduct any unpaid premium from the death       
benefit, prorated to the end of the month of the insured person's death.        

 Prior to the end of the business day immediately preceding the 70th day
after the beginning of the grace period, any policy values available (as        
determined in accordance with the policy) may be applied as of the beginning of 
the grace period under one of the following options for continued insurance not 
requiring further payment of premiums. These options provide for Variable or    
Fixed Paid-Up Insurance or Fixed Extended Term Insurance on the life of the     
insured person commencing at the beginning of the grace period.                 

    Both the Variable and Fixed Paid-Up Insurance options provide an amount of
paid-up whole life insurance which the available policy values will purchase.   
The amount of Variable Paid-Up Insurance may then increase or decrease in       
accordance with the investment experience of the variable investment options.   
The Fixed Paid-Up Insurance option provides a fixed and level amount of         
insurance. The Fixed Extended Term Insurance option provides a fixed amount of  
insurance determined in accordance with the policy, with the insurance coverage 
continuing for as long a period as the available policy values will purchase.   

16

P-->49717th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 17th
For example, using a Variable Whole Life P50 Policy (Age 25 years     
Male-Smoker) and a 6% hypothetical gross annual investment return assumption,   
if an option was elected and became effective at the end of policy year 5, the  
insurance coverage provided by the options on lapse would be as follows:        

                                                                [Download Table]

  Variable or Fixed                                                             
 Paid-Up Whole Life                        Fixed Extended Term Insurance        
--------------------                --------------------------------------------
    Death Benefit                    Death Benefit        Term in Years and Days
--------------------       or       ---------------      -----------------------
                                                                                
  $10,427                           $62,736                 12 years 331 days   

If no option has been elected before the end of the business day      
immediately preceding the 70th day after the beginning of the grace period, the 
Fixed Extended Term Insurance option automatically applies unless the amount of 
Fixed Paid-Up Insurance would equal or exceed the amount of Fixed Extended Term 
Insurance or unless the insured person is a substandard risk, in either of      
which cases Fixed Paid-Up Insurance is provided.                                

 If the insured person dies after the grace period but before the end of
the business day immediately preceding the 70th day after the beginning of the  
grace period and prior to any election, and if the policy is then in force, we  
will pay a death benefit equal to the greater of the death benefits provided    
under Fixed Extended Term Insurance (if available) or Fixed Paid-Up Insurance   
determined in accordance with the policy.                                       

   A policy continued under any option may be surrendered for its cash value
while the insured person is living. Loans may be available under the Variable   
and Fixed Paid-Up Insurance options, but not under the Fixed Extended Term      
Insurance option.                                                               

    Generally, the suicide exclusion and incontestability provision will apply
from the effective date of the reinstatement. Your policy will indicate if this 
is not the case. A surrendered policy cannot be reinstatement.                  

The death benefit                                                               

In your application for the policy, you will tell us how much life    
insurance coverage you want on the life of the insured person. This is called   
the "Sum Insured."                                                              

When the insured person dies, we will pay the death benefit minus any 
indebtedness. The death benefit will be an amount equal to the greater of the   
guaranteed minimum death benefit and the Variable Sum Insured on the date of    
death of the insured person. The Variable Sum Insured is an amount equal to the 
Initial Sum Insured at issue and thereafter varies, as discussed below.         

Guaranteed minimum death benefit                                                

  The guaranteed minimum death benefit is equal to the Initial Sum Insured
on the date of issue of the policy. We guarantee that, regardless of what your  
variable investment options earn, the death benefit will never be less than the 
guaranteed minimum death benefit.                                               

Variable sum insured                                                            

   After the first policy month, the Variable Sum Insured is determined once
each policy month on the Monthly Date. (The Monthly Date is the first day of a  
policy month which day immediately follows a business day.) The Variable Sum    
Insured remains level during the policy month following the determination.      

   Changes in the Variable Sum Insured for each policy month are computed by
a formula, filed with the insurance supervisory officials of the jurisdiction   
in which the policy has been delivered or issued for delivery. Under the        
formula the difference between the applicable Account Net Investment Rate       
(ANIR) for each business day and the policy's assumed annual rate of 41/2% is   
translated, on an actuarial basis, into a change in the Variable Sum Insured.   

  The Variable Sum Insured would increase on the next Monthly Date only if
the applicable ANIR for the last policy month were sufficiently greater than a  
monthly rate equivalent to an annual rate of 41/2% to result in such an         
increase. If the ANIR was equivalent to an annual rate of less than 41/2%, the  
Variable Sum Insured would be reduced. The percentage change in the Variable    
Sum Insured is not the same as the Account Net Investment Rate, however.        

17

P-->49718th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 18th
Limitations on payment of death benefit                                         

If the insured person commits suicide within certain time periods, the
amount of death benefit we pay will be limited as described in the policy.      
Also, if an application misstated the age or gender of the insured person, we   
will adjust the amount of any death benefit as described in the policy.         

The account value                                                               

   From each premium payment you make, we deduct the charges described under
"Deductions from premium payments" below. We invest the rest (your so-called    
"net premium") in the investment options you've elected. We invest an amount    
equal to each net premium for your policy on the date of issue and on each      
premium due date thereafter, even if we actually receive your corresponding     
premium payment before or after that date.                                      

 Over time, the amount you've invested in any variable investment option
will increase or decrease the same as if you had invested the same amount       
directly in the corresponding fund of the Series Fund and had reinvested all    
fund dividends and distributions in additional fund shares; except that we will 
deduct certain additional charges which will reduce your cash value. We         
describe these charges under "Description of Charges at the Policy Level."

Annual dividends                                                                

   These policies are participating policies which, except while in force as
Fixed Extended Term Insurance, are entitled to the share, if any, of the        
divisible surplus which we annually determine and apportion to them. Any share  
will be distributed as a dividend payable annually on the policy anniversary    
beginning not later than the end of the second policy year for the Variable     
Whole Life 100 Policy and not later than the end of the third policy year for   
the Variable Whole Life Policy and Variable Whole Life P50 Policy.              

Dividends under participating policies may be described as refunds of 
premiums which adjust the cost of a policy to the actual level of cost emerging 
over time after the policy's issue. Thus, participating policies generally have 
gross premiums which are higher than those for comparable non-participating     
policies. If a policy is surrendered before dividends become payable, you do    
not benefit from having a participating policy.                                 

    Both federal and state law recognize that dividends are considered to be a
refund of a portion of the premium paid and therefore are not treated as income 
for federal or state income tax purposes.                                       

   Dividend illustrations published at the time of issue of a policy reflect
the actual recent experience of the issuing insurance company with respect to   
factors such as interest, mortality, and expenses. State law generally          
prohibits a company from projecting or estimating future results. State law     
also requires that dividends must be based on surplus, after setting aside      
certain necessary amounts, and that such surplus must be apportioned equitably  
among participating policies. In other words, in principle and by statute,      
dividends must be based on actual experience and cannot be guaranteed at issue  
of a policy.                                                                    

    Each year our actuaries analyze the current and recent past experience and
compare it to the assumptions used in determining the premium rates at the time 
of issue. Some of the more important data studied includes mortality and        
withdrawal rates, investment yield in the general account, and actual expenses  
incurred in administering the policies. Such data is then allocated to each     
dividend class, e.g., by year of issue, age, smoking habits and plan. The       
actuaries then determine what dividends can be equitably apportioned to each    
Policy class and make a recommendation to our Board of Directors. The Board of  
Directors, which has the ultimate authority to ascertain dividends, will vote   
the amount of surplus to be apportioned to each policy class, thereby           
authorizing the distribution of each year's dividend.                           

 You may in general elect to have any dividend paid or applied under any
one of the following options: paid in cash; applied to premium payments; left   
to accumulate with interest of at least 31/2% a year; purchase fixed paid-up    
insurance; purchase one year term insurance; or purchase variable paid-up       
insurance.                                                                      

Commencement of investment performance                                          

Any premium payment processed prior to the twentieth day after the    
policy's date of issue will automatically be allocated to the Money Market B    
investment option. On the later of the date such payment is received or the     
twentieth day following the date of issue, the portion of the Money Market B    
investment option attributable to such payment will be reallocated              
automatically among the investment options you have chosen.                     

18

P-->49719th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 19th
   All other premium payments will be allocated among the investment options
you have chosen as soon as they are processed.                                  

Allocation of future premium payments                                           

    At any time, you may change the investment options in which future premium
payments will be invested. You make the original allocation in the application  
for the policy. The percentages you select must be in whole numbers of not less 
than 10% for any option and must total 100%.                                    

Transfers of existing cash value                                                

   You may also transfer your existing cash value from one investment option
to another. To do so, you must tell us how much to transfer, either as a whole  
number percentage or as a specific dollar amount. You may not make more than    
six transfers in each policy year. A confirmation of each transfer will be sent 
to you.                                                                         

    The policies are not designed for professional market timing organizations
or other persons or entities that use programmed or frequent transfers among    
investment options. As a consequence, we have reserved the right to impose      
limits on the number and frequency of transfers into and out of variable        
investment options. Under our current rules, we impose the following            
restrictions on transfers into and out of variable investment options.          
Transfers out of a fixed investment option are subject to additional            
limitations noted below.                                                        

   Subject to the annual restriction noted above, our current practice is to
restrict transfers into or out of variable investment options to two per        
calendar month (except with respect to those policies described in the          
following paragraph). For purposes of this restriction, and in applying the     
limitation on the number of free transfers made during the period from the      
opening of a business day (usually 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time) to the close of that 
business day (usually 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time) are considered one transfer. You  
may, however, transfer to the Money Market B investment option even if the two  
transfer per month limit has been reached, but only if 100% of the account      
value in all variable investment options is transferred to the Money Market B   
investment option. If such a transfer to the Money Market B investment option   
is made then, for the 30 calendar day period after such transfers, no transfers 
from the Money Market B investment option to any other investment options       
(variable or fixed) may be made. If your policy offers a dollar cost averaging  
or automatic asset allocation rebalancing program, any transfers pursuant to    
such program are not considered transfers subject to these restrictions on      
frequent trading. The restrictions described in this paragraph will be applied  
uniformly to all policy owners subject to the restrictions.                     

  Policies such as yours may be purchased by a corporation or other entity
as a means to informally finance the liabilities created by an employee benefit 
plan, and to this end the entity may aggregately manage the policies purchased  
to match its liabilities under the plan. Policies sold under these              
circumstances are subject to special transfer restrictions. In lieu of the two  
transfers per month restriction (but still subject to the annual restriction    
noted above), we will allow the policy owner under these circumstances to       
rebalance the investment options in its policies within the following limits:   
(i) during the 10 calendar day period after any account values are transferred  
from one variable investment option into a second variable investment option,   
the values can only be transferred out of the second investment option if they  
are transferred into the Money Market B investment option; and (ii) any account 
values that would otherwise not be transferable by application of the 10 day    
limit described above and that are transferred into the Money Market B          
investment option may not be transferred out of the Money Market B investment   
option into any other investment options (variable or fixed) for 30 calendar    
days. The restrictions described in this paragraph will be applied uniformly to 
all policy owners subject to the restrictions.                                  

If we change any of the above rules relating to transfers, we will notify you   
of the change.                                                                  

Limitation on number of investment options                                      

Whether through the allocation of premium or through the transfer of  
existing cash value, you can never be invested in more than five investment     
options at any one time.                                                        

Surrender                                                                       

You may surrender your policy in full at any time for its "surrender  
value." You must return your policy when you request a full surrender. The      
surrender value will be the policy cash value plus any dividends and interest   
unpaid or unapplied, and the cash value of any insurance purchased under any    
dividend option with an adjustment to reflect the difference between the gross  
premium and the net premium for the period beyond the date of surrender, less   
any indebtedness.                                                               

19

P-->49720th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 20th
Policy loans                                                                    

 You may borrow from your policy at any time after it has been in effect
for 1 year by completing a form satisfactory to us or, if the telephone         
transaction authorization form has been completed, by telephone. The maximum    
amount you can borrow is what we call your "Loan Value." The Loan Value will be 
90% of the total of the policy cash value (assuming no dividends) and any cash  
value under the variable paid-up insurance dividend option, plus any cash value 
under the fixed paid up insurance dividend option. Interest accrues and is      
compounded daily at an effective annual rate equal to the then applicable       
Variable Loan Interest Rate. However, if you elect the Fixed Loan Interest      
Rate, interest accrues and is compounded daily at an effective annual rate of   
8%.                                                                             

The amount of any outstanding loan plus accrued interest is called the
"indebtedness." Except when used to pay premiums, a loan will not be permitted  
unless it is at least $100. You may repay all or a portion of any indebtedness  
while the insured person is living and premiums are being duly paid. Any loan   
is charged against the variable investment options in proportion to the policy  
cash value allocated to the variable investment options and, upon repayment,    
the repayment is allocated to the variable investment options in proportion to  
the outstanding indebtedness in each variable investment option at such time.   

We determine the Variable Loan Interest Rate annually. The Fixed Loan 
Interest Rate is 8% for the life of the policy. At the time of issue, you can   
elect which loan interest rate will apply to any policy loan. If permitted by   
the law of the state in which the policy is issued, you may change a prior      
choice of loan interest rate. If at the time of such request there is           
outstanding indebtedness, the change will generally become effective on the     
next policy anniversary.                                                        

The Variable Loan Interest Rate determined annually for a policy will 
apply to all indebtedness outstanding during the policy year following the date 
of determination. The rate will not exceed the higher of 51/2% or the Published 
Monthly Average (as defined below) for the calendar month which is two months   
prior to the month in which the date of determination occurs. The Published     
Monthly Average means Moody`s Corporate Bond Yield Average as published by      
Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereto.                       

    The amount of the loan deducted from the investment options is placed in a
special loan account. This special loan account will earn interest at an        
effective annual rate that is not more than 2% below the interest rate we are   
then charging on the loan (assuming no taxes).                                  

Repayment of policy loans                                                       

If you want a payment to be used as a loan repayment, you must include
instructions to that effect. Otherwise, all payments will be assumed to be      
premium payments. We process loan repayments as of the day we receive the       
repayment.                                                                      

Effects of policy loans                                                         

 The cash value, the net cash surrender value, and the death benefit are
permanently affected by any loan, whether or not it is repaid in whole or in    
part. This is because the amount of the loan is deducted from the investment    
options and placed in a special loan account. The investment options and the    
special loan account will generally have different rates of investment return.  

  The amount of any outstanding indebtedness is subtracted from the amount
otherwise payable when the policy proceeds become payable.                      

   Whenever the outstanding indebtedness equals or exceeds the policy's cash
value (plus any cash values under a dividend option providing paid-up           
insurance), the policy will terminate 31 days after we have mailed notice of    
termination to you (and to any assignee of record at such assignee's last known 
address) specifying the minimum amount that must be paid to avoid termination,  
unless a repayment of at least the amount specified is made within that period. 
Also, taking out a loan on the policy increases the risk that the policy may    
lapse because of the difference between the interest rate charged on the loan   
and the interest rate credited to the special loan account. Policy loans may    
also result in adverse tax consequences under certain circumstances (see "Tax
considerations").                                                               

20

P-->49721st Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 21st
Description of charges at the policy level

Deductions from premium payments                                                

o Premium tax charge - A charge to cover expected state premium taxes we  
must pay, on average. This charge is 2.5% of each premium.              

o Adjustment for premium payment frequency - If you select a premium      
 payment mode other than annual (so that we receive your premiums over the
 course of the year, rather than all at the beginning), there will be less
value in your policy to support it during the course of the year. To    
 compensate for the risk to us that this creates, the rate we set for each
non- annual premium includes an additional amount that we retain, rather
than crediting it to your policy.                                       

 o Annual administrative charge - A charge of $50 in each policy year to
help defray our annual administrative expenses.                         

o Charge for extra insurance risk - The amount of premiums we may require 
may include an additional component if the insured person presents      
particular mortality risks. We retain these additional amounts to       
compensate us for that risk.                                            

 o Optional benefits charge - The amount of premiums we require is increased
  by an additional component to cover any optional rider benefits you choose
for your policy. We retain such additional amounts to compensate us for 
the obligations we assume under the rider(s).                           

o Premium sales charge - A charge not to exceed 9% of the basic annual    
premium during the period equal to the lesser of 20 years or the        
anticipated life expectancy of the insured person, based on the 1980    
  Commissioners Standard Ordinary Mortality Table. (The basic annual premium
is the annual premium less the premiums for any optional rider benefits,
additional charges for extra mortality risks and the $50 annual         
  administrative charge). The charge during the first two policy years shall
not exceed 30% of the basic annual premium paid during the first policy 
  year plus 10% of the basic annual premium paid for the second policy year.
Charges of 10% or less are made for later policy year.                  

o Additional first year administrative charge - A charge in the first     
policy year at the rate of $13 per $1,000 of the Initial Sum Insured (as
  shown in the policy) for a Variable Whole Life Policy, $7 per $1,000 for a
  Variable Whole Life P50 Policy and $4 per $1,000 for a Variable Whole Life
  100 policy or a pro rata portion thereof, to cover administrative expenses
in connection with the issuance of the policy.                          

o Risk charge - A charge necessary to cover the risk we assumed that the  
Variable Sum Insured will be less than the guaranteed minimum death     
benefit. This charge will vary by age of the insured person but averages
approximately 3% of the basic annual premium.                           

o Deduction for dividends - A deduction for dividends to be paid or       
  credited in accordance with the dividend scale in effect on the issue date
of the policy. This deduction will vary by age of the insured person and
duration of the policy but is expected to average approximately 5-9% of 
the basic annual premium.                                               

Deductions from account assets                                                  

o Insurance charge - A monthly charge for the cost of insurance. To       
  determine the charge, we multiply the amount of insurance for which we are
  at risk by a cost of insurance rate. The rate is derived from an actuarial
table. The table in your policy will show the maximum cost of insurance 
 rates. The cost of insurance rates will never be more than those based on
the 1980 Commissioners Standard Ordinary Mortality Tables. Cost of      
 insurance rates generally increase each year that you own your policy, as
the insured person`s attained age increases. (The insured person's      
 "attained age" on any date is his or her age on the birthday nearest that
date).                                                                  

o M & E charge - A daily charge for mortality and expense risks we assume.
 This charge is deducted from the variable investment options. The current
charge is at an effective annual rate of .50% of the value of the assets
in each variable investment option. We guarantee that this charge will  
never exceed an effective annual rate of .50%.                          

Additional information about how certain policy charges work

Sales expenses and related charges                                              

 The premium sales charges help to compensate us for the cost of selling
our policies. (See "Description of Charges at the Policy Level".) The amount of 
the charges in any policy year does not specifically correspond to sales        
expenses for that year. We expect to recover our total sales expenses over the  
life of the policy. To the extent that the sales charges do not cover total     
sales expenses, the sales expenses may be recovered from other sources,         
including gains from the charge for mortality and expense risks and other gains 
with respect to the policies, or from our general assets. Similarly,            
administrative expenses not                                                     

21

P-->49722nd Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 22nd
fully covered by the annual administrative charge and the additional first year 
administrative charge may also be recovered from such other sources.            

Method of deduction                                                             

   We deduct the monthly charges described in the section from your policy's
investment options in proportion to the amount of cash value you have in each.  

Other charges we could impose in the future                                     

  We currently make no charge for our federal income taxes. However, if we
incur, or expect to incur, additional income taxes attributable to any          
subaccount of the Account or this class of policies in future years, we reserve 
the right to make a charge for such taxes. Any such charge would reduce what    
you earn on any affected investment options. However, we expect that no such    
charge will be necessary.                                                       

Under current laws, we may incur state and local taxes (in addition to
premium taxes) in several states. At present, these taxes are not significant.  
If there is a material change in applicable state or local tax laws, we may     
make charges for such taxes.                                                    

Description of charges at the fund level                                        

The funds must pay investment management fees and other operating     
expenses. These fees and expenses (shown in the Fee Tables section) are         
different for each fund and reduce the investment return of each fund.          
Therefore, they also indirectly reduce the return you will earn on any variable 
investment options you select. Expenses of the funds are not fixed or specified 
under the terms of the policy, and those expenses may vary from year to year.   

Other policy benefits, rights and limitations

Optional benefit riders you can add                                             

  When you apply for a policy, you can request any of the optional benefit
riders that we then make available. Availability of any rider, the benefits it  
provides and the charges for it may vary by state. Our rules and procedures     
will govern eligibility for any rider and, in some cases, the configuration of  
the actual rider benefits. Each rider contains specific details that you should 
review before you decide to choose the rider. We may change rider premiums (or  
the rates that determine them), but not above any applicable maximum amount     
stated in the Policy Specifications page of your policy. We may add to, delete  
from or modify the following list of optional benefit riders:                   

 o Disability Benefit - Waiver of Premium Rider - This rider waives premiums
for the policy during the total disability (as defined in the rider) of 
the insured person. If total disability begins prior to age 60, premiums
 will be waived for the duration of the policy so long as total disability
  continues. If total disability begins on or after age 60, premiums will be
  waived only up to the earlier of (i) age 65 or (ii) the cessation of total
disability.                                                             

o Fixed Accidental Death Benefit Rider - This rider provides for an       
additional insurance benefit if the insured person`s death is due to    
accidental causes between the policy anniversaries nearest the insured  
person's 5th and 70th birthdays.                                        

o Children's Insurance Benefit Rider - This rider covers children of the  
insured person at the time of application and children born or adopted  
after the rider is purchased. For coverage to begin on any child, he or 
she must be more than 14 days old and less than 15 years old. Coverage  
will continue until the earliest of (i) termination of the rider upon   
request, (ii) lapse of the policy, (iii) the insured person`s 65th      
birthday, (iv) election to convert to permanent coverage on the child's 
  18th birthday, or (v) the child`s 22nd birthday. Since we don't know which
children are covered at any point in time, it is up to you to terminate 
the rider if it no longer suits your needs.                             

o Applicant's Waiver of Premium Benefit Rider - This rider waives premiums
for the policy during the total disability (as defined in the rider) of 
 the applicant for the policy. If total disability begins prior to age 60,
premiums will be waived for the duration of the policy so long as total 
disability continues. If total disability begins on or after age 60,    
premiums will be waived only up to the earlier of (i) age 65 or (ii) the
cessation of total disability.                                          

o Indeterminate Premium YRT Rider on Insured and/or Spouse - This rider   
  provides a level or decreasing amount of term insurance on the life of the
 insured person and/or the insured person's spouse. The benefit is payable
if the person                                                           

22

P-->49723rd Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 23rd
 insured under the rider dies during the term period. In applying for this
 rider, you must choose the term period and whether the coverage amount is
level or decreasing.                                                    

o Initial Term Insurance Rider - This rider provides immediate coverage on
the life of the insured person for term periods of one to eleven months 
prior to the policy's date of issue. The rider is for those who want to 
  select a date of issue that is one to eleven months subsequent to the date
of application.                                                         

Changes that we can make as to your policy                                      

    We reserve the right to make any changes in the policy necessary to ensure
the policy is within the definition of life insurance under the federal tax     
laws and is in compliance with any changes in federal or state tax laws.        

In our policies, we reserve the right to make certain changes if they 
would serve the best interests of policy owners or would be appropriate in      
carrying out the purposes of the policies. Such changes include the following:  

   o Changes necessary to comply with or obtain or continue exemptions under
the federal securities laws                                                     

o Combining or removing investment options                            

o Changes in the form of organization of any separate account         

  Any such changes will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable
laws and only in the manner permitted by such laws. When required by law, we    
will obtain your approval of the changes and the approval of any appropriate    
regulatory authority.                                                           

The owner of the policy                                                         

  Who owns the policy? That's up to the person who applies for the policy.
The owner of the policy is the person who can exercise most of the rights under 
the policy, such as the right to choose the investment options or the right to  
surrender the policy. In many cases, the person buying the policy is also the   
person who will be the owner. However, the application for a policy can name    
another person or entity (such as a trust) as owner. Wherever the term "you"    
appears in this prospectus, we've assumed that the reader is the person who has 
the right or privilege being discussed. There may be tax consequences if the    
owner and the insured person are different, so you should discuss this issue    
with your tax adviser. While the insured person is alive, you will have a       
number of options under the policy. Here are some major ones:                   

    o Determine when and how much you invest in the various investment options

o Borrow amounts you have in the investment options                   

o Change the beneficiary who will receive the death benefit           

o Turn in (i.e., "surrender") the policy for the full amount of its   
surrender value                                                           

o Reduce the amount of insurance by surrendering part of the policy   

o Choose the form in which we will pay out the death benefit or other 
proceeds                                                                        

It is possible to name so-called "joint owners" of the policy. If more
than one person owns a policy, all owners must join in most requests to         
exercise rights under the policy.                                               

Policy cancellation right                                                       

You have the right to cancel your policy within the latest of the     
following periods:                                                              

    o 10 days after you receive it (this period may be longer in some states);

    o 10 days after mailing by John Hancock of the Notice of Withdrawal Right;
or                                                                        

o 45 days after the date Part A of the application has been completed.

This is often referred to as the "free look" period. To cancel your   
policy, simply deliver or mail the policy to us at one of the addresses shown   
on the back cover, or to the John Hancock representative who delivered the      
policy to you.                                                                  

    In most states, you will receive a refund of any premiums you've paid. The
date of cancellation will be the date of such mailing or delivery.              

23

P-->49724th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 24th
Reports that you will receive                                                   

At least annually, we will send you a statement setting forth the     
following information as of the end of the most recent reporting period: the    
amount of the death benefit and cash value, and any outstanding policy loan     
(and interest charged for the preceding policy year). Moreover, you also will   
receive confirmations of transfers among investment options, policy loans and   
certain other policy transactions.                                              

    Semiannually we will send you a report containing the financial statements
of the Series Fund, including a list of securities held in each fund.           

Assigning your policy                                                           

    You may assign your rights in the policy to someone else as collateral for
a loan or for some other reason. Assignments do not require the consent of any  
revocable beneficiary. A copy of the assignment must be forwarded to us. We are 
not responsible for any payment we make or any action we take before we receive 
notice of the assignment in good order. Nor are we responsible for the validity 
of the assignment. An absolute assignment is a change of ownership. All         
collateral assignees of record must consent to any full surrender, partial      
withdrawal or loan from the policy.                                             

When we pay policy proceeds

General                                                                         

   We will pay any death benefit, withdrawal, surrender value or loan within
7 days after we receive the last required form or request (and, with respect to 
the death benefit, any other documentation that may be required). If we don't   
have information about the desired manner of payment within 7 days after the    
date we receive documentation of the insured person's death, we will pay the    
proceeds as a single sum.                                                       

Delay to challenge coverage                                                     

We may challenge the validity of your insurance policy based on any   
material misstatements made to us in the application for the policy. We cannot  
make such a challenge, however, beyond certain time limits that are specified   
in the policy.                                                                  

Delay for check clearance                                                       

We reserve the right to defer payment of that portion of your account 
value that is attributable to a premium payment made by check for a reasonable  
period of time (not to exceed 15 days) to allow the check to clear the banking  
system.                                                                         

Delay of separate account proceeds                                              

   We reserve the right to defer payment of any death benefit, loan or other
distribution that is derived from a variable investment option if (1) the New   
York Stock Exchange is closed (other than customary weekend and holiday         
closings) or trading on the New York Stock Exchange is restricted; (2) an       
emergency exists, as a result of which disposal of securities is not reasonably 
practicable or it is not reasonably practicable to fairly determine the account 
value; or (3) the SEC by order permits the delay for the protection of owners.  
Transfers and allocations of account value among the investment options may     
also be postponed under these circumstances. If we need to defer calculation of 
separate account values for any of the foregoing reasons, all delayed           
transactions will be processed at the next values that we do compute.           

Delay of general account surrender proceeds                                     

    State laws allow us to defer payment of any portion of the surrender value
derived from the fixed investment option for up to 6 months. These laws were    
enacted many years ago to help insurance companies in the event of a liquidity  
crisis.                                                                         

How you communicate with us

General rules                                                                   

You should mail or express all checks and money orders for premium    
payments and loan repayments to the John Hancock Servicing Office at the        
appropriate address shown on the back cover.                                    

24

P-->49725th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 25th
  Under our current rules, certain requests must be made in writing and be
signed and dated by you. They include the following:                            

o loans                                                               

o surrenders                                                          

o change of beneficiary                                               

o election of payment option for policy proceeds                      

o tax withholding elections                                           

o election of telephone transaction privilege                         

   The following requests may be made either in writing (signed and dated by
you) or by telephone or fax if a special form is completed (see "Telephone and
Facsimile Transactions" below):                                                 

o transfers of account value among investment options                 

  o change of allocation among investment options for new premium payments

    You should mail or express all written requests to our Servicing Office at
the appropriate address shown on the back cover. You should also send notice of 
the insured person`s death and related documentation to our Servicing Office.   
We don't consider that we've "received" any communication until such time as it 
has arrived at the proper place and in the proper and complete form.            

We have special forms that should be used for a number of the requests
mentioned above. You can obtain these forms from our Servicing Office or your   
John Hancock representative. Each communication to us must include your name,   
your policy number and the name of the insured person. We cannot process any    
request that doesn't include this required information. Any communication that  
arrives after the close of our business day, or on a day that is not a business 
day, will be considered "received" by us on the next following business day.    
Our business day currently closes at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, but       
special circumstances (such as suspension of trading on a major exchange) may   
dictate an earlier closing time.                                                

Telephone and facsimile transactions                                            

If you complete a special authorization form, you can request loans,  
transfers among investment options and changes of allocation among investment   
options simply by telephoning us at 1-800-732-5543 or by faxing us at           
617-572-1571. Any fax request should include your name, daytime telephone       
number, policy number and, in the case of transfers and changes of allocation,  
the names of the investment options involved. We will honor telephone           
instructions from anyone who provides the correct identifying information, so   
there is a risk of loss to you if this service is used by an unauthorized       
person. However, you will receive written confirmation of all telephone         
transactions. There is also a risk that you will be unable to place your        
request due to equipment malfunction or heavy phone line usage. If this occurs, 
you should submit your request in writing.                                      

   If you authorize telephone transactions, you will be liable for any loss,
expense or cost arising out of any unauthorized or fraudulent telephone         
instructions which we reasonably believe to be genuine, unless such loss,       
expense or cost is the result of our mistake or negligence. We employ           
procedures which provide safeguards against the execution of unauthorized       
transactions, and which are reasonably designed to confirm that instructions    
received by telephone are genuine. These procedures include requiring personal  
identification, tape recording calls, and providing written confirmation to the 
owner. If we do not employ reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions   
communicated by telephone are genuine, we may be liable for any loss due to     
unauthorized or fraudulent instructions.                                        

 As stated earlier in this prospectus, the policies are not designed for
professional market timing organizations or other persons or entities that use  
programmed or frequent transfers amoung investment options. For reasons such as 
that, we have imposed restrictions on transfers. However, we also reserve the   
right to change our telephone and facsimile transaction policies or procedures  
at any time. Moreover, we also reserve the right to suspend or terminate the    
privilege altogether with respect to any owners who we feel are abusing the     
privilege to the detriment of other owners.                                     

Distribution of policies                                                        

John Hancock Distributors LLC ("JH Distributors"), a Delaware limited 
liability company affiliated with us, is the principal distributor and          
underwriter of the securities offered through this prospectus and of other      
annuity and life insurance                                                      

25

P-->49726th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 26th
products we and our affiliates offer. JH Distributors also acts as the          
principal underwriter of the John Hancock Trust, whose securities are used to   
fund certain investment options under the policies and under other annuity and  
life insurance products we offer.                                               

JH Distributors' principal address is 200 Bloor Street East, Toronto, 
Canada M4W 1E5 and it also maintains offices with us at 197 Clarendon Street,   
Boston, Massachusetts 02116. JH Distributors is a broker-dealer registered      
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "1934 Act") and is a member of   
the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (the "NASD").              

We offer the policies for sale through individuals who are licensed as
insurance agents and who are registered representatives of broker-dealers that  
have entered into selling agreements with JH Distributors. These broker-dealers 
may include our affiliate Signator Investors, Inc.                              

   Through JH Distributors, John Hancock pays compensation to broker-dealers
for the promotion and sale of the policies. The registered representative       
through whom your policy is sold will be compensated pursuant to the registered 
representative's own arrangement with his or her broker-dealer. Compensation to 
broker-dealers for the promotion and sale of the policies is not paid directly  
by policyowners but will be recouped through the fees and charges imposed under 
the policy. (See "Description of charges at the policy level".)                 

A limited number of broker-dealers may also be paid commissions or    
overrides to "wholesale" the policies; that is, to provide marketing support    
and training services to the broker-dealer firms that do the actual selling. We 
may also provide compensation to a limited number of broker-dealers for         
providing ongoing service in relation to policies that have already been        
purchased.                                                                      

Standard compensation                                                           

  The compensation paid to sales representatives may vary depending on the
selling agreements, but commissions for sale of the policies (not including     
riders) are not expected to exceed 55% of the premium paid in the first policy  
year, 15% of the premium paid in the second policy year, 10% of the premium     
paid in the third through sixth policy years, 5% of the premium paid in the     
sixth through tenth policy years, and 3% of the premium paid in each policy     
year thereafter. The amount and timing of this compensation may differ among    
sales representatives, but would not be expected to materially exceed the       
foregoing schedule on a present value basis.                                    

Additional compensation and revenue sharing                                     

 To the extent permitted by SEC and NASD rules and other applicable laws
and regulations, selling broker-dealers may receive, directly or indirectly,    
additional payments in the form of cash, other compensation or reimbursement.   
These additional compensation or reimbursement arrangements may include, for    
example, payments in connection with the firm's "due diligence" examination of  
the policies, payments for providing conferences or seminars, sales or training 
programs for invited registered representatives and other employees, payment    
for travel expenses, including lodging, incurred by registered representatives  
and other employees for such seminars or training programs, seminars for the    
public, advertising and sales campaigns regarding the policies, payments to     
assist a firm in connection with its systems, operations and marketing expenses 
and/or other events or activities sponsored by the firms. Subject to applicable 
NASD rules and other applicable laws and regulations, JH Distributors and is    
affiliates may contribute to, as well as sponsor, various educational programs, 
sales contests, and/or other promotions in which participating firms and their  
sales persons may receive prizes such as merchandise, cash or other rewards.    

    These arrangements will not be offered to all firms, and the terms of such
arrangements may differ between firms. We provide additional information on     
special compensation or reimbursement arrangements involving selling firms and  
other financial institutions in the Statement of Additional Information, which  
is available upon request. Any such compensation, which may be significant at   
times, will not result in any additional direct charge to you by us.            

Differential compensation                                                       

Compensation negotiated and paid by John Hancock pursuant to a selling
agreement with a broker-dealer may differ from compensation levels that the     
broker-dealer receives for selling other variable policies or contracts. These  
compensation arrangements may give us benefits such as greater access to        
registered representatives. In addition, under their own arrangements,          
broker-dealer firms may pay a portion of any amounts received under standard or 
additional compensation or revenue sharing arrangements to their registered     
representatives. As a result, registered representatives may be motivated to    

26

P-->49727th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 27th
sell the policies of one issuer over another issuer, or one product over        
another product. You should contact your registered representative for more     
information on compensation arrangements in connection with your purchase of a  
policy.                                                                         

Tax considerations                                                              

This description of federal income tax consequences is only a brief   
summary and is not intended as tax advice. Tax consequences will vary based on  
your own particular circumstances, and for further information you should       
consult a qualified tax adviser. Federal, state and local tax laws, regulations 
and interpretations can change from time to time. As a result, the tax          
consequences to you and the beneficiary may be altered, in some cases           
retroactively.                                                                  

 The policy may be used in various arrangements, including non-qualified
deferred compensation or salary continuation plans, split dollar insurance      
plans, executive bonus plans, retiree medical benefit plans and others. The tax 
consequences of such plans may vary depending on the particular facts and       
circumstances of each individual arrangement. Therefore, if the use of the      
policy in any such arrangment, the value of which depends in part on the tax    
consequences, is contemplated, a qualified tax adviser should be consulted for  
advise on the tax attributes of the particular arrangement.                     

General                                                                         

Generally, death benefits paid under policies such as yours are not   
subject to income tax. Earnings on your account value are ordinarily not        
subject to income tax as long as we don't pay them out to you. If we do pay out 
any amount of your account value upon surrender or partial withdrawal, all or   
part of that distribution would generally be treated as a return of the         
premiums you've paid and not subjected to income tax. However certain           
distributions associated with a reduction in death benefit or other policy      
benefits within the first 15 years after issuance of the policy are ordinarily  
taxable in whole or in part. (See "Other policy distributions" below.) Amounts  
you borrow are generally not taxable to you. (See "Policy loans" below.)        

However, some of the tax rules change if your policy is found to be a 
modified endowment contract. This can happen if you've paid premiums in excess  
of limits prescribed by the tax laws. Additional taxes and penalties may be     
payable for policy distributions of any kind. (See "7-pay premium limit and
modified endowment contract status" below.)                                     

Policy death benefit proceeds                                                   

We expect the policy to receive the same federal income and estate tax
treatment as fixed benefit life insurance policies. Section 7702 of the         
Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") defines a life insurance contract for        
federal tax purposes. For a policy to be treated as a life insurance contract,  
it must satisfy either the cash value accumulation test or the guideline        
premium test. These tests limit the amount of premium that you may pay into the 
policy. We will monitor compliance with these standards. If we determine that a 
policy does not satisfy section 7702, we may take whatever steps are            
appropriate and reasonable to bring it into compliance with Section 7702.       

    If the policy complies with Section 7702, the death benefit proceeds under
the policy should be excludable from the beneficiary's gross income under       
Section 101 of the Code.                                                        

Other policy distributions                                                      

    Increases in policy value as a result of interest or investment experience
will not be subject to federal income tax unless and until values are received  
through actual or deemed distributions. In general, the owner will be taxed on  
the amount of distributions that exceed the premiums paid under the policy. An  
exception to this general rule occurs in the case of a decrease in the policy's 
death benefit or any other change that reduces benefits under the policy in the 
first 15 years after the policy is issued and that results in a cash            
distribution to the policy owner in order for the policy to continue to comply  
with the Section 7702 definitional limits. Changes that reduce benefits include 
partial withdrawals and death benefit option changes. For purposes of this rule 
any distribution within the two years immediately before a reduction in         
benefits will also be treated as if it caused the reduction. A cash             
distribution that reduces policy benefits will be taxed in whole or in part (to 
the extent of any gain in the policy) under rules prescribed in Section 7702.   
The taxable amount is subject to limits prescribed in section 7702(f)(7). Any   
taxable distribution will be ordinary income to the owner (rather than capital  
gain).                                                                          

   Distributions for tax purposes include amounts received upon surrender or
partial withdrawals. You may also be deemed to have received a distribution for 
tax purposes if you assign all or part of your policy rights or change your     
policy's ownership.                                                             

27

P-->49728th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 28th
It is possible that, despite our monitoring, a policy might fail to   
qualify as a life insurance contract under section 7702 of the Code. This could 
happen, for example, if we inadvertently failed to return to you any premium    
payments that were in excess of permitted amounts, or if any of the funds       
failed to meet certain investment diversification or other requirements of the  
Code. If this were to occur, you would be subject to income tax on the income   
credited to the policy from the date of issue to the date of the                
disqualification and for subsequent periods.                                    

    Tax consequences of ownership or receipt of policy proceeds under federal,
state and local estate, inheritance, gift and other tax laws will depend on the 
circumstances of each owner or beneficiary. If the person insured by the policy 
is also its owner, either directly or indirectly through an entity such as a    
revocabale trust, the death benefit will be includible in his or her estate for 
purposes of the federal estate tax. If the owner is not the person insured, the 
value of the policy will be includible in the owner's estate upon his or her    
death. Even if ownership has been transferred, the death proceeds or the        
account value may be includible in the former owner's estate if the transfer    
occurred less than three years before the former owner's death or if the former 
owner retained certain kinds of control over the policy. You should consult     
your tax adviser regarding these possible tax consequences.                     

  Because there may be unfavorable tax consequences (including recognition
of taxable income and the loss of income tax-free treatment for any death       
benefit payable to the beneficiary), you should consult a qualified tax adviser 
prior to changing the policy's ownership or making any assignment of ownership  
interests.                                                                      

Policy loans                                                                    

We expect that, except as noted below (see "7-pay premium limit and
modified endowment contract status"), loans received under the policy will be   
treated as indebtedness of an owner and that no part of any loan will           
constitute income to the owner. However, if the policy terminates for any       
reason, the amount of any outstanding loan that was not previously considered   
income will be treated as if it had been distributed to the owner upon such     
termination. This could result in a considerable tax bill. Under certain        
circumstances involving large amounts of outstanding loans, you might find      
yourself having to choose between high premiums requirements to keep your       
policy from lapsing and a significant tax burden if you allow the lapse to      
occur.                                                                          

Diversification rules and ownership of the Account                              

Your policy will not qualify for the tax benefits of a life insurance 
contract unless the Account follows certain rules requiring diversification of  
investments underlying the policy. In addition, the rules require that the      
policy owner not have "investment control" over the underlying assets.          

 In certain circumstances, the owner of a variable life insurance policy
may be considered the owner, for federal income tax purposes, of the assets of  
the separate account used to support the policy. In those circumstances, income 
and gains from the separate account assets would be includible in the policy    
owner's gross income. The Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") has stated in        
published rulings that a variable policy owner will be considered the owner of  
separate account assets if the policy owner possesses incidents of ownership in 
those assets, such as the ability to exercise investment control over the       
assets. A Treasury Decision issued in 1986 stated that guidance would be issued 
in the form of regulations or rulings on the "extent to which Policyholders may 
direct their investments to particular sub-accounts of a separate account       
without being treated as owners of the underlying assets." As of the date of    
this prospectus, no comprehensive guidance on this point has been issued. In    
Rev. Rul. 2003-91, however, the IRS ruled that a contract holder would not be   
treated as the owner of assets underlying a variable life insurance or annuity  
contract despite the owner's ability to allocate funds among as many as twenty  
subaccounts.                                                                    

 The ownership rights under your policy are similar to, but different in
certain respects from, those described in IRS rulings in which it was           
determined that policyholders were not owners of separate account assets. Since 
you have greater flexibility in allocating premiums and policy values than was  
the case in those rulings, it is possible that you would be treated as the      
owner of your policy's proportionate share of the assets of the Account.        

We do not know what future Treasury Department regulations or other   
guidance may require. We cannot guarantee that the funds will be able to        
operate as currently described in the Series Funds` prospectuses, or that a     
Series Fund will not have to change any fund's investment objectives or         
policies. We have reserved the right to modify your policy if we believe doing  
so will prevent you from being considered the owner of your policy's            
proportionate share of the assets of the Account, but we are under no           
obligation to do so.                                                            

28

P-->49729th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 29th
7-pay premium limit and modified endowment contract status                      

At the time of policy issuance, we will determine whether the Planned 
Premium schedule will exceed the 7-pay limit discussed below. If so, our        
standard procedures prohibit issuance of the policy unless you sign a form      
acknowledging that fact.                                                        

 The 7-pay limit is the total of net level premiums that would have been
payable at any time for a comparable fixed policy to be fully "paid-up" after   
the payment of 7 equal annual premiums. "Paid-up" means that no further         
premiums would be required to continue the coverage in force until maturity,    
based on certain prescribed assumptions. If the total premiums paid at any time 
during the first 7 policy years exceed the 7-pay limit, the policy will be      
treated as a modified endowment contract, which can have adverse tax            
consequences.                                                                   

Policies classified as modified endowment contracts are subject to the
following tax rules:                                                    

 o First, all partial withdrawals from such a policy are treated as ordinary
  income subject to tax up to the amount equal to the excess (if any) of the
policy value immediately before the distribution over the investment in 
the policy at such time.                                                

o Second, loans taken from or secured by such a policy and assignments or 
pledges of any part of its value are treated as partial withdrawals from
 the policy and taxed accordingly. Past-due loan interest that is added to
the loan amount is treated as an additional loan.                       

o Third, a 10% additional income tax is imposed on the portion of any     
distribution (including distributions on surrender) from, or loan taken 
 from or secured by, such a policy that is included in income except where
the distribution or loan:                                               

o is made on or after the date on which the policy owner attains age  
591/2;                                                                          

o is attributable to the policy owner becoming disabled; or           

o is part of a series of substantially equal periodic payments for the  
life (or life expectancy) of the policy owner or the joint lives (or
joint life expectancies) of the policy owner and the policy owner's 
beneficiary.                                                        

These exceptions to the 10% additional tax do not apply in situations 
where the policy is not owned by an individual.                                 

    Furthermore, any time there is a "material change" in a policy, the policy
will begin a new 7-pay testing period as if it were a newly-issued policy. The  
material change rules for determining whether a policy is a modified endowment  
contract are complex. In general, however, the determination of whether a       
policy will be a modified endowment contract after a material change generally  
depends upon the relationship among the death benefit of the policy at the time 
of such change, the policy value at the time of the change, and the additional  
premiums paid into the Policy during the seven years starting with the date on  
which the material change occurs.                                               

  Moreover, if benefits under a policy are reduced (such as a reduction in
the death benefit or the reduction or cancellation of certain rider benefits)   
during the 7 years in which a 7-pay test is being applied, the 7-pay limit will 
generally be recalculated based on the reduced benefits. If the premiums paid   
to date are greater than the recalculated 7-pay limit, the policy will become a 
modified endowment contract.                                                    

All modified endowment contracts issued by the same insurer (or its   
affiliates) to the same owner during any calendar year generally are required   
to be treated as one contract for the purpose of applying the modified          
endowment contract rules. A policy received in exchange for a modified          
endowment contract will itself also be a modified endowment contract. You       
should consult your tax advisor if you have questions regarding the possible    
impact of the 7-pay limit on your policy.                                       

Corporate and H.R. 10 retirement plans                                          

 The policy may be acquired in connection with the funding of retirement
plans satisfying the qualification requirements of Section 401 of the Code. If  
so, the Code provisions relating to such plans and life insurance benefits      
thereunder should be carefully scrutinized. We are not responsible for          
compliance with the terms of any such plan or with the requirements of          
applicable provisions of the Code.                                              

Withholding                                                                     

To the extent that policy distributions to you are taxable, they are  
generally subject to withholding for your federal income tax liability. However 
if you reside in the United States, you can generally choose not to have tax    
withheld from distributions.                                                    

29

P-->49730th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 30th
Life insurance purchases by residents of Puerto Rico                            

In Rev. Rul. 2004-75, 2004-31 I.R.B. 109, the Internal Revenue Service
ruled that income received by residents of Puerto Rico under life insurance     
policy issued by a United States company is U.S.-source income that is subject  
to United States federal income tax.                                            

Life insurance purchases by non-resident aliens                                 

  If you are not a U.S. citizen or resident, you will generally be subject
to U.S. federal withholding tax on taxable distributions from life insurance    
policies at a 30% rate, unless a lower treaty rate applies. In addition, you    
may be subject to state and/or municipal taxes and taxes imposed by your        
country of citizenship or residence. You should consult with a qualified tax    
adviser before purchasing a policy.                                             

Financial statements reference                                                  

  The financial statements of John Hancock and the Account can be found in
the Statement of Additional Information. The financial statements of John       
Hancock should be distinguished from the financial statements of the Account    
and should be considered only as bearing upon the ability of John Hancock to    
meet its obligations under the policies.                                        

Registration statement filed with the SEC                                       

 This prospectus omits certain information contained in the Registration
Statement which has been filed with the SEC. More details may be obtained from  
the SEC upon payment of the prescribed fee.                                     

Independent registered public accounting firm                                   

The consolidated financial statements of John Hancock Life Insurance  
Company at December 31, 2005 and 2004, and for each of the three years in the   
period ended December 31, 2005, and the financial statements of Separate        
Account UV of John Hancock Life Insurance Company at December 31, 2005, and for 
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2005, appearing in the   
Statement of Additional Information of the Registration Statement have been     
audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as 
set forth in their reports thereon appearing elsewhere herein, and are included 
in reliance upon such reports given on the authority of such firm as experts in 
accounting and auditing.                                                        

30

P-->497Last Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 31st
In addition to this prospectus, John Hancock has filed with the SEC a 
Statement of Additional Information (the "SAI") which contains additional       
information about John Hancock and the Account. The SAI and personalized        
illustrations of death benefits, account values and surrender values are        
available, without charge, upon request. You may obtain the personalized        
illustrations from your John Hancock representative. The SAI may be obtained by 
contacting the John Hancock Servicing Office. You should also contact the John  
Hancock Servicing Office to request any other information about your policy or  
to make any inquiries about its operation.                                      

                                                                [Download Table]

         JOHN HANCOCK SERVICING OFFICE           
                                                 
     Express Delivery              Mail Delivery 
     Life Operations               P.O. Box 111  
197 Clarendon Street, C-6        Boston, MA 02117
Boston, MA 02117                            
          Phone:                       Fax:      
      1-800-732-5543               617-572-1571  

Information about the Account (including the SAI) can be reviewed and 
copied at the SEC's Public Reference Branch, 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580,       
Washington, DC, 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference     
Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 202-551-5850. Reports and other      
information about the Account are available on the SEC's Internet website at    
http://www.sec.gov. Copies of such information may be obtained, upon payment of 
a duplicating fee, by writing the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F  
Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549-0102.                                          

1940 Act File No. 811-7766 1933 Act File No. 33-63900                           
R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On PageThis ‘497’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other Filings5/1/0712485BPOS11/1/0611Filed on / Effective on:5/2/064975/1/061485BPOS12/31/0593024F-2NT,  NSAR-U4/29/0511485BPOS12/31/043024F-2NT,  NSAR-U9/28/03145/13/02132/1/0014 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0001193125-06-096503   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 01:25:58.1 GMT 


      Federal Register
       :: 
      John Hancock Life Insurance Company, et al.
    




















































  Skip to Content








 



    Sections
    
 




            Money
 



            Environment
 



            World
 



            Science & Technology
 



            Business & Industry
 



            Health & Public Welfare
 













Open Meeting of the Federal Advisory Committee on Insurance


                by the Treasury Department
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Tim Evanson






 
 








Dodd-Frank Wall Steet Reform


                          255
                          documents in the last year
                        



Government Contracts


                          50
                          documents in the last year
                        





Stock & Commodities Trading 


                          496
                          documents in the last year
                        



Economic Sanctions & Foreign Assets Control


                          659
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      21
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      0
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












EQT Pittsburgh Three Rivers Regatta, Pittsburgh, PA


                by the Coast Guard
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Ben McLeod






 
 








Endangered & Threatened Species


                          911
                          documents in the last year
                        



Fishery Management


                          1516
                          documents in the last year
                        





Taking of Marine Mammals


                          309
                          documents in the last year
                        



Parks & Recreation


                          930
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      41
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      7
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Refugee Biographic Data


                by the State Department
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Charles Roffey






 
 








Immigration & Border Control


                          253
                          documents in the last year
                        



Cultural Objects Imported for Exhibition


                          95
                          documents in the last year
                        





International Trade (Anti-Dumping)


                          831
                          documents in the last year
                        



Controlled Exports (CCL & USML)


                          62
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      24
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Environmentally Sound Products


                by the Defense Department, the General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Leo Reynolds






 
 








Broadband Policy


                          163
                          documents in the last year
                        



Patent, Trademark, and Copyright


                          1346
                          documents in the last year
                        





Energy Efficiency & Renewable Resources


                          345
                          documents in the last year
                        



Climate Change


                          349
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      46
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Public Company Accounting Oversight Board


                by the Securities and Exchange Commission
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                GotCredit






 
 








Automobile Safety & Fuel Economy


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Oil and Gas Leasing


                          31
                          documents in the last year
                        





Air Travel


                          90
                          documents in the last year
                        



Trade Adjustment Assistance


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      46
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Medicaid Program


                by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Hey Paul Studios






 
 








Health Care Reform


                          196
                          documents in the last year
                        



Veterans Educational Benefits


                          1
                          documents in the last year
                        





Veterans Employment & Training


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Disaster Declarations & Assistance


                          873
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      32
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      2
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 







    Browse
    
 




          Agencies
 



          Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
 



          Dates
 



          Public Inspection
 



          Executive Orders
 




  Explore Agencies



















Agriculture Department

20


16



Commerce Department

47


10



Defense Department

19


3



Education Department

8


3



Energy Department

43


3



Environmental Protection Agency

44


26



Health and Human Services Department

87


20



Homeland Security Department

66


9



Housing and Urban Development Department

2


          0
        


Interior Department

22


11



Justice Department

17


5



Labor Department

12


6



State Department

4


3



Transportation Department

82


41



Treasury Department

17


12



Veterans Affairs Department

9


9








  Explore Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)



















Administrative practice and procedure

22


6



Air pollution control

10


13



Air transportation

19


11



Airspace

18


4



Aviation safety

19


18



Environmental protection

17


12



Navigation (air)

19


4



Navigation (water)

10


          0
        


Security measures

10


2



Waterways

10


          0
        











            Current Issue

              
                377 Pages
              




123 documents
    from 40 agencies

  



81 Notices


14 Proposed Rules


28 Rules


3 Significant Documents









Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












          The Public Inspection page
          on FederalRegister.gov
          offers a preview of documents scheduled to appear in the next day's
          Federal Register issue. The Public Inspection page may also
          include documents scheduled for later issues, at the request
          of the issuing agency.
        










Special Filing

          updated on 04:15 PM, on Friday, July 28, 2017
        


6 documents
            from 4 agencies
          


1 Notice


1 Presidential Document


4 Rules









Regular Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Friday, July 28, 2017
        


84 documents
            from 43 agencies
          


63 Notices


1 Presidential Document


9 Proposed Rules


11 Rules














Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












Donald Trump


EO 13806:
Assessing and Strengthening the Manufacturing and Defense Industrial Base and Supply Chain Resiliency of the United States


EO 13805:
Establishing a Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure


EO 13804:
Allowing Additional Time for Recognizing Positive Actions by the Government of Sudan and Amending Executive Order 13761




                  2017:
                  42







Barack Obama


                  2017:
                  7


                  2016:
                  41


                  2015:
                  29


                  2014:
                  31


                  2013:
                  21


                  2012:
                  38


                  2011:
                  34


                  2010:
                  37


                  2009:
                  37







George W. Bush


                  2009:
                  3


                  2008:
                  30


                  2007:
                  33


                  2006:
                  26


                  2005:
                  27


                  2004:
                  46


                  2003:
                  40


                  2002:
                  33


                  2001:
                  51







William J. Clinton


                  2001:
                  7


                  2000:
                  39


                  1999:
                  35


                  1998:
                  38


                  1997:
                  38


                  1996:
                  50


                  1995:
                  40


                  1994:
                  54












    Search
    





        Document Search
 



        Advanced Document Search
 



        Public Inspection Search
 



        FR Index
 





    Reader Aids
    



Reader Aids Home


Office of the Federal Register Blog


Using FederalRegister.Gov


Understanding the Federal Register


Recent Site Updates


Videos & Tutorials


Developer Resources


Government Policy and OFR Procedures






    My FR
    




My Account


My Clipboard


My Comments


My Subscriptions


Sign In / Sign Up





Search the Federal Register


 





0



Sign in
Sign up

 









The Federal Register
The Daily Journal of the United States Government










Legal Status
Legal Status 
 
  Notice



John Hancock Life Insurance Company, et al.


      A Notice by the Securities and Exchange Commission on 04/15/2003











 













Document DetailsInformation about this document as published in the Federal Register.

Printed version:

PDF

Publication Date:

04/15/2003

Agency:

Securities and Exchange Commission

Dates:
The application was filed on December 2, 2002 and amended and restated on April 10, 2003.
Document Type:
Notice
Document Citation:

          68 FR 18308
        
Page:

          18308-18313
          (6 pages)
        
Agency/Docket Numbers:
Release No. IC-26003
File No. 812-12906
Document Number:
03-9261

Document Details



















Enhanced Content - Table of Contents

            This tables of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the
            headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents.
            This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links
            has no substantive legal effect.
          

AGENCY:
ACTION:
Applicants:
Filing Date:
Summary of Application:
Hearing or Notification of Hearing:
ADDRESSES:
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Applicants' Representations 
The Funds 
The Funds' Investment Program 
Fund Financial Information
Terms of Substitutions 
Applicants' Legal Analysis 
Applicants' Conditions 

Enhanced Content - Table of Contents 



Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment 



Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments 


Enhanced Content - Sharing

Shorter Document URL

https://www.federalregister.gov/d/03-9261
https://www.federalregister.gov/d/03-9261






              Email this document to a friend
            



Share this document on Twitter



Share this document on Facebook


Enhanced Content - Sharing 



Enhanced Content - Document Print View

Print this document

Enhanced Content - Document Print View 


Enhanced Content - Document Tools

            These tools are designed to help you understand the official document
            better and aid in comparing the online edition to the print edition.
          



                These markup elements allow the user to see how the document follows the
                
                  Document Drafting Handbook
                 that agencies use to create their documents. These can be useful
                for better understanding how a document is structured but
                are not part of the published document itself.
              
Display Non-Printed Markup Elements


Enhanced Content - Document Tools 


Enhanced Content - Developer Tools

          This document is available in the following developer friendly formats:
        


JSON: Normalized attributes and metadata


XML: Original full text XML


MODS: Government Publishing Office metadata



          More information and documentation can be found in our
          developer tools pages.
        
Enhanced Content - Developer Tools 


Official Content


View printed version (PDF)


Official Content 


Published DocumentThis document has been published in the Federal Register. Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format.





Start Preamble
        
        
        
        April 10, 2003. 
        
          AGENCY:
The Securities and Exchange Commission (“Commission”). 
ACTION:
Notice of application for an order of approval pursuant to section 26(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Act”). 
Applicants:
John Hancock Life Insurance Company (“John Hancock”), John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company (“JHVLICO”), John Hancock Variable Life Account S (“Account S”), John Hancock Variable Life Account UV (“Account UV”), John Hancock Variable Life Account U (“Account U”), John Hancock Variable Annuity Account JF (“Account JF”), John Hancock Variable Annuity Account I (“Account I”), and John Hancock Variable Annuity Account H (“Account H”) (collectively, “Applicants”). 
Filing Date:
The application was filed on December 2, 2002 and amended and restated on April 10, 2003. 
Summary of Application:
 Applicants request an order permitting (1) Account S, Account UV, Account U, Account JF, and Account H (together with Account I, the “Separate Accounts”) to substitute shares of the International Equity Index Fund (the “Hancock International Fund”) for their shares of the Templeton Foreign Securities Fund (the “Templeton Foreign Fund”); (2) Account JF and Account H to substitute shares of the International Opportunities Fund (the “Hancock International Opportunities Fund”) for their shares of the Templeton Developing Markets Securities Fund (the “Templeton Developing Fund”); Start Printed Page 18309and (3) all of the Separate Accounts to substitute shares of the AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund (together with the Hancock International Fund and the Hancock International Opportunities Fund, the “Replacing Funds”) for their shares of the AIM V.I. Growth Fund (together with the Templeton Foreign Fund and the Templeton Developing Fund, the “Replaced Funds”). 
Hearing or Notification of Hearing:
An order granting the application will be issued unless the Commission orders a hearing. Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the Secretary of the Commission and serving Applicants with a copy of the request, personally or by mail. Hearing requests must be received by the Commission by 5:30 p.m. on April 30, 2003 and should be accompanied by proof of service on Applicants in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of service. Hearing requests should state the nature of the writer's interest, the reason for the request, and the issues contested. Persons who wish to be notified of a hearing may request notification by writing to the Secretary of the Commission. 
ADDRESSES:
Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, 450 Fifth Street, NW., Washington, DC 20549-0609; Applicants, c/o Arnold R. Bergman, Esq., John Hancock Life Insurance Company, John Hancock Place, PO Box 111, Boston MA 02117. Copy to Foley & Lardner, 3000 K Street, NW., Washington, DC, 20007, for the attention of Thomas C. Lauerman, Esq. 
Start Further Info
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Harry Eisenstein, Senior Counsel, at (202) 942-0552 or Zandra Bailes, Branch Chief, Office of Insurance Products, Division of Investment Management at (202) 942-0670. 
End Further Info
End Preamble
Start Supplemental Information
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
The following is a summary of the application. The complete application is available for a fee from the Commission's Public Reference Branch, 450 Fifth Street, NW., Washington, DC 20549 (Phone: (202) 942-8090). 
Applicants' Representations 
1. John Hancock is a stock life insurance company organized under the laws of Massachusetts. John Hancock is a publicly-held financial services company whose primary business is life insurance and annuities. 
2. JHVLICO is a wholly-owned subsidiary of John Hancock organized under the laws of Massachusetts. JHVLICO is a stock life insurance company whose primary business is life insurance and annuities. 
3. Account S is a separate investment account established by JHVLICO under Massachusetts law to fund variable life insurance policies issued by JHVLICO. Account S is registered under the Act as a unit investment trust (File No. 811-7782). 
4. The variable life insurance policies Funded by Account S that are affected by this application are as follows: Medallion Executive Variable Life (“MEVL”), MEVL II, and MEVL III, interests under all of which are also registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “1933 Act”) (File No. 333-425); Majestic Variable Universal Life (“MVUL”), and MVUL 98, interests under both of which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-15075); Variable Master Plan Plus (“VCOLI”), interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 33-79108); Majestic VCOLI (“MVCOLI”), interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-60274); and Variable Estate Protection (“VEP”), Majestic Variable Estate Protection (“MVEP”), MVEP98, and VEP Plus, interests under all of which also are registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 33-64366); and VEP Edge, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 33-55172). 
5. Account UV is a separate investment account established by John Hancock under Massachusetts law to fund variable life insurance policies issued by John Hancock. Account UV is registered under the Act as a unit investment trust (File No. 811-7766). 
6. The variable life insurance policies funded by Account UV that are affected by this application are as follows: VEP (NY), interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 33-64364); VEP Plus—NY, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-73082); VEP Edge—NY, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-73072); MVUL98-NY, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-42378); MVEP98-NY, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-73444); MEVL III-NY, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-63654); MVL Plus—NY, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 70734); MVL Edge—NY, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-70746); and VCOLI-NY, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-67744). 
7. Account U is a separate investment account established by JHVLICO under Massachusetts law to fund variable life insurance policies issued by JHVLICO. Account U is registered under the Act as a unit investment trust (File No. 811-3068). 
8. The Account U variable life insurance policies affected by this application are as follows: MVL Plus, and MVL Edge, interests under both of which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File Nos. 33-76660 and 333-52128, respectively); and eVariable Life, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-50312).
9. Account JF is a separate investment account established by JHVLICO under Massachusetts law to fund variable annuity contracts issued by JHVLICO. Account JF is registered under the Act as a unit investment trust (File No. 811-07451). 
10. The Account JF variable annuity contracts affected by this application are as follows: Revolution Access, Revolution Extra, Revolution Standard, and Revolution Value, interests under all of which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File Nos. 333-84769, 333-84767, 333-84763, and 333-81127, respectively). 
11. Account I is a separate investment account established by JHVLICO under Massachusetts law to fund variable annuity contracts issued by JHVLICO. Account I is registered under the Act as a unit investment trust (File No. 811-8696). 
12. The only Account I variable life insurance policy affected by this application is eVariable Annuity, interests under which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 333-16949). 
13. Account H is a separate investment account established by John Hancock under Massachusetts law to fund variable annuity contracts issued by John Hancock. Account H is registered under the Act as a unit investment trust (File No. 811-07711). 
14. The Account H contracts affected by this application are as follows: Revolution Access, Revolution Extra, Revolution Standard, and Revolution Value, interests under all of which are also registered under the 1933 Act (File Nos. 333-84771, 333-84783, 333-84765 and 333-81103, respectively). 
15. Purchase payments under the variable life insurance policies and variable annuity contracts identified above (collectively, the “Contracts”) are allocated to one or more subaccounts (“Subaccounts”) of the Separate Accounts. 
16. Income, gains and losses, whether or not realized, from assets allocated to a Separate Account are, as provided in the Contracts, credited to or charged Start Printed Page 18310against that Separate Account without regard to other income, gains or losses of John Hancock or JHVLICO. The assets maintained in the Separate Accounts will not be charged with any liabilities arising out of any other business conducted by John Hancock or JHVLICO. Nevertheless, all of the obligations of each of those companies arising under the Contracts, including its commitment to make cash value payments, annuity payments or death benefit payments, are general corporate obligations of that company. Accordingly, all of the assets of John Hancock or JHVLICO, as the case may be, are available to meet its obligations under its Contracts. 
17. Each Separate Account meets the definition of “separate account” contained in section 37 of the Act. 
18. Each of the Contracts permits its owner to allocate the Contract's accumulated value among numerous available Subaccounts, each of which invests in a different investment portfolio (“Fund”) of an underlying mutual fund. Each of the Contracts has at least 32 different Subaccounts that, together with their corresponding Funds (including the applicable Replaced Funds), are currently available for this purpose. 
19. Each Contract permits its owner to transfer the Contract's accumulated value from one Subaccount to another Subaccount of the issuing Separate Account at any time, subject to certain potential restrictions and charges described below. No sales charge applies to such a transfer of accumulated value among Subaccounts. 
20. The only other charges on such transfers are, under certain Contracts, flat dollar amounts that may be assessed to help defray the administrative costs of effecting the transfers. In some cases, the Contracts permit up to a specified number of free transfers in a Contract year, before any such transfer charge may be imposed. Also, under certain Contracts, no transfer is permitted if it would result in the Contract being invested in more than 18 investment options over the life of the Contract (“Lifetime Cap”) or, after the annuity payment commencement date, in more than four investment options at any one time. 
21. John Hancock or JHVLICO, as applicable, has reserved the right to make certain changes, including to substitute, for the shares held in any Subaccount, the shares of another Fund or the shares of another underlying mutual fund, as stated in each prospectus for the Contracts contained in its applicable registration statement under the 1933 Act. 
The Funds 
22. The Templeton Foreign Fund and the Templeton Developing Fund are separate Portfolios of the Franklin Templeton Variable Insurance Products Trust (the “Templeton Trust”). The Templeton Trust is registered as a management investment company under the Act (File No. 811-5583), and the shares in each of its portfolios (including the Templeton Foreign Fund and the Templeton Developing Fund) are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 33-23493). 
23. Both the Templeton Foreign Fund and the Templeton Developing Fund issue more than one “class” of shares, which differ only as to charges they impose for sales and administrative services. In each case, the Contracts use only the “Class 2” shares, which impose an asset-based sales charge pursuant to rule 12b-1 under the Act (“Rule 12b-1 fee”) equal to .25% per annum of the Fund's average daily net assets. Apart from the investment management fees and other Fund operating expenses, which also affect the net asset values of their shares, these Funds impose no other charges or deductions on their shares. 
24. The AIM V.I. Growth Fund and the AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund are separate portfolios of the AIM Variable Insurance Funds (“AIM V.I. Funds”). The AIM Variable Insurance Funds is registered as a management investment company under the Act (File Nos. 811-07452), and the shares in each of its Portfolios (including the AIM V.I. Growth Fund and AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund) are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 33-57340). 
25. Each of the AIM V.I. Growth Fund and the AIM Premier Equity Fund issues more than one “class” of shares, which differ only as to charges that they impose for sales and administrative services. In each case, the Contracts use only the “Series I” shares of the AIM V.I. Growth Fund and the AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund, which do not impose any Rule 12b-1 fees or any other fees or charges, other than investment management fees and other operating expenses that affect the net asset value of their shares. 
26. The Hancock International Fund and the Hancock International Opportunities Fund are portfolios of the John Hancock Variable Series Trust I (the “Hancock Trust”). The Hancock Trust is registered as a management investment company under the Act (File No. 811-04990), and the shares in each of its portfolios (including the Hancock International Fund and the Hancock International Opportunities Fund) are also registered under the 1933 Act (File No. 33-2081). 
27. Both the Hancock International Fund and the Hancock International Opportunities Fund offer only one class of shares, and that class does not impose any Rule 12b-1 fee or any other fees or charges, other than investment management fees and other operating expenses that affect the net asset value of their shares. 
The Funds' Investment Program 
28. The Templeton Foreign Fund is managed by Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC, which has no affiliation with John Hancock.
29. The investment objective of the Templeton Foreign Fund is long-term capital growth. The Fund is an international fund that seeks to achieve its objective by investing primarily in equity securities of large to medium size companies outside the U.S. The Fund's current policy is, under normal circumstances, to invest at least 80% of its assets in non-U.S. companies. The Fund's investment philosophy is “bottom-up,” long-term, and value oriented. 
30. The Hancock International Fund is managed by John Hancock and sub-advised by Independence Investment LLC, which is indirectly wholly-owned by John Hancock. The investment objective of the Hancock International Fund is to track the performance of a broad-based equity index of foreign companies in developed and emerging markets. This Portfolio follows a “passive” investment strategy of owning a representative number of stocks in the index it seeks to track. The Fund is normally fully invested at all times. 
31. The index used by the Hancock International Fund is a composite that is weighted 90% to the Morgan Stanley Capital International (“MSCI”) Europe, Australia and Far East (“EAFE”) Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) Index. The MSCI EAFE GDP Index is an index of non-U.S. equities in developed countries, within which each country's representation is weighted in proportion to its gross-domestic product, while companies within each country are weighted by market capitalization. The remaining 10% of the composite consists of the MSCI Emerging Markets Free (“EMF”) Index. The MSCI EMF Index is a market capitalization-weighted index of emerging market stocks. 
32. The Templeton Developing Fund is managed by Templeton Asset Management Ltd., which has no affiliation with John Hancock. The investment objective of the Templeton Developing Fund is long-term capital Start Printed Page 18311appreciation. The Fund seeks to attain this objective by investing primarily in stocks of “emerging markets” companies, and, under normal circumstances, it invests at least 80% of its assets in such companies. The Fund's investment philosophy is “bottom-up,” value oriented, and long-term. 
33. The Hancock International Opportunities Fund is managed by John Hancock and is sub-advised by T. Rowe Price International, Inc. The investment objective of this Fund is long-term capital appreciation. The Fund seeks to achieve this objective by investing primarily in the stocks of large established and medium sized companies located outside the U.S., primarily in developed countries and, to a lesser extent, in emerging markets. The Fund's investment philosophy entails fundamental research on individual companies, combined with stock selection of companies with certain growth characteristics. In addition, the Hancock International Opportunities Fund broadly diversifies, whereas the Templeton Developing Fund may, at times, have significant investments in one or more countries and or sectors. 
34. The AIM V.I. Growth Fund is managed by AIM Advisors, Inc., which has no affiliation with John Hancock. The investment objective of the AIM V.I. Growth Fund is capital growth. The Fund seeks to meet its objective by investing principally in seasoned and better capitalized companies considered to have strong earnings momentum. The portfolio managers focus on companies that have experienced above-average growth in earnings and have excellent prospects for future growth. 
35. The AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund also is managed by AIM Advisors, Inc. The investment objective of the AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund is long-term capital growth. Income is a secondary investment objective. The Fund seeks to meet its objective by investing, normally, at least 80% of its net assets in equity securities, including convertible securities. The portfolio managers focus on undervalued equity securities. 
Fund Financial Information
36. The net assets of each Fund as of December 31, 2003 were as follows: 
FundNet assetsTempleton Foreign$697,780,000Hancock International98,917,000Templeton Developing306,406,000Hancock International Opportunities87,288,000AIM V.I. Growth363,992,000AIM V.I. Premier Equity1,530,359,000
37. Of the net assets shown above for each Replaced Fund, the following amounts were attributable to Contracts, and thus would have been transferred pursuant to the Substitutions described herein: Templeton Foreign $7,830,000; Templeton Developing, $3,823,000; and AIM V.I., Growth $27,559,000. 
38. The total fees and expenses of the Funds for the twelve months ended December 31, 2003, expressed as an annual percentage of average daily net assets, were as follows: 
FundTotal  expenses  
               (including advisory fees and  
               12b-1 fees) (Percent)Templeton Foreign1.13Hancock International*.28Templeton Developing1.83Hancock International Opportunities*1.24AIM V.I. Growth.91AIM Premier Equity.85* Includes expense reimbursement. This percentage would otherwise have been .46% for the Hancock International Fund and 1.25% for the Hancock International Opportunities Fund. No expenses or fees for the other funds were waived or reimbursed.
The expense reimbursement arrangements referred to above are provided for in each affected Fund's Investment Management Agreement. 
39. The Fund's investment advisory and Rule 12b-1 fee rates (as an annual percentage of average daily net assets) are as follows: 
FundAdvisory fees rateRule 12b-1 fee rateTempleton Foreign.75% of first $200 million, .675% of next $1.1 billion, and .60% of additional amounts.25%.Hancock International.18% of the first $100 million, 15% of the next $100 million, and .11% of additional amountsNone.Templeton Developing1.25%.25%.Hancock International Opportunities1.30% of first $20 million, 1.15% of next $30 million, and 1.05% of additional amountsNone.AIM V.I. Growth and AIM V.I. Premier Equity.65% of the first $250 million and .60% of additional amountsNone.
40. Neither the Templeton Foreign Fund nor the Hancock International Fund has achieved performance that is clearly superior or inferior to that of the other. 
41. The overall performance record of the Hancock International Opportunities Fund has been superior to that of the Templeton Developing Fund.
42. The overall performance record of the AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund has been superior to that of the AIM V.I. Growth Fund. 
Terms of Substitutions 
43. Each Substitution will take place at the applicable Funds' relative per share net asset values determined on the date of the Substitution in accordance with section 22 of the Act and rule 22c-1 thereunder. Each Substitution will be effected by having each Subaccount that invests in a Replaced Fund redeem its shares of the Replaced Fund at the net asset value calculated on the date of the Substitution and purchase shares of the appropriate Replacing Fund at the net asset value calculated on the same date. 
44. John Hancock and JHVLICO will pay all expenses and transaction costs of the Substitutions, including all legal, accounting, and brokerage expenses relating to the Substitutions, the below-described disclosure documents, and this application. No costs will be borne directly or indirectly by Contract owners. 
45. Affected Contract owners will not incur any fees or charges as a result of the Substitutions, and the Substitutions will result in no change in their accumulated values under their Contracts. Nor will the rights or the obligations of John Hancock or JHVLICO under the Contracts, or the insurance benefits to Contract owners, be altered in any way. The Substitutions will not cause the fees and charges under the Contracts currently being paid by Contract owners to be greater after the Substitutions than before the Substitutions. Start Printed Page 18312

46. The Substitutions requested in this application will be described in supplements to the applicable prospectuses for the Contracts filed with the Commission or in other supplemental disclosure documents, (collectively, “Supplements”) and mailed to all affected Contract owners. Each Supplement will give the relevant Contract owners notice of each Substitution that would affect their respective Contracts and will describe the reasons for engaging in that Substitution. The Supplements will also inform existing Contract owners with values allocated to a Subaccount investing in a Replaced Fund that no additional amounts may be allocated to the Subaccounts that invest in that Fund on or after the date of Substitution. 
47. In addition, the affected Contract owners will have (and the Supplements will inform them that they have) an opportunity to reallocate their accumulated value: 

Prior to a Substitution, from the Subaccount investing in the Replaced Fund in that Substitution, or 
For 30 days after a Substitution, from a Subaccount investing in the Replacing Fund in that Substitution 

to one or more Subaccounts investing in other Funds available under the applicable Contract without the reallocation resulting in any transfer charge or limitation, counting toward the Lifetime Cap, or diminishing the number of free transfers that otherwise may be made in a given Contract year. 
48. Each affected Contract owner will also be provided with a prospectus for each relevant Replacing Fund, which will accompany or precede the Supplement discussed above. 
49. Within five days after a Substitution, John Hancock and JHVLICO each will send to its affected Contract owners written confirmation that the Substitutions have occurred. The confirmations will also identify the shares of the Replaced Portfolios that have been eliminated and the shares of the Replacing Portfolios that have been substituted. That confirmation will reiterate the free transfer rights disclosed in the Supplements that such owners will have previously received.
50. The Substitutions will in no way alter the tax treatment of owners in connection with their Contracts, and no tax liability will arise for Contract owners as a result of the Substitutions. 
Applicants' Legal Analysis 
1. According to Applicants, the legislative history makes it clear that the purpose of section 26(c) is to protect the expectation of investors in a unit investment trust that the unit investment trust will accumulate shares of a particular issuer. Applicants state that section 26(c) does this by preventing unscrutinized substitutions, which might, in effect, force shareholders dissatisfied with the replacing security to redeem their shares, thereby possibly incurring either a loss of any sales load deducted from their original investment, an additional sales load upon reinvestment of the redemption proceeds, or both. 
2. Applicants submit that all of the Substitutions will benefit Contract owners by moving them to Funds with lower overall expenses and equal or better performance record and prospects. 
3. Applicants also contend that the investment characteristics of each Replacing Fund are very similar to those of the corresponding Replaced Fund. In this connection, Applicants point out that the Hancock International Opportunities Fund is somewhat more conservative than the Templeton Developing Fund, and that the AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund is somewhat more conservative than the AIM V.I. Growth Fund. However, Applicants assert that the Hancock International Fund should not be considered to be either more or less conservative than the Templeton Foreign Fund. 
4. Applicants assert that the Substitutions will be effected in a manner that has no adverse economic consequences for Contract owners. In this regard, Applicants will afford affected Contract owners protection against increased expenses and changes, under terms described in Applicants' Condition 1, below. 
5. Applicants note that Contract owners who do not wish to participate in a Replacing Fund will have an opportunity to reallocate their accumulated value among other available Subaccounts without the imposition of any charge or limitation. 
6. The Substitution from AIM V.I. Growth Fund is to the much larger AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund, which, according to Applicants, has potential advantages to Contract owners in terms of economies of scale and diversification of portfolio investments. Applicants acknowledge that The Templeton Developing Fund is larger than the Hancock International Opportunities Fund and that the Templeton Foreign Fund is larger than the Hancock International Fund, which would replace it. Nevertheless, Applicants point out that, even without any reimbursement arrangement, the expense ratio of each Replaced Fund is higher than that of the corresponding Replacing Fund. 
7. To summarize, Applicants submit (a) that the Substitutions will benefit the affected Contract owners and will not entail any of the abuses against which section 26(c) is addressed, and (b) that the approvals Applicants request under section 26(c) are consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act. 
Applicants' Conditions 
As conditions to the approvals that Applicants seek, 
1. For each fiscal period (not to exceed a fiscal quarter) during the 24 months following the date of Substitution into the Hancock International Fund and the Hancock International Opportunities Fund, each of John Hancock and JHVLICO will adjust the Contract values invested in either of such Funds as a result of the Substitutions, to the extent necessary to effectively reimburse the affected owners for their proportionate share of any amount by which the annual rate of the Replacing Fund's total operating expenses (after any expense waivers or reimbursements) for that fiscal period, as a percentage of the Fund's average daily net assets, plus the annual rate of any asset-based charges (excluding any such charges that are for premium taxes) deducted under the terms of the owner's Contract for that fiscal period, exceed the sum of: 

The annualized rate of the corresponding Replaced Fund's total operating expenses, as a percentage of such replaced Fund's average daily net assets, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2002; plus 
The annual rate of any asset-based charges (excluding any such charges that are for premium taxes) deducted under that Contract for such twelve months. 

2. For a period of three years following the date of the Substitution of the AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund for the AIM V.I. Growth Fund, neither John Hancock nor JHVLICO will receive any direct or indirect benefits from AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund, any investment adviser or underwriter to that Fund, or any “affiliated person” (as that term is in section 2(a)(3) of the Act) of any of them, that exceed the rate of any benefits that such insurance company directly or indirectly has been receiving from AIM V.I. Growth Fund, any investment adviser or underwriter to that Fund, or any affiliated person of any of them. For this purpose, “benefits” shall be construed to include any investment advisory fees, payments pursuant to rule 12b-1 plans, shareholder or other service fees, Start Printed Page 18313administrative fees, revenue sharing payments, or other similar payments in connection with assets subject to the Substitution (whether such benefits are with respect to the AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund or part of an overall relationship with AIM V.I. Funds, any investment adviser or underwriter to any of such Fund, or any affiliated person of any of them). In this connection, Applicants also represent that neither such Substitution nor the selection of AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund as a Replacing Fund have been motivated by the receipt or promised receipt by John Hancock, JHVLICO or any of their affiliated persons of any benefit or other thing of value from AIM V.I. Premier Equity Fund, any investment adviser or underwriter to such Fund, or any affiliated person of any of them. 
Start Signature
For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management, pursuant to delegated authority. 
Margaret H. McFarland, 
Deputy Secretary. 
End Signature
End Supplemental Information

[FR Doc. 03-9261 Filed 4-14-03; 8:45 am] 
BILLING CODE 8010-01-P


Published Document 



















Home

Home



Sections

Money
Environment
World
Science & Technology
Business & Industry
Health & Public Welfare



Browse

Agencies
Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
Dates
Public Inspection
Executive Orders



Search

Document Search
Advanced Document Search
Public Inspection Search





Reader Aids

Office of the Federal Register Blog
Using FederalRegister.Gov
Understanding the Federal Register
Recent Site Updates
Videos & Tutorials
Developer Resources
Government Policy and OFR Procedures



My FR

My Clipboard
My Subscriptions
My Comments
Sign In



Social Media

Facebook
Twitter



Information

About This Site
Legal Status
Contact Us
Privacy
Accessibility
FOIA
No Fear Act
Continuity Information







    Site Feedback
  















 HANCOCK JOHN MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV (Form: 485BPOS, Received: 03/06/1996 00:00:00) 











As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 1996




Registration No. 33-63842






SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION



Washington, D.C.  20549






FORM S-6


Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to

Registration Statement Under


THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933




JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV


(Exact name of trust)



JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY


(Name of depositor)



JOHN HANCOCK PLACE

BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02117


(Complete address of depositor's principal executive offices)




FRANCIS C. CLEARY, JR., ESQ.

JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

JOHN HANCOCK PLACE, BOSTON, 02117


(Name and complete address of agent for service)




Copy to:

GARY O. COHEN, ESQ.


Freedman, Levy, Kroll & Simonds

1050 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.

Washington, D.C.  20036


It is proposed that this filing become effective (check appropriate box)


/_/immediately upon filing pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485
/X/on March 11, 1996 pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485
/_/60 days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 485
/_/on (date) pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 485


If appropriate check the following box


/_/this post-effective amendment designates a new effective date for a
previously filed amendment


Pursuant to the provisions of Rule 24f-2, Registrant has registered an
indefinite amount of the securities being offered and filed its Notice for
fiscal year 1995 pursuant to Rule 24f-2 on February 22, 1996.








CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE







Form N-8B-2 Item                 Caption in Prospectus
- ----------------                 ---------------------

1, 2                             Cover, The Account and The Series
                                 Funds, John Hancock

3                                Inapplicable

4                                Cover, Distribution of Policies

5,6                              The Account and The Series Funds,
                                 State Regulation

7, 8, 9                          Inapplicable

10(a),(b),(c),(d),(e)            Principal Policy Provisions

10(f)                            Voting Privileges

10(g),(h)                        Changes in Applicable
                                 Law--Funding and Otherwise

10(i)                            Appendix--Other Policy
                                 Provisions, The Account and
                                 The Series Funds

11, 12                           Summary, The Account and Series
                                 Funds, Distribution of Policies

13                               Charges and expenses,
                                 Appendix--Illustration of Death
                                 Benefits, Surrender Values and
                                 Accumulated Premiums

14, 15                           Summary, Distribution of
                                 Policies, Premiums

16                               The Account and The Series Funds

17                               Summary, Principal Policy
                                 Provisions

18                               The Account and The Series Funds,
                                 Tax Considerations

19                               Reports

20                               Changes in Applicable
                                 Law--Funding and Otherwise

21                               Principal Policy Provisions

22                               Principal Policy Provisions













23                               Distribution of Policies

24                               Not Applicable

25                               John Hancock

26                               Not Applicable

27,28,29,30                      John Hancock, Board
                                 of Directors and Executive
                                 Officers of John Hancock

31,32,33,34                      Not Applicable

35                               John Hancock

37                               Not Applicable

38,39,40,41(a)                   Distribution of Policies,
                                 John Hancock,
                                 Charges and Expenses

42, 43                           Not Applicable

44                               The Account and The Series Funds,
                                 Principal Policy Provisions,
                                 Appendix--Illustration of Death
                                 Benefits, Surrender Values and
                                 Accumulated Premiums

45                               Not Applicable

46                               The Account and The Series Funds,
                                 Principal Policy Provisions,
                                 Appendix--Illustration of Death
                                 Benefits, Surrender Values and
                                 Accumulated Premiums

47                               Not Applicable

48,49,50                         Not Applicable

51                               Principal Policy Provisions,
                                 Appendix--Other Policy
                                 Provisions

52                               The Account and The Series Funds,
                                 Changes in Applicable
                                 Law--Funding and Otherwise

53,54,55                         Not Applicable

56,57,58,59                      Not Applicable













                                            John Hancock Mutual Life
      (ART)                                    Insurance Company

                                                             (John Hancock)









SCHEDULED PREMIUM VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE POLICY

JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV




LIFE AND ANNUITY SERVICES

P.O. BOX 111

BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02117




TELEPHONE 1-800-REAL LIFE (1-800-732-5543) FAX 617-572-5410




PROSPECTUS MARCH 11, 1996



The scheduled premium variable life policy ("Policy") described in this
Prospectus can be funded, at the discretion of the Owner, by up to ten of the
variable subaccounts of John Hancock Mutual Variable Life Insurance Account UV
("Account"), by a fixed subaccount (the "Fixed Account"), or by a combination
of the Fixed Account and up to nine of the variable subaccounts (collectively,
"the subaccounts"). The assets of each variable subaccount will be invested in
a corresponding Portfolio of John Hancock Variable Series Trust I, a mutual
fund advised by John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company ("John Hancock") or
of M Fund, Inc., a mutual fund advised by M Financial Investment Advisers,
Inc. (collectively, the "Funds"). The assets of the Fixed Account will be
invested in the general account of John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company
("John Hancock").


The prospectuses for the Funds, which are attached to this Prospectus,
describe the investment objectives, policies and risks of investing in the
Portfolios of Variable Series Trust I: Stock, Select Stock, Bond, Money
Market, Managed, Real Estate Equity, International, Special Opportunities and
Short-Term U.S. Government and in the Portfolios of M Fund Inc.: Edinburgh
Overseas Equity, Turner Core Growth and Frontier Capital Appreciation.


Replacing existing insurance with a Policy described in this Prospectus may
not be to your advantage.



THIS PROSPECTUS SHOULD BE READ AND RETAINED FOR FUTURE REFERENCE.

IT IS NOT VALID UNLESS ATTACHED TO A CURRENT PROSPECTUS FOR THE FUND.



THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR HAS THE COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR
ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL
OFFENSE.






TABLE OF CONTENTS







                                                                            Page
SUMMARY....................................................................   1
JOHN HANCOCK...............................................................   6
THE ACCOUNT AND THE SERIES FUNDS...........................................   6
THE FIXED ACCOUNT..........................................................   9
POLICY PROVISIONS AND BENEFITS.............................................   9
  Requirements for Issuance of Policy......................................   9
  Premiums.................................................................  10
  Account Value and Surrender Value........................................  13
  Death Benefits...........................................................  13
  Value Options............................................................  14
  Partial Withdrawal of Excess Value.......................................  15
  Transfers Among Subaccounts..............................................  16
  Telephone Transfers and Policy Loans.....................................  16
  Loan Provisions and Indebtedness.........................................  17
  Default and Options on Lapse.............................................  17
  Exchange Privilege.......................................................  18
CHARGES AND EXPENSES.......................................................  18
  Charges Deducted from Premiums...........................................  18
  Sales Charges............................................................  19
  Reduced Charges for Eligible Groups......................................  20
  Charges Deducted from Account Value......................................  20
DISTRIBUTION OF POLICIES...................................................  23
TAX CONSIDERATIONS.........................................................  24
  Policy Proceeds..........................................................  24
  Charge for John Hancock's Taxes..........................................  24
  Corporate and H.R. 10 Plans..............................................  25
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF JOHN HANCOCK..................  26
REPORTS....................................................................  27
VOTING PRIVILEGES..........................................................  27
CHANGES IN APPLICABLE LAW--FUNDING AND OTHERWISE...........................  28
STATE REGULATION...........................................................  28
LEGAL MATTERS..............................................................  28
REGISTRATION STATEMENT.....................................................  28
EXPERTS....................................................................  29
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.......................................................  29
APPENDIX--OTHER POLICY PROVISIONS..........................................  57
APPENDIX--ILLUSTRATION OF DEATH BENEFITS, SURRENDER VALUES AND
 ACCUMULATED PREMIUMS......................................................  59







THE POLICY DESCRIBED HEREIN IS AVAILABLE ONLY IN NEW YORK. THIS PROSPECTUS
DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFERING IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. NO PERSON IS
AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING OTHER
THAN THOSE CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS.






INDEX OF DEFINED WORDS AND PHRASES



Below are listed certain words and phrases used in this Prospectus, together
with identification of the page on which each is defined or explained:






                                                                     PAGE
                                                                     -----
Account Value.......................................................    13
Attained Age........................................................    14
Basic Death Benefit.................................................    13
Basic Premium.......................................................    10
Benchmark Value.....................................................    14
Contingent Deferred Sales Charge....................................    19
Current Death Benefit...............................................    14
Death Benefit Factor................................................    14
Excess Value........................................................    14
Experience Component................................................    14
Extra Death Benefit.................................................    14
Fixed Account.......................................................     8
Grace Period........................................................    18
Guaranteed Death Benefit............................................    13
Home Office.........................................................     6
Indebtedness........................................................    17
Investment Rule.....................................................    12
Issue Charge........................................................    21
Level Schedule......................................................    11
Loan Account........................................................    17
Minimum First Premium...............................................    10
Modified Schedule...................................................    11
Premium Component...................................................    14
Premium Credit Factor...............................................    15
Premium Processing Charge...........................................    19
Premium Recalculation...............................................    10
Required Premium....................................................    10
Subaccount.......................................................... Cover
Sum Insured at Issue................................................    15
Surrender Value.....................................................    13
Valuation Date......................................................     8
Value Option........................................................    14











SUMMARY




WHAT IS THE VARIABLE LIFE POLICY BEING OFFERED?



John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company ("John Hancock") issues variable
life insurance Policies. The Policies described in this Prospectus are
scheduled annual premium policies that provide for additional premium
flexibilities. John Hancock also issues other forms of variable life insurance
policies. These other policies are offered by means of other prospectuses, but
use the same Account and underlying Fund.


As explained below, the death benefit and surrender value under the Policy
may increase or decrease daily. The Policies differ from ordinary fixed-
benefit life insurance in the way they work. However, the Policies are the
same as fixed-benefit life insurance in providing lifetime protection against
economic loss resulting from the death of the person insured. The Policies are
primarily insurance and not investments.


The Policies work generally as follows: the Owner periodically gives John
Hancock enough premium to meet the premium schedule selected. John Hancock
takes from each premium an amount for expenses, taxes, and sales load. John
Hancock then places the rest of the premium into as many as ten subaccounts as
directed by the Owner. The assets allocated to each variable subaccount are
invested in shares of the corresponding Portfolio of the Fund. The currently
available Portfolios are identified on the cover of this Prospectus. The
assets allocated to the Fixed Account are invested in the general account of
John Hancock. During the year, John Hancock takes charges from each subaccount
and credits or charges each subaccount with its respective investment
performance. The insurance charge, which is deducted from the invested assets
attributable to each Policy ("Account Value"), varies monthly with the then
attained age of the insured and with the amount of insurance provided at the
start of each month.


The death benefit may increase or decrease daily depending on the investment
experience of the subaccounts to which premiums are allocated. In general, the
Current Death Benefit equals the Account Value times a factor ("Death Benefit
Factor") which depends upon the sex and attained age of the insured. If the
Account Value increases, the Current Death Benefit will increase, and, if the
Account Value decreases, the Current Death Benefit will decrease. However,
John Hancock guarantees that, regardless of the investment experience, the
death benefit payable will never be less than the amount of insurance
originally purchased in the absence of a subsequent partial surrender
("Guaranteed Death Benefit"). At issue, the death benefit payable upon the
death of the insured will usually be the Guaranteed Death Benefit. This is
because the first premium payment generally will not result in a large enough
Account Value to cause the Current Death Benefit to exceed the Guaranteed
Death Benefit initially. Whether or not it reaches or exceeds the Guaranteed
Death Benefit depends upon the timing and amount of the premium payments, the
investment experience, the activity under the Policy with respect to Policy
loans, additional benefits and the like, the charges made against the Policy,
and the attained age of the insured. Once the Current Death Benefit reaches
the Guaranteed Death Benefit, the Owner bears the investment risk for any
amount above the Guaranteed Death Benefit, and John Hancock bears the
investment risk for the Guaranteed Death Benefit.


The initial Account Value is basically the sum of the amounts of the premium
that John Hancock, at the direction of the Owner, places in the Account and in
the Fixed Account. The Account Value increases or decreases daily depending on
the investment experience of the subaccounts to which the amounts are
allocated. John Hancock does not guarantee a minimum amount of Account Value.
Therefore, the Owner bears the investment risk for that portion of the Account
Value allocated to the variable subaccounts. The Owner may surrender a Policy
at any time while the insured is living. The Surrender Value is the Account
Value less the


1





sum of any unpaid Issue Charge and any Contingent Deferred Sales Charge and
less any Indebtedness. If the Owner surrenders in the early policy years, the
amount of Surrender Value would be low (as compared with other investments
without sales charges) and, consequently, the insurance protection provided
prior to surrender would be costly.


The minimum initial death benefit that may be bought is $25,000 for insureds
less than 25 years of age at the time of issue of the Policy and $50,000 for
insureds with ages 25 through 75 at issue. All persons insured must meet
certain health and other criteria called "underwriting standards." The smoking
status of the insured is generally reflected in the insurance charges made. If
the minimum death benefit at issue is at least $100,000, the insured may be
eligible for the "preferred" class which has the lowest insurance charges for
this Policy. Policies issued in certain jurisdictions or in connection with
certain employee plans will not directly reflect the sex of the insured in
either the premium rates or the charges and values under the Policy.



WHAT IS THE AMOUNT OF THE PREMIUMS?



Premiums are determined under one of two premium schedules selected by the
Owner. Under the Level Schedule, premiums are fixed for the life of the
Policy. Under the Modified Schedule, a lower fixed premium is applicable which
does not vary until the Policy anniversary nearest the insured's 72nd
birthday. On this date, in the absence of an earlier election by the Owner,
the Policy premium is automatically shifted to the Level Schedule and a new
fixed annual premium becomes payable on a scheduled basis. The new premium
depends upon the Policy's Guaranteed Death Benefit and Account Value at the
time of the premium recalculation. The Owner may request that the premium
recalculation take place on any Policy anniversary prior to that nearest the
insured's 72nd birthday. In addition to the premium schedule chosen, the
amount of the premium for a Policy depends upon the Sum Insured at Issue and
the insured's age and sex (unless the Policy is sex-neutral). Premiums are
payable annually or more frequently over the insured's lifetime. Additional
premiums are charged for Policies in cases involving extra mortality risks and
for additional insurance benefits. There is a 61-day grace period in which to
make premium payments due after the Minimum First Premium is received.


Within limits, scheduled premiums may be paid in advance and more than the
scheduled premiums may be paid. If the Account Value under a Policy is
sufficiently high, a premium payment otherwise scheduled need not be paid.

(See "Premiums", Page 9.)



WHAT IS JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV?



The Account is a separate investment account of John Hancock, operated as a
unit investment trust, which supports benefits payable under the Policies.
Each variable subaccount within the Account is invested in a corresponding
Portfolio of John Hancock Variable Series Trust I, or of M Fund, Inc., each of
which is a "series" type of mutual fund. The Portfolios of the Fund which are
currently available are Stock, Select Stock, Bond, Money Market, Managed, Real
Estate Equity, International, Special Opportunities and Short-Term U.S.
Government, Edinburgh Overseas Equity, Turner Core Growth and Frontier Capital
Appreciation.


John Hancock receives a fee from John Hancock Variable Series Trust I for
providing investment management services with respect to the Stock, Bond and
Money Market Portfolios at an annual rate of .25% of the net assets with
respect to the Select Stock and Managed Portfolios, at an annual rate of .40%
of the first $500 million of the net assets and at lesser percentages for
amounts above $500 million; with respect to the Short-Term U.S. Government
Portfolio at an annual rate of .50% of the first $250 million of the average
daily net assets and, at lesser percentages for amounts above $250 million;
with respect to the Real Estate Equity Portfolio, at an annual rate of .60% of
the first $300 million of the net assets and at lesser percentages for amounts
above $300 million, and with respect to the International Portfolio, at an
annual rate of .60% of the first


2





$250 million of the net assets and at lesser percentages for amounts above
$250 million; and with respect to the Special Opportunities Portfolio, at an
annual rate of .75% of the first $250 million of the average daily net assets
and at lesser percentages for amounts above $250 million.


M Financial Investment Advisers, Inc., receives a fee from M Fund, Inc. for
providing investment management services with respect to the Overseas Equity
Portfolio at an annual rate of 1.05% of the first $10 million of the average
daily net assets and at an annual rate of .90% of the next $15 million of the
average daily net assets and at lesser percentages for amounts above $25
million; with respect to the Core Growth Portfolio at an annual rate of .45%
of the average daily net assets; and with respect to the Capital Appreciation
Portfolio at an annual rate of .90% of the average daily net assets.


For a full description of the Funds, see the prospectuses for the Funds
attached to this Prospectus.



WHAT ARE THE CHARGES MADE BY JOHN HANCOCK?



Premium Processing Charge. A charge not to exceed $2 is deducted from each
premium payment.


State Premium Tax Charge. A charge equal to 2 1/2% of each premium payment
after deduction of the Premium Processing Charge.


Sales Charge Deduction from Premium. A charge equal to 5% of each premium
payment after deduction of the Premium Processing Charge.


Contingent Deferred Sales Charge. A charge deducted from Account Value if
the Policy lapses or is surrendered during the first 11 Policy years. The
amount of the charge depends upon the year in which lapse or surrender occurs.
The charge will never be higher than 15% of premiums paid to date. The total
charge for sales expenses over the lesser of 20 years or the life expectancy
of the insured will not exceed 9% of the premium payments under the Policy,
assuming all required premiums are paid, over that period.


Issue Charges. A charge deducted monthly from Account Value in 48 equal
installments totalling $240 per Policy and 48c per $1000 of Sum Insured at
Issue.


Maintenance Charge. A charge deducted monthly from Account Value in an
amount equal to no more than $4 per Policy and 2c per $1000 of current Sum
Insured.


Insurance Charge. A charge based upon the amount at risk, the attained age
and risk classification of the insured and John Hancock's then current monthly
insurance rates (never to exceed rates based on the 1980 CSO Tables) deducted
monthly from Account Value.


Guaranteed Death Benefit Charges. A charge not to exceed 3c per $1000 of
current Sum Insured (currently 1c per $1000) deducted monthly from that
portion of Account Value not attributable to the Fixed Account allocations.
Upon any exercise of the Extra Death Benefit Option or the Basic Premium
Reduction Option, a one-time charge not to exceed 3% (currently 1 1/2%) of the
amount applied to exercise the option.


Charge for Mortality and Expense Risks. A charge made daily at an effective
annual rate of .60% of the assets of the Account.


Charges for Extra Mortality Risks. An additional premium, depending upon the
Sum Insured at Issue, age of the insured and the degree of additional
mortality risk, is required if the insured does not qualify for either the
preferred or standard underwriting class. This additional premium is collected
in two ways: up to 7 1/2% of each year's additional premium is deducted from
premiums when paid and 92 1/2% of each year's additional premium is deducted
monthly from Account Value in equal installments.


3





Charges for Additional Insurance Benefits. An additional premium is required
if the Owner elects to purchase an additional insurance benefit. This
additional premium is collected in two ways: up to 7 1/2% of each year's
additional premium is deducted from premiums when paid and 92 1/2% of the
additional premium is deducted monthly from Account Value in equal
installments.


Charge for Partial Withdrawal. A charge equal to the lesser of $25 or 2% of
the amount withdrawn made against Account Value at the time of withdrawal.


See "Charges and Expenses", Page 19, for a full description of the charges
under the Policy.



IS THERE A CHARGE AGAINST THE ACCOUNT FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX?



Currently no charge is made against any subaccount for Federal income taxes
but if John Hancock incurs, or expects to incur, income taxes attributable to
any subaccount or this class of Policies in future years, it reserves the
right to make a charge. John Hancock expects that it will continue to be taxed
as a life insurance company. (See "Charge for John Hancock's Taxes".)



WHAT IS THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PREMIUM AND THE AMOUNT ALLOCATED TO THE
SUBACCOUNTS?



The initial net premium is allocated by John Hancock from its general
account to one or more of the subaccounts on the date of issue of the Policy.
The initial net premium is the gross premium less a processing charge, the
charges deducted for sales expenses and state premium taxes. These charges
also apply to subsequent premium payments. Net premiums derived from payments
received after the issue date are allocated, generally on the date of receipt,
to one or more of the subaccounts as elected by the Owner. (See "Charges and
Expenses", Page 19).



HOW ARE AMOUNTS ALLOCATED TO EACH SUBACCOUNT?



At issue and subsequently thereafter, the Owner will provide us with the
rule ("Investment Rule") we will follow to invest net premiums or other
amounts in any one but not more than ten of the subaccounts. The Owner may
change the Investment Rule under which John Hancock will allocate amounts to
subaccounts. (See "Investment Rule".)



WHAT COMMISSIONS ARE PAID TO AGENTS?



The Policies are sold through agents who are licensed by state authorities
to sell John Hancock's insurance policies. Commissions payable to agents are
described under "Distribution of Policies". Sales expenses in any year are not
equal to the deduction for sales load, including any Contingent Deferred Sales
Charge, in that year. Rather, total sales expenses under the Policies are
intended to be recovered over the lifetimes of the insureds covered by the
Policies.



WHAT IS THE DEATH BENEFIT?



The death benefit payable is the greater of the Guaranteed Death Benefit,
including any Extra Death Benefit Value Option which may have been exercised,
or the Current Death Benefit. Whenever the Current Death Benefit exceeds the
Guaranteed Death Benefit, the death benefit will increase whenever there is an
increase in the Policy's Account Value and it will decrease whenever there is
a decrease in the Policy's Account Value but never below the Guaranteed Death
Benefit. (See "Death Benefits".)


4






HOW DOES THE ACCOUNT VALUE OF A POLICY VARY IN RELATION TO THE SUBACCOUNTS'
INVESTMENT EXPERIENCE?



In general, the Account Value for any day equals the Account Value for the
previous day, increased by any net premium placed in the subaccounts for the
Policy, decreased by any charges made against the Account Value, and increased
or decreased by the investment experience of the subaccounts. No minimum Account
Value for the Policy is guaranteed. (See "Surrender Value", Page 13.)



WHAT IS THE LOAN PROVISION AND HOW DOES A LOAN AFFECT THE DEATH BENEFIT,
ACCOUNT VALUE AND SURRENDER VALUE?



After the first Policy year the Owner may obtain a Policy loan. Assuming no
Indebtedness (see below), the maximum amount of any loan in Policy years two
and three is 75% of that portion of the Surrender Value attributable to
variable subaccount investments, plus 100% of that portion of the Surrender
Value attributable to Fixed Account investments; thereafter the maximum is 90%
of that portion of Surrender Value attributable to variable subaccount
investments, plus 100% of that portion of the Surrender Value attributable to
Fixed Account investments. Interest charged on any loan will accrue daily at
an annual rate determined by John Hancock at the start of each Policy Year.
This interest rate will not exceed the greater of (1) the "Published Monthly
Average" (see "Loan Provision and Indebtedness") for the calendar month ending
two months before the calendar month of the Policy anniversary or (2) 5%. A
loan plus accrued interest ("Indebtedness") may be repaid at the discretion of
the Owner in whole or in part in accordance with the terms of the Policy.


While a loan is outstanding, the rate of interest credited to the Account
Value because of the loan will usually be different than the net investment
experience of the subaccounts. Therefore, the Account Value, the Surrender
Value and any Death Benefit above the Guaranteed Death Benefit are permanently
affected by any loan.



IS THERE A SHORT-TERM CANCELLATION RIGHT?



The Owner may surrender a Policy by delivering or mailing it within 45 days
after the date of Part A of the application, or within 10 days after receipt
of the Policy by the Owner, or within 10 days after mailing by John Hancock of
the Notice of Withdrawal Right, whichever is latest, to John Hancock at
Boston, Massachusetts, or to the agent or agency office through which it was
delivered. Any premium paid on it will be refunded. If required by state law,
the refund will equal the Account Value at the end of the Valuation Period in
which the Policy is received plus all charges or deductions made against
premiums plus an amount reflecting charges against the subaccounts and the
investment management fee of the Funds.



WHAT IS THE EXCHANGE PRIVILEGE ALLOWED AN OWNER?



The Owner may transfer the entire Account Value in variable subaccounts
under a Policy to the Fixed Account at any time. The transfer will take effect
at the end of the Valuation Period in which John Hancock receives, at its Home
Office, notice satisfactory to John Hancock. (See "Exchange Privilege," Page
18.)



ARE THE BENEFITS UNDER A POLICY SUBJECT TO FEDERAL INCOME TAX?



There has been a determination by the Internal Revenue Service that death
benefits payable under variable life insurance policies (which appear to be
similar to those described in this Prospectus in all material respects) are
excludable from the beneficiary's gross income for Federal income tax
purposes. It is also believed that an


5





Owner will not be deemed to be in constructive receipt of the cash values of
the Policy until values are actually received through withdrawal, surrender or
other distributions. The benefits under Policies described in this Prospectus
are expected to receive the same tax treatment under the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986 as benefits under traditional fixed-benefit life insurance policies.


Under recent Federal tax legislation, distributions from Policies entered
into after June 20, 1988 on which premiums greater than a "7-pay" premium
limit (as defined in the law) have been paid, will be subject to taxation. See
"Flexibility as to Premium Payments" for a discussion of how the "7-pay"
premium limit may be exceeded under a Policy. A distribution on such a Policy
(called by the law a "modified endowment contract") will be taxed to the
extent there is any income (gain) to the Owner and an additional tax may be
imposed on the taxable amount (See "Policy Proceeds" under "Tax
Considerations").



JOHN HANCOCK



John Hancock, a mutual life insurance company, is authorized to transact a
life insurance and annuity business in Massachusetts and all other states.


John Hancock is a company chartered in Massachusetts in 1862. Its Home
Office is at John Hancock Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02117. John Hancock's
assets are over $45 billion.



THE ACCOUNT AND THE SERIES FUNDS



The Account, a separate account established under Massachusetts law in 1993,
meets the definition of "separate account" under the Federal securities laws
and is registered as a unit investment trust under the Investment Company Act
of 1940 ("1940 Act").


The Account's assets are the property of John Hancock. Each Policy provides
that the portion of the Account's assets equal to the reserves and other
liabilities under the Policy shall not be chargeable with liabilities arising
out of any other business John Hancock may conduct. In addition to the assets
attributable to variable life policies, the Account's assets include assets
derived from charges made by John Hancock. From time to time these additional
assets may be transferred in cash by John Hancock to its general account.
Before making any such transfer, John Hancock will consider any possible
adverse impact the transfer might have on any subaccount. Additional premiums
are charged for Policies where the insured is classified as a substandard risk
and a portion of these premiums is allocated to the Account.


The Account is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"Commission") under the 1940 Act. Such registration does not involve the
supervision by the Commission of the management or policies of the Account or
John Hancock.


The assets in the subaccounts of the Account are invested in corresponding
Portfolios of the Funds, but the assets of one variable subaccount are not
necessarily legally insulated from liabilities associated with another
variable subaccount. New variable subaccounts may be added or existing
variable subaccounts may be deleted as new Portfolios are added to or deleted
from the Funds and made available to Owners.


6






THE SERIES FUNDS



Each Fund is a "series" type of mutual fund registered with the Commission
under the 1940 Act as an open-end diversified management investment company.
Each Fund serves as the investment medium for the Account and for other unit
investment trust separate accounts established for other variable life
insurance policies and for variable annuity contracts. (See the attached Fund
prospectuses for a description of a need to monitor for possible conflicts and
other consequences.) A very brief summary of the investment objectives of each
Portfolio is set forth below.



Stock Portfolio



The investment objective of this Portfolio is to achieve intermediate and
long-term growth of capital, with income as a secondary consideration. This
objective will be pursued by investments principally in common stocks (and in
securities convertible into or with rights to purchase common stocks) of
companies believed by management to offer growth potential over both the
intermediate and long-term.



Select Stock Portfolio



The investment objective of this Portfolio is to achieve above-average
capital appreciation through the ownership of common stocks of companies
believed by management to offer above-average capital appreciation
opportunities. Current income is not an objective of the Portfolio.



Bond Portfolio



The investment objective of this Portfolio is to provide as high a level of
long-term total rate of return as is consistent with prudent investment risk,
through investment in a diversified portfolio of freely marketable debt
securities. Total rate of return consists of current income, including
interest and discount accruals, and capital appreciation.



Money Market Portfolio



The investment objective of this Portfolio is to provide maximum current
income consistent with capital preservation and liquidity. It seeks to achieve
this objective by investing in a managed portfolio of high quality money
market instruments.



Managed Portfolio



The investment objective of this Portfolio is to achieve maximum long-term
total return consistent with prudent investment risk. Investments will be made
in common stocks, convertibles and other fixed income securities and in money
market instruments.



Real Estate Equity Portfolio



The investment objective of this Portfolio is to provide above-average
income and long-term growth of capital by investment principally in equity
securities of companies in the real estate and related industries.


International Portfolio. The investment objective of this Portfolio is to
achieve long-term growth of capital by investing primarily in foreign equity
securities.


Special Opportunities Portfolio. The investment objective of this Portfolio
is to achieve long-term capital appreciation by emphasizing investments in
equity securities of issuers in various economic sectors.


7





Short-Term U.S. Government Portfolio. The investment objective of this
Portfolio is to provide a high level of current income consistent with the
maintenance of principal, through investment in a portfolio of short-term U.S.
Treasury securities and U.S. Government agency securities.


John Hancock acts as the investment manager for the Portfolios described
above, and John Hancock's indirectly owned subsidiary, Independence Investment
Associates, Inc., with its principal place of business at 53 State Street,
Boston, Massachusetts, provides sub-investment advice with respect to the
Stock, Select Stock, Managed, Real Estate Equity and Short-Term U.S.
Government Portfolios. Another indirectly owned subsidiary, John Hancock
Advisers, Inc., located at 101 Huntington Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts, and
its subsidiary, John Hancock Advisers International, Limited, located at 34
Dover Street, London, England, provide sub-investment advice with respect to
the International Portfolio, and John Hancock Advisers, Inc. does likewise
with respect to the Bond and Special Opportunities Portfolios.


Edinburgh Overseas Equity Portfolio. Its investment objective is long-term
capital appreciation with reasonable investment risk through active management
and investment in common stock and common stock equivalents of foreign
issuers. Current income, if any, is incidental.


Turner Core Growth Portfolio. The investment objective of this Portfolio is
to seek long-term capital appreciation through a diversified portfolio of
common stocks that show strong earnings potential with reasonable market
prices.


Frontier Capital Appreciation Portfolio. This Portfolio seeks maximum
capital appreciation through investment in common stock of companies of all
sizes, with emphasis on stocks of small- to medium-capitalization companies.
Importance is placed on growth and price appreciation, rather than income.


M Financial Investment Advisers, Inc., acts as the investment manager for
the three Portfolios described above. Edinburgh Fund Managers PLC, provides
sub-investment advice to the Edinburgh Overseas Equity Portfolio; Turner
Investment Partners, Inc. provides sub-investment advice to the Turner Core
Growth Portfolio; and Frontier Capital Management Company, Inc., provides sub-
investment advice to the Frontier Capital Appreciation Portfolio.


John Hancock will purchase and redeem Fund shares for the Account at their
net asset value. Shares of the Fund represent an interest in one of the
Portfolios of the Fund which corresponds to the variable subaccount of the
Account. Any dividend or capital gains distributions received by the Account
will be reinvested in Fund shares at their net asset value as of the dates
paid.


On each Valuation Date, shares of each portfolio are purchased or redeemed
by John Hancock for each variable subaccount based on, among other things, the
amount of net premiums allocated to the variable subaccount, distributions
reinvested, transfers to, from and among variable subaccounts, all to be
effected as of that date. Such purchases and redemptions are effected at the
net asset value per Fund share for each Portfolio determined on that same
Valuation Date. A Valuation Date is any date on which the New York Stock
Exchange is open for trading and on which the Fund values its shares. A
Valuation Period is that period of time from the beginning of the day
following a Valuation Date to the end of the next following Valuation Date.


A full description of each Fund, its investment objectives, policies and
restrictions, its charges, expenses and all other aspects of its operation is
contained in the attached prospectuses and the statement of additional
information referred to therein, which should be read together with this
Prospectus.


8






THE FIXED ACCOUNT



An Owner may allocate premiums to the Fixed Account or transfer all or part
of the Account Value under a Policy to the Fixed Account. The amount so
allocated or transferred will become a part of John Hancock's general account
assets. John Hancock's general account consists of assets owned by John
Hancock other than those in the Account and in other separate accounts that
have been or may be established by John Hancock. Subject to applicable law,
John Hancock has sole discretion over the investment of assets of the general
account and Owners do not share in the investment experience of those assets.
Instead, John Hancock guarantees that the Account Value allocated to the Fixed
Account will accrue interest daily at an effective annual rate of at least 4%
without regard to the actual investment experience of the general account.
Consequently, if an Owner pays the scheduled premiums, allocates all net
premiums only to the Fixed Account, and makes no transfers, partial
withdrawals, or policy loans, the minimum amount and duration of the death
benefit will be determinable and guaranteed. Transfers from the Fixed Account
are subject to certain limitations (see "Transfers Among Subaccounts"), and
charges will vary somewhat for Account Value allocated to the Fixed Account.
See "Charges Deducted From Account Value".


The Account Value in the Fixed Account is equal to the portion of the net
premiums allocated to it, plus any amounts transferred to it and interest
credited to it, minus any charges deducted from it or partial withdrawals or
amounts transferred from it. John Hancock guarantees that interest credited to
the Account Value in the Fixed Account will not be less than an effective
annual rate of 4%. John Hancock may, in its sole discretion, credit a higher
rate although it is not obligated to do so. The Owner assumes the risk that
interest credited will not exceed 4% per year. Upon request and in the annual
statement, John Hancock will inform Owners of the then-applicable rate.


Because of exemptive and exclusionary provisions, interests in John
Hancock's general account have not been registered under the Securities Act of
1933 and the general account has not been registered as an investment company
under the 1940 Act. Accordingly, neither the general account nor any interests
therein are subject to the provisions of these Acts, and John Hancock has been
advised that the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission has not
reviewed the disclosure in this prospectus relating to the Fixed Account.
Disclosure regarding the Fixed Account may, however, be subject to certain
generally-applicable provisions of the Federal securities laws relating to
accuracy and completeness of statements made in prospectuses.



POLICY PROVISIONS AND BENEFITS



The discussions which follow under "Death Benefits", "Account Value" and
"Surrender Value" assume that there has been no Policy loan. Benefits and
values are affected if premiums are not paid as scheduled or if a Policy loan
is made. For the effect of a default in payment of premiums, see "Default and
Options on Lapse", and of a loan, see "Loan Provision and Indebtedness".



REQUIREMENTS FOR ISSUANCE OF POLICY



The Policy is generally available with a minimum Sum Insured at Issue of
$25,000 for insureds less than 25 years of age at the time of issue of the
Policy and minimum Sum Insured at Issue of $50,000 for insureds with ages 25
through 75 at issue. All persons insured must meet certain health and other
criteria called "underwriting standards". The smoking status of the insured is
reflected in the insurance charges made. If the Sum Insured at Issue is at
least $100,000, the insured may be eligible for the "preferred" underwriting
class of this Policy, which has the lowest insurance charges. Policies issued
in connection with certain employee plans will not


9





directly reflect the sex of the insured in either the premium rates or the
charges or values under the Policy. Accordingly, the illustrations, factors
and premiums set forth in this Prospectus may differ for such Policies.



PREMIUMS




Payment Schedule



Premiums are scheduled and payable during the lifetime of the insured in
accordance with John Hancock's established rules and rates. Premiums are
payable at John Hancock's Home Office on or before the due date specified in
the Policy. All Policies operate under the same schedule of due dates.


After the payment of the Minimum First Premium (see "Minimum Premium
Requirements" below) there are three scheduled due dates in the first Policy
year. Due dates are the last Valuation Date in the third, sixth and ninth
Policy months. In the second Policy year, the scheduled due dates are the last
Valuation Date in the sixth and twelfth Policy months. In the third and all
later Policy years, the scheduled due date is the last Valuation Date of the
Policy year.



Minimum Premium Requirements



An amount of Required Premium (see "Amount of Required Premium" below) is
determined at the start of each Policy year. Generally, the full amount of
Required Premium must be paid by the last scheduled due date of the Policy
year. In the first and second Policy years, however, there are additional
requirements.


In the first Policy year, a Minimum First Premium must be received by John
Hancock at its Home Office before the Policy is in full force and effect. The
Minimum First Premium is equal to the greater of $150 or one-fourth of the
Required Premium. Also in the first Policy year, one-half of the Required
Premium must be received on or before the last Valuation Date in the third
Policy month and three-quarters of the Required Premium must be received on or
before the last Valuation Date in the sixth Policy month.


In the second Policy year, one-half of the Required Premium for the second
Policy year must be received on or before the last Valuation Date in the sixth
Policy month.


Premium requirements are met by premium payments on a cumulative basis. For
example, the premium requirement on all scheduled due dates of the first
Policy year would be met if the full Required Premium for the first Policy
year were paid at issue of the Policy.


Generally, all premiums received are counted by John Hancock when it
determines whether the premium requirement is met on a scheduled due date.
This cumulative amount of premiums received is reduced for this purpose by
amounts withdrawn from the Premium Component of Excess Value and amounts
applied from the Premium Component to any Value Option other than the
Accumulate Option. The premium requirement will also be deemed satisfied on
the last Valuation Date of the second or any later Policy year if any Excess
Value is available on the scheduled due date. See "Value Options".


Failure to satisfy a premium requirement on a scheduled due date may cause
the Policy to terminate. See "Default and Options on Lapse".



Amount of Required Premium



The Required Premium determined at the start of each Policy year equals an
amount for the Basic Death Benefit ("Basic Premium") or $300 if the annual
Basic Premium is less than $300, plus any additional premium


10





because the insured is an extra mortality risk or because additional insurance
benefits have been purchased. The Basic Premium is a level amount that does
not change if the Level Schedule is selected. If the Modified Schedule is
selected, the Basic Premium does not change until the Premium Recalculation
occurs. See "Choice of Premium Schedule" and "Premium Recalculation".


If the Account Value on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the Policy
anniversary, when multiplied by the Death Benefit Factor on that Policy
anniversary , is equal to or greater than the Guaranteed Death Benefit, then
no Required Premium is applicable to the following Policy year. This means
that even if no premium is paid during the Policy year, the premium
requirement will be met on the scheduled due date at the end of the Policy
year. If applicable, Owners will be mailed a written notice by John Hancock
within 10 days after any Policy anniversary that no premium payment is
required in that Policy year.



Choice of Premium Schedule



At the time of application, the applicant can select either a Level Schedule
or a Modified Schedule as the basis for the Basic Premium on the Policy. The
Modified Schedule alternative is not available if the insured is over age 70
on the issue date of the Policy. If the Level Schedule is chosen, the Basic
Premium will never increase during the lifetime of the insured. With the Level
Schedule, the Basic Premium is completely insulated from any adverse
investment performance. If the Modified Schedule is chosen, the Basic Premium
is initially lower than under the Level Schedule. However, a Premium
Recalculation (described below) must occur no later than the Policy
anniversary nearest the insured's 72nd birthday. At the time of the Premium
Recalculation, John Hancock determines a new Basic Premium which is payable
through the remaining lifetime of the insured.


A comparison of the Basic Premiums at issue under the Level and Modified
Schedules for a Sum Insured at issue of $100,000 for a male is shown below:








Issue
 Age                        Level                    Modified
-----                       -----                    --------
 25                         $1,113                    $  708
 40                         $  954                    $1,305
 55                         $3,869                    $2,585









Premium Recalculation (Modified Schedule Only)



The Premium Recalculation applicable to any Policy on a Modified Schedule
may be elected by the Owner at any time after the first Policy anniversary up
to the Policy anniversary nearest the insured's 72nd birthday. If elected, the
Premium Recalculation will be effected on the Policy anniversary next
following receipt by John Hancock at its Home Office of satisfactory written
notice. If not elected sooner, the Premium Recalculation will be effected by
John Hancock on the Policy anniversary nearest the insured's 72nd birthday.


The new Basic Premium resulting from a Premium Recalculation may be less
than, equal to or greater than the original Basic Premium but it will never
exceed the maximum Basic Premium shown in the Policy. The new Basic Premium
depends on the insured's sex and age, the Guaranteed Death Benefit under the
Policy and the Account Value on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the
date of the Premium Recalculation.


A charge will be made if the new Basic Premium is below the Basic Premium on
the Level Schedule for the insured's age at issue of the Policy. The charge
(currently 1 1/2%) will not exceed 3% of the amount of Account Value applied
by John Hancock to reduce the new Basic Premium to an amount below the Basic
Premium which would have been payable on the Level Schedule for the insured's
age at issue. See "Guaranteed Death Benefit Charges".


11






Billing, Allocation of Premium Payments (Investment Rule)



The Owner may at any time elect to be billed by John Hancock for an amount
of premium greater than the Required Premium otherwise payable. The Owner may
also elect to be billed for premiums on an annual, semi-annual or quarterly
basis. An automatic check-writing program may be available to an Owner
interested in making monthly premium payments. A Premium Processing Charge,
not to exceed $2, is deducted from each premium payment. All premiums are
payable at John Hancock's Home Office.


Any premium payment will be processed by John Hancock as of the end of the
Valuation Period in which it is received, unless one of the three exceptions
noted below is applicable. Each premium payment will be reduced, first by the
Premium Processing Charge and then by the state premium tax charge and the
sales charge deducted from premiums. See "Charges and Expenses". The remainder
is the net premium.


The Owner at the time of application must elect an Investment Rule which
will allocate net premiums and any credits to any of the ten subaccounts. The
Owner must select allocation percentages in whole numbers, and the total
allocated must equal 100%. The Owner may thereafter change the Investment Rule
prospectively at any time. The change will be effective as to any net premiums
and credits applied after receipt at John Hancock's Home Office of notice
satisfactory to John Hancock.


There are three exceptions to the normal practice of processing a premium
payment as of the end of the Valuation Period in which it is received:


(1) A payment received prior to a Policy's issue date will be processed
as if received on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the
issue date.


(2) A payment made during a Policy's grace period will be processed as
of the scheduled due date to the extent it represents the amount of
premium in default; any excess will be processed as of the date of
receipt.


(3) If the Minimum First Premium is not received prior to the issue date,
each payment received thereafter will be processed as if received on the
Valuation Date immediately preceding the issue date until all of the
Minimum First Premium is received.


Flexibility as to Premium Payments


The Owner may pay more than the Required Premium during a Policy year and
may ask to be billed for an amount greater than any Required Premium. The
Owner may also pay amounts in addition to any billed amount. However, each
premium payment must be at least $25. John Hancock reserves the right to limit
premium payments above the amount of the cumulative Required Premiums due on
the Policy.


The ability to pay more than the Required Premium provides the Owner with
considerable payment flexibility in meeting the premium requirements of the
Policy. Consider a Policy with a $1,000 Required Premium and where the Owner
pays $1,250 in each of the first eight Policy years. If none of the additional
premium of $2,000 is applied under a Value Option (See "Value Options"), the
Policy will remain in force for at least ten years without any further premium
payments. During each of these ten years, the premium received ($1,250 a year
for eight years) at least equals the aggregate Required Premiums ($1,000 a
year for 10 years) on the scheduled due dates. In other words, the payment of
more than the Required Premium in a year can be relied upon to satisfy the
Required Premium requirements in later years. If, however, the Owner were to
apply $500 of the additional premium to a Value Option, then only $1,500 would
remain to meet Required Premiums. The Policy would remain in force for at
least 9 years but a payment of $500 may be necessary by the end of the tenth
Policy year to keep the Policy in force.


12





Recent Federal legislation has modified the tax treatment of certain policy
distributions such as loans, surrenders, partial surrenders, and withdrawals.
The application of this modified treatment to any Owner depends upon whether
premiums have been paid that exceed a "7-pay' premium as defined in the law.
The "7-pay' premium is greater than the Required Premium on the Policy but is
generally less than the amount an Owner may choose to pay and John Hancock
will accept. If the total premium paid exceeds the 7-pay limitation, the Owner
will be subject to the new tax rules on any distributions made from the
Policy. A material change in the Policy will result in a new "7-pay"
limitation and test period. A reduction in death benefit within the seven year
period following issuance of, or a material change in, the Policy may also
result in the application of the modified endowment treatment. See "Policy
Proceeds" under "Tax Considerations."



ACCOUNT VALUE AND SURRENDER VALUE



Amount of Account Value. The Account Value increases or decreases depending
upon a number of factors, such as the applicable subaccount's investment
experience, the proportion of the Account Value invested in each subaccount
and the interest credited to any Loan Account. In general the Account Value
for any day equals the Account Value for the previous day, decreased by
charges against the Account Value, increased or decreased by the investment
experience of the subaccounts and increased by net premiums received. No
minimum amount of Account Value is guaranteed.


A Policy loan will not affect the total amount of Account Value at the time
the loan is made but will result in a different rate of return being credited
to the Loan Account portion of the Account Value.


Amount of Surrender Value. The Surrender Value will be the Account Value
less the sum of any unpaid Issue Charge and any Contingent Deferred Sales
Charge and less any Indebtedness.


The Contingent Deferred Sales Charge is deducted from the Account Value upon
surrender of the Policy during the first eleven Policy years after issue. The
amount of this charge is set forth in a schedule under "Sales Charges". The
total charge for sales expenses, including the Contingent Deferred Sales
Charge, over the lesser of 20 years or the life expectancy of the insured,
will not exceed 9% of the payments under the Policy over that period.


When Policy may be Surrendered. A Policy may be surrendered for its
Surrender Value at any time while the insured is living. Surrender takes
effect and the Surrender Value is determined as of the end of the Valuation
Period in which occurs the later of receipt at John Hancock's Home Office of a
signed request and the surrendered Policy.


When Part of Policy may be Surrendered. A Policy may be partially
surrendered upon submission of a written request satisfactory to John Hancock
in accordance with its rules. Currently, the Policy after partial surrender
must have a Sum Insured at least as large as the minimum amount for which John
Hancock would issue a Policy on the life of the insured. The Guaranteed Death
Benefit for the Policy will be adjusted to reflect the new Sum Insured. A pro-
rata portion of any Contingent Deferred Sales Charge will be deducted. A
possible alternative to the partial surrender of a Policy is the withdrawal of
Excess Value. See "Value Options".



DEATH BENEFITS



The death benefit payable is the greater of the Guaranteed Death Benefit,
including any Extra Death Benefit, or the Current Death Benefit.


13





Guaranteed Death Benefit. The Guaranteed Death Benefit at any time is the
sum of the Basic Death Benefit and any Extra Death Benefit. The Basic Death
Benefit at issue of the Policy is the same as the Sum Insured at Issue shown
in the Policy. Thereafter the Basic Death Benefit may be reduced by a partial
surrender on request of the Owner. John Hancock guarantees that, regardless of
the investment experience of the subaccounts, the death benefit will never be
less than the Guaranteed Death Benefit.


Extra Death Benefit. An Extra Death Benefit may be available from time to
time on Policy anniversaries. If the Owner exercises an Extra Death Benefit
Value Option on a Policy anniversary, the amount of Extra Death Benefit
produced under the Option becomes a Guaranteed Death Benefit. The amount of
any Extra Death Benefit depends upon the Account Value, Benchmark Value (see
"Value Options") and the sex and age of the Insured on the Policy anniversary
as of which the Option is exercised. See "Value Options". The insured's age on
a Policy anniversary is the age of the insured on his or her birthday nearest
that date.


Current Death Benefit. The Current Death Benefit on any date is the Account
Value at the end of the Valuation Period containing that date times the Death
Benefit Factor shown in the Policy. The Death Benefit Factor depends upon the
sex and the then attained age of the insured. The Death Benefit Factor
decreases from year to year as the attained age of the insured increases. For
example, the Death Benefit Factor for a male age 75 is 1.3546, for a male age
76 is 1.3325. (A complete list of Death Benefit Factors is set forth in the
Policy.) The Current Death Benefit is variable: it increases as the Account
Value increases and decreases as the Account Value decreases.



VALUE OPTIONS



As of the last Valuation Date in each Policy year, the Account Value of the
Policy will be compared against an amount (the Benchmark Value described
below) to determine if any Excess Value exists under the Policy. Any Excess
Value will be applied according to the election made in the application for
the Policy or in a written notice from the Owner after issue of the Policy.


The Benchmark Value depends upon the Policy's Guaranteed Death Benefit, the
Required Premium, any Indebtedness, the sex and attained age of the insured,
and any Surrender Charge. The formula describing precisely how Benchmark Value
is calculated on each Policy anniversary is set forth in the Policy under
"Excess Value". In general, the Benchmark Value increases as more guarantees
are provided in the Policy, either in the form of higher Guaranteed Death
Benefits or lower premiums. The Benchmark value is also not less than 110% of
any Indebtedness. The Benchmark Value generally increases as the attained age
of the insured increases.


Excess Value is any amount of Account Value greater than Benchmark Value.
Excess Value may arise from two sources. The Premium Component is Excess Value
up to the amount by which the cumulative premiums paid (excluding amounts from
this component previously withdrawn or applied under certain Value Options)
exceed the cumulative sum of Required Premiums. The Premium Component may be
zero. The Experience Component is any amount of Excess Value above the Premium
Component and arises out of favorable investment experience or lower than
maximum insurance and expense charges.


If Excess Value is available on a Policy anniversary, any Premium Component
and Experience Component will be applied under Value Options elected by the
Owner. Either component may be applied to any available Value Option except
that the Premium Component must be applied to the Accumulate Option until the
second Policy anniversary. The amounts to be applied will be determined in
accordance with the Owner's election and in accordance with the then current
John Hancock rules. A change in an election will be effective as of the Policy
anniversary next following its date of receipt in writing by John Hancock at
its Home Office or, if subject to


14





underwriting rules, its date of approval. Any change in election does not
affect amounts previously applied under any Value Option.


The Policy includes three Value Options:


The Accumulate Option leaves any Excess Value in the Account Value and does
not affect the guarantees under the Policy. The Accumulate Option is available
on both Premium Schedules and no limit is placed on the amount that may be
applied from either the Premium Component or the Experience Component.


The Extra Death Benefit Option increases the amount of Guaranteed Death
Benefit. The Extra Death Benefit Option is available on both Premium
Schedules. No limit is placed on the amount that may be applied from the
Experience Component. The amount that may be applied from the Premium
Component is limited to an amount that depends upon the Sum Insured at Issue
and the insured's age at issue of the Policy. Amounts applied from the Premium
Component reduce the cumulative amount of premiums received under the Policy
for purposes of determining whether the Policy will continue to remain in
force. A Guaranteed Death Benefit Charge (see "Charges and Expenses") is made
against the Account Value to cover the risk assumed by John Hancock in
providing the increased Guaranteed Death Benefit. The Extra Death Benefit
Value Option may not be available if the insured is an extra mortality risk.


The increase in Guaranteed Death Benefit equals the amount applied less the
Guaranteed Death Benefit Charge times the Death Benefit Factor shown in the
Policy. An increase in the Guaranteed Death Benefit may increase the amount at
risk under the Policy which would increase the amount of the Insurance Charge.
See "Charges Deducted from Account Value". The Owner may decrease the amount
of any Extra Death Benefit on the Policy. Depending upon the amount of Account
Value under a Policy, a decrease may result in an amount of Excess Value which
may be taken by the Owner as a partial withdrawal. See "Partial Withdrawal of
Excess Value". Any decrease is effective at the end of the Valuation Period in
which John Hancock receives written notice of the request.


The Basic Premium Reduction Option permanently decreases the amount of the
Basic Premium that would otherwise have to be paid in a Policy year to avoid a
lapse at the end of the year. The Basic Premium Reduction Option is available
only on the Level Schedule. No limit is currently placed on the amount that
may be applied from either component except that the Basic Premium may not be
reduced below zero. Amounts applied from the Premium Component reduce the
cumulative amounts of premiums received under the Policy for purposes of
determining whether the Policy will continue to remain in force. A Guaranteed
Death Benefit Charge (see "Charges and Expenses") is made against the Account
Value to cover the risk assumed by John Hancock that the Guaranteed Death
Benefit will remain in effect notwithstanding the lower future premiums. The
reduction in Basic Premium equals the amount applied, less the Guaranteed
Death Benefit Charge, divided by the Premium Credit Factor shown in the
Policy. The Premium Credit Factor depends upon the sex and the then attained
age of the insured. The Premium Credit Factor decreases from year to year as
the attained age of the insured increases. For example, the Premium Credit
Factor for a female age 60 is 13.6798, for a female age 61 is 13.3382.



PARTIAL WITHDRAWAL OF EXCESS VALUE



Under John Hancock's current administrative rules, an Owner may withdraw
Excess Value from the Policy on or after the first Policy anniversary. This
privilege, which reduces the Account Value by the amount of the withdrawal and
the associated charge, may be exercised only once in a Policy year and will be
effective as of the end of the Valuation Period in which John Hancock receives
written notice satisfactory to it at its Home Office. The minimum amount that
may be withdrawn is $500. Unless the Current Death Benefit exceeds the


15





Guaranteed Death Benefit, a partial withdrawal will not affect the death
benefit payable. An amount equal to the lesser of $25 or 2% of the amount
withdrawn is charged against Account Value for each partial withdrawal.


An amount equal to the Excess Value withdrawn will be removed from each
subaccount in the same proportion as the Account Value is then allocated among
the subaccounts. A partial withdrawal is not a loan and, once made, cannot be
repaid. No Contingent Deferred Sales Charge is deducted upon a partial
withdrawal. Amounts withdrawn from the Premium Component reduce the cumulative
amount of premiums received for purposes of determining whether the premium
requirements of the Policy have been met. On a Modified Schedule, because the
Account Value is reduced by a partial withdrawal, the premium that results
from the Premium Recalculation will be higher because of the partial
withdrawal.



TRANSFERS AMONG SUBACCOUNTS



The Owner may reallocate the amounts held for the Policy in the subaccounts
up to twelve times in each Policy year with no charge. If any additional
transfers in a Policy year are permitted, John Hancock may impose a charge of
not more than $5 against Account Value for each additional transfer. The Owner
may either (1) use percentages (in whole numbers) to be transferred among
subaccounts or (2) designate the dollar amount of funds to be transferred
among subaccounts. The reallocation must be such that the total in the
subaccounts after reallocation equals 100% of Account Value. Transfers out of
a variable subaccount will be effective at the end of the Valuation Period in
which John Hancock receives at its Home Office notice satisfactory to John
Hancock.


Transfers out of the Fixed Account to the variable subaccounts are permitted
only once each Policy year and only during the 31-day period beginning on the
Policy anniversary. Transfers out of the Fixed Account may be requested from
60 days before to 30 days after the Policy anniversary. If received on or
before the Policy anniversary, requests for transfer out of the Fixed Account
will be processed on the Policy anniversary (or the next Valuation Date if the
Policy anniversary does not occur on a Valuation Date); if received after the
Policy anniversary, they will be processed at the end of the Valuation Period
in which John Hancock receives the request at its Home Office. (John Hancock
reserves the right to defer such Fixed Account transfers for six months.)
Transfers among variable subaccounts and transfers into the Fixed Account may
be requested at any time. A maximum of 20% of Fixed Account assets or, if
greater, $500 may be transferred out of the Fixed Account in any Policy year.
Currently, there is no minimum amount limit on transfers out of the Fixed
Account, but John Hancock reserves the right to impose such a limit in the
future.


If the Owner requests a reallocation which would result in amounts being
held in more than ten subaccounts, such reallocation will not be effective and
a revised reallocation may be chosen in order that amounts will be reallocated
to no more than ten subaccounts. If an Owner requests a transfer out of the
Fixed Account 61 days or more prior to the Policy anniversary, that portion of
the reallocation will not be processed and the Owner's confirmation statement
will not reflect a transfer out of the Fixed Account as to such request.


Telephone Transfers and Policy Loans. Once a written authorization is
completed by the Owner, the Owner may request a transfer or policy loan by
telephoning 1-800-732-5543. During periods of heavy telephone usage,
implementing a telephone transfer or policy loan may be difficult. If an Owner
is unable to reach John Hancock via the above number, the Owner should send a
written request via fax to 1-800-621-0448. (Any requests via fax are
considered telephone requests and are bound by the conditions in the Owner's
signed telephone authorization form.) Any fax request should include the
Owner's name, daytime telephone number, Policy number and, in the case of
transfers, the names of the subaccounts from which and to which money will be
transferred. The right to discontinue telephone transactions at any time
without notice to Owners is specifically reserved.


An owner who authorizes telephone transactions will be liable for any loss,
expense or cost arising out of any unauthorized or fraudulent telephone
instructions which John Hancock reasonably believes to be genuine.


16





John Hancock employs procedures which include requiring personal
identification, tape recording calls, and providing written confirmation to
the Owner. If John Hancock does not employ reasonable procedures to confirm
that instructions communicated by telephone are genuine, it may be liable for
any loss due to unauthorized or fraudulent instruction.



LOAN PROVISIONS AND INDEBTEDNESS



Loan Provision. Loans may be made at any time a Loan Value is available
after the first Policy year. The Owner may borrow money, assigning the Policy
as the only security for the loan, by completion of a form satisfactory to
John Hancock or, if the telephone transaction authorization form has been
completed, by telephone. Assuming no outstanding Indebtedness in Policy years
two and three, the Loan Value will be 75% of that portion of the Surrender
Value attributable to the variable subaccount investments, plus 100% of that
portion of the Surrender Value attributable to Fixed Account investments and,
in later Policy years, 90% of that portion of the Surrender Value attributable
to variable subaccount investments, plus 100% of that portion of the Surrender
Value attributable to Fixed Account investments. Interest charged on any loan
will accrue daily at an annual rate determined by John Hancock at the start of
each Policy Year. This interest rate will not exceed the greater of (1) the
"Published Monthly Average" (defined below) for the calendar month ending 2
months before the calendar month of the Policy anniversary or (2) 5%. The
"Published Monthly Average" means Moody's Corporate Bond Yield Average--
Monthly Average Corporates, as published by Moody's Investors Service, Inc.,
or if the average is no longer published, a substantially similar average
established by the insurance regulator where the Policy is issued.


The amount of any outstanding loan plus accrued interest is called the
"Indebtedness". Except when used to pay premiums, a loan will not be permitted
unless it is at least $300. The Owner may repay all or a portion of any
Indebtedness while the insured is living and premiums are being duly paid.
When a loan is made, an amount equal to the loan proceeds will be transferred
out of the Account and the Fixed Account, as applicable. This amount is
allocated to the Loan Account, a portion of John Hancock's general account.
Each subaccount will be reduced in the same proportion as the Account Value is
then allocated among the subaccounts. Upon each loan repayment, the same
proportionate amount of the entire loan as was borrowed from the Fixed Account
will be repaid to the Fixed Account. The remainder of the loan repayment will
be allocated to the appropriate subaccounts as stipulated in the current
Investment Rule. For example, if the entire loan outstanding is $3000 of which
$1000 was borrrowed from the Fixed Account, then upon a repayment of $1500,
$500 would be allocated to the Fixed Account and the remaining $1000 would be
allocated to the appropriate subaccounts as stipulated in the current
Investment Rule.


Effect of Loan and Indebtedness. A loan does not directly affect the amount
of the Required Premium. While the Indebtedness is outstanding, that portion
of the Account Value that is in the Loan Account is credited interest at a
rate that is 1% less than the loan interest rate for the first 20 Policy years
and, thereafter, .5% less than the loan interest rate. This rate will usually
be different than the net return for the subaccounts. Since the Loan Account
and the remaining portion of the Account value will generally have different
rates of investment return, any Death Benefit above the Guaranteed Death
Benefit, the Account Value, and the Surrender Value are permanently affected
by an Indebtedness, whether or not repaid in whole or in part. The amount of
any Indebtedness is subtracted from the amount otherwise payable when the
Policy proceeds become payable.


Whenever the Indebtedness equals or exceeds the Surrender Value, the Policy
terminates 31 days after notice has been mailed by John Hancock to the Owner
and any assignee of record at their last known addresses, unless a repayment
of the excess Indebtedness is made within that period.



DEFAULT AND OPTIONS ON LAPSE



Premium Grace Period, Default and Lapse. Any amount of premium required to
keep the Policy in force is in default if not paid on or before its scheduled
due date, but the Policy provides a 61-day grace period for the


17





payment of each such amount. (This grace period does not apply to the receipt
of the Minimum First Premium.) The insurance continues in full force during
the grace period but, if the insured dies during the grace period, the amount
in default is deducted from the death benefit otherwise payable.


Written notice will be furnished to the Owner at his or her last known
address, at least 31 days prior to the end of the grace period, specifying the
minimum amount which must be paid to continue the Policy in force on a premium
paying basis after the end of the grace period. If a payment at least equal to
the amount in default is not received by the end of the grace period, the
Policy will lapse. If payment by the Owner of an amount at least equal to the
amount in default is received prior to the end of the grace period, the Policy
will no longer be in default. The portion of the payment equal to the amount
in default will be processed as if it had been received the day it was due;
any excess payment will be processed as of the end of the Valuation Period in
which it is received. See "Premium Payments".


Options on Lapse. If a Policy lapses, the Surrender Value on the date of
lapse is applied under one of the following options for continued insurance
not requiring further payment of premiums. These options provide for Variable
or Fixed Paid-Up Insurance or Fixed Extended Term Insurance on the life of the
insured commencing on the date of lapse.


Both the Variable and Fixed Paid-Up Insurance options provide an amount of
paid-up whole life insurance, determined in accordance with the Policy, which
the Surrender Value will purchase. The amount of Variable Paid-Up Insurance
($5000 minimum) may then increase or decrease, subject to any guarantee, in
accordance with the investment experience of the subaccounts. The Fixed Paid-
Up Insurance option provides a fixed and level amount of insurance. The Fixed
Extended Term Insurance option provides a fixed amount of insurance determined
in accordance with the Policy, with the insurance coverage continuing for as
long a period as the available Policy values will purchase.


If no option has been elected before the end of the grace period, the Fixed
Extended Term Insurance option automatically applies unless the amount of
Fixed Paid-Up Insurance would equal or exceed the amount of Fixed Extended
Term Insurance or unless the insured is a substandard risk, in either of which
cases Fixed Paid-Up Insurance is provided.



EXCHANGE PRIVILEGE



The Owner may transfer the entire Account Value under the Policy to the
Fixed Account at any time, creating a non-variable policy. The exchange will
be effective at the end of the Valuation Period in which John Hancock receives
at its Home Office notice of the transfer satisfactory to John Hancock.


The foregoing description of Policy provisions is qualified by reference to
the specimen Policy which has been filed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement.





CHARGES AND EXPENSES




CHARGES DEDUCTED FROM PREMIUMS



In addition to part of the sales charge (see "Sales Charges" below), the
following charges are deducted from premiums:


Premium Processing Charge. A charge, not to exceed $2, will be deducted from
each premium payment for collection and processing costs. Policyholders who
pay premiums annually will incur lower aggregate


18





processing charges than those who pay premiums more frequently. The processing
charge is currently $2 but may be different for payments made under special
billing arrangements acceptable to John Hancock.


State Premium Tax Charge. A charge equal to 2 1/2% of each premium payment,
after the deduction of the Premium Processing Charge, will be deducted from
each premium payment except in any state where a lower charge is required.
Premium taxes vary from state to state. The 2 1/2% rate is the average rate
expected to be paid on premiums received in all states over the lifetimes of
the insureds covered by the Policies.



SALES CHARGES



Charges are made to compensate John Hancock for the cost of selling the
Policy. This cost includes agents' commissions, advertising, and the printing
of the prospectuses and sales literature. The amount of the charge in any
Policy year cannot be specifically related to sales expenses for that year.
John Hancock expects to recover its total sales expenses over the period the
Policies are in effect. To the extent that sales load charges are insufficient
to cover total sales expenses, the sales expenses may be recovered from other
sources, including gains from the charge for mortality and expense risks and
other gains with respect to the Policies, or from John Hancock's general
assets. See "Distribution of Policies."


Part of the sales charge is deducted from each premium payment received.
This amount is 5% of the premium, after deduction of the Premium Processing
Charge. John Hancock will waive the portion of the sales charge otherwise to
be deducted from each premium paid on a Policy with a current Sum Insured of
$250,000 or higher. The continuation of this waiver is not contractually
guaranteed and the waiver may be withdrawn or modified by John Hancock at some
future date.


The remainder of the sales charge will be deducted only if the Policy is
surrendered or stays in default past its grace period. This second part is the
Contingent Deferred Sales Charge. The Contingent Deferred Sales Charge,
however, will not be deducted for a Policy that lapses or is surrendered on or
after the Policy's eleventh anniversary, and it will be reduced for a Policy
that lapses or is surrendered between the end of the seventh Policy year and
the end of the eleventh Policy year.


The Contingent Deferred Sales Charge is a percentage of the lesser of (a)
the total amount of premiums paid before the date of surrender or lapse and

(b) the sum of the Modified Premiums or portions thereof due on or before the
date of surrender or lapse.








                                             Maximum Contingent Deferred Sales
                                             Charge as a Percentage of Modified
                                               Premiums Due Through Effective
For Surrenders or Lapses Effective During:      Date of Surrender or Lapse*
------------------------------------------   ----------------------------------
Policy Years 1-6.........................                  15.00%
Policy Year 7............................                  14.17%
Policy Year 8............................                  10.86%
Policy Year 9............................                   7.13%
Policy Year 10...........................                   4.22%
Policy Year 11...........................                   1.90%
Policy Year 12 and later.................                      0%










* A slightly lower percentage than that shown applies in the last Valuation
Period of Policy years 6 through 11.



19





The amount of the Contingent Deferred Sales Charge is calculated on the
basis of the premium under the Modified Schedule for the age of the insured at
the time of issue of the Policy, regardless of whether the Policy uses the
Level Schedule or the Modified Schedule. At issue ages above 70, however,
where only the Level Schedule is available, the Contingent Deferred Sales
Charge depends on the premium under that schedule. Also, lower percentages
apply at higher issue ages.


The absence of any need to pay a Required Premium because of the adequacy of
the Account Value on a Policy anniversary does not impact the amount of
Modified Premiums deemed to have been due to date for purposes of the
Contingent Deferred Sales Charge. For example, if the size of the Account
Value is sufficiently large that the Required Premium for the fifth Policy
year otherwise payable need not be paid and the Owner surrenders the Policy at
the end of the Policy year, the Contingent Deferred Sales Charge would be
based on the sum of five Modified Premiums on the Policy (or, if less, the
total amount of premiums actually paid during all five Policy years.)
Similarly, if a premium recalculation is required or effected (i.e., from
Modified to Level Schedule) or a premium reduction is implemented, the amount
of premiums due to the date of any subsequent surrender or lapse for purposes
of calculating the Contingent Deferred Sales Charge will continue to be based
on the premium schedule in effect prior to such recalculation or reduction.


The Contingent Deferred Sales Charge reaches its maximum at the end of the
sixth Policy year and equals this amount for the entire seventh Policy year.
The Contingent Deferred Sales Charge is reduced in each Policy year after the
seventh. At issue ages higher than age 57, the maximum is reached at an
earlier Policy year, e.g., the end of the fifth Policy year at issue age 70,
and may be reduced to zero over a shorter number of years.



REDUCED CHARGES FOR ELIGIBLE GROUPS



The sales charges and Issue Charge (described below) otherwise applicable
may be reduced with respect to Policies issued to a class of associated
individuals or to a trustee, employer or similar entity where John Hancock
anticipates that the sales to the members of the class will result in lower
than normal sales and administrative expenses. These reductions will be made
in accordance with John Hancock's rules in effect at the time of the
application for a Policy. The factors considered by John Hancock in
determining the eligibility of a particular group for reduced charges, and the
level of the reduction, are as follows: the nature of the association and its
organizational framework; the method by which sales will be made to the
members of the class; the facility with which premiums will be collected from
the associated individuals and the association's capabilities with respect to
administrative tasks; the anticipated persistency of the policies, the size of
the class of associated individuals and the number of years it has been in
existence; and any other such circumstances which justify a reduction in sales
or administrative expenses. Any reduction will be reasonable and will apply
uniformly to all prospective Policy purchasers in the class and will not be
unfairly discriminatory to the interests of any Policyowner.



CHARGES DEDUCTED FROM ACCOUNT VALUE



In addition to the possible transfer charge discussed above under "Transfers
Among Subaccounts", the following charges are deducted from Account Value:


Issue Charge. John Hancock will deduct from Account Value a charge ($240 per
Policy and 48c per $1,000 of the Sum Insured at Issue) to compensate John
Hancock for expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of the Policy,
other than sales expenses. Such expenses include medical examinations,
insurance underwriting costs, and costs incurred in processing applications
and establishing permanent Policy records. For a Policy with a $50,000 Sum
Insured at Issue, the total Issue Charge would be $264.


20





This charge is fully assessed upon the issuance of the Policy, but will be
deducted from the Account Value in 48 equal monthly installments. On the Date
of Issue and on the first day of each subsequent Policy month, John Hancock
will deduct $5 per Policy and 1c per $1,000 of the Sum Insured at Issue. For
each month that John Hancock is unable to deduct the charge because there is
insufficient Account Value, the period over which John Hancock will make this
deduction will be extended by one month.


If a Policy lapses or is surrendered before the Issue Charge has been fully
recovered, the unpaid balance is part of the Surrender Charge. If a Policy
terminates by reason of the death of the insured, the unpaid balance will not
reduce the death benefit. The unpaid Issue Charge also reduces the amount that
may be borrowed through a Policy loan.


Maintenance Charge. John Hancock will deduct from the Account Value a charge
equal to $4 per Policy and 2c per $1,000 of the current Sum Insured. For a
Policy with a Sum Insured at Issue of $50,000 the maintenance charge deducted
during a Policy year would be $60.


This charge is to compensate John Hancock for administrative expenses,
including recordkeeping, processing death claims and surrenders, making Policy
changes, reporting and other communications to Owners and other similar
expense and overhead costs.


The maximum maintenance charge currently is $6.75 no matter how large a
Policy's current Sum Insured. Based on the current monthly charge, this
maximum will benefit all Policies which will have a current Sum Insured above
$137,500. Policies with a Sum Insured below this amount are not affected by
the maximum. This current maximum is not contractually guaranteed and may be
withdrawn or modified by John Hancock at some future date.


Insurance Charge. The insurance charge deducted monthly from Account Value
is based on the attained age of the insured and the amount at risk. The amount
at risk is the difference between the death benefit and the Account Value. The
amount of the insurance charge is determined by multiplying John Hancock's
then current monthly rate for insurance by the amount at risk.


Current monthly rates for insurance are based on the sex, age, and
underwriting class of the insured. John Hancock may change these rates from
time to time, but they will never be more than the guaranteed maximum rates
based on the 1980 Commissioners' Standard Ordinary Mortality Tables set forth
in the Policy.


Lower current insurance rates are offered at most ages for insureds who
qualify as non-smokers. To qualify, an insured must meet additional
requirements that relate to smoking habits and be age 20 or over. Insureds who
are under 20 years of age may ask us to review their current smoking habits
after they reach their 20th birthday.


John Hancock will also charge lower current insurance rates under a Policy
with a current Sum Insured of $250,000 or higher if the insured is over age 32
in the standard underwriting class or the insured is over age 34 in the
preferred underwriting class. These lower current insurance rates are not
contractually guaranteed and may be withdrawn or modified by John Hancock at
some future date.


Guaranteed Death Benefit Charges. John Hancock deducts a charge from that
portion of the Account Value attributable to the variable subaccounts for the
minimum death benefit that has been guaranteed. John Hancock guarantees that
the death benefit will never be less than the Sum Insured. In return for
making this guarantee, John Hancock currently makes a monthly charge of 1c per
$1000 of the current Sum Insured. This charge may be increased by John Hancock
but will never exceed 3c per $1000 of the current Sum Insured.


21





When an Extra Death Benefit Value Option is exercised, John Hancock
guarantees a higher Guaranteed Death Benefit. When a Basic Premium Reduction
Value Option is exercised, John Hancock provides the same Guaranteed Death
Benefit with less premiums. In either event, John Hancock makes a one-time
deduction from the amount applied as compensation for making the additional
guarantee. The current charge is 1 1/2% of the amount applied. This charge may
be increased by John Hancock but it will never exceed 3% of the amount
applied.


When a Premium Recalculation is effected on Policy on a Modified Schedule,
and the new Basic Premium is less than the Basic Premium on the Level Schedule
for the insured's age at issue of the Policy, a one-time deduction is made
from the amount applied as compensation for the additional guarantee. The
current charge is 1 1/2% of the amount applied to reduce the new Basic Premium
to an amount below the Basic Premium on the Level Schedule for the insured's
age at issue. This charge may be increased by John Hancock but it will never
exceed 3% of the amount applied.


Charge for Mortality and Expense Risks. A daily charge is made for mortality
and expense risks assumed by John Hancock at an effective annual rate of .60%
of the value of the Account's assets attributable to the Policies. This charge
begins when amounts under a Policy are first allocated to the Account. The
mortality risk assumed is that insureds may live for a shorter period of time
than estimated and, therefore, a greater amount of death benefits than
expected will be payable in relation to the amount of premiums received. The
expense risk assumed is that expenses incurred in issuing and administering
the Policies will be greater than estimated. John Hancock will realize a gain
from this charge to the extent it is not needed to provide for benefits and
expenses under the Policies.


Charges for Extra Mortality Risks. An insured who does not qualify for
either the preferred or standard underwriting class must pay an additional
Required Premium because of the extra mortality risk. This additional premium
is collected in two ways: up to 7 1/2% of the additional premiums deducted
from premiums when paid and 92 1/2% of the additional premium is deducted
monthly from Account Value in equal installments.


An insured who is charged an additional Required Premium because of the
extra mortality risk may not be eligible to exercise the Extra Death Benefit
Value Option.


Charges for Additional Insurance Benefits. An additional Required Premium
must be paid if the Owner elects to purchase an additional insurance benefit.
This additional premium is collected in two ways: up to 7 1/2% of the
additional premium is deducted from premiums when paid and 92 1/2% of the
additional premium is deducted monthly from Account Value in equal
installments.


Charges for Taxes. Currently no charge is made against Account Value for
John Hancock's Federal income taxes but if John Hancock incurs, or expects to
incur, income taxes attributable to the Account or this class of Policies in
future years, it reserves the right to make a charge and any charge would
effect what the subaccounts earn. Charges for other taxes, if any,
attributable to the subaccounts may also be made.


Charge for Partial Withdrawal. On or after the fifth Policy anniversary, the
Owner may withdraw all or part of any Excess Value in the Policy. The amount
to be withdrawn must be at least $500. An administrative charge equal to the
lesser of $25 or 2% of the amount withdrawn will be deducted from the Account
Value on the date of withdrawal.


Guarantee of Premiums and Certain Charges. The Policy's Basic Premium is
guaranteed not to increase, except that a larger Basic Premium may result from
the Premium Recalculation for a Modified Schedule Policy.


22





The state premium tax charge, sales charges, mortality and expense risk
charge, the charge for partial withdrawals and the Issue Charge are guaranteed
not to increase over the life of the Policy. Any charge for transfers among
subaccounts, the Premium Processing Charge, the maintenance charge, the
Guaranteed Death Benefit Charges and the insurance charge are guaranteed not
to exceed the maximums set forth in the Policy.


Fund Investment Management Fee. The Account purchases shares of the Funds at
net asset value, a value which reflects the deduction from the assets of each
Fund of its investment management fee which is described briefly in the
Summary of this prospectus and of certain non-advisory operating expenses. For
a full description of these deductions, see the attached prospectuses for the
Funds.



DISTRIBUTION OF POLICIES



Applications are solicited by agents who are registered representatives of
John Hancock and licensed by state insurance authorities to sell John
Hancock's Policies. John Hancock performs suitability and insurance
underwriting, determines whether to accept or reject the application for the
Policy and the insured's risk classification and acts as the principal
underwriter of the Policies. John Hancock will make the appropriate refund if
a Policy ultimately is not issued or is returned under the short-term
cancellation provision. Officers and employees of John Hancock are covered by
a blanket bond issued by a commercial carrier in the amount of $25 million.


Agents are compensated for sales of the Policies on a commission and service
fee basis by John Hancock, and for other direct and indirect expenses
(including agency expense allowances, general agent, district manager and
supervisor's compensation, agent's training allowances, deferred compensation
and insurance benefits of agents, general agents, district managers and
supervisors, agency office clerical expenses and advertising) actually
incurred in connection with the marketing and sale of the Policies.


The maximum commission payable to an agent for selling a Policy is 50% of
the premium that would be payable under a Modified Schedule in the first
Policy year, 10% of such premiums payable in the second, third and fourth
Policy years, and 3% of any other premiums received by John Hancock.


Agents with less than four years of service with John Hancock and agents
compensated on salary plus bonus or level commission programs may be paid on a
different basis. Agents who meet certain productivity and persistency
standards with respect to the sale of policies issued by John Hancock and its
affiliates will be eligible for additional compensation.


John Hancock is registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 as a broker-dealer and is a member of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. John Hancock is not a member of the Securities
Investor Protection Corporation because it is exempt from membership in that
organization. The Policies may be sold through other registered broker-dealers
whose representatives are authorized by applicable law to sell variable life
insurance policies. The commissions which will be paid out by such broker-
dealers to their registered representatives will be in accordance with their
established rules. In addition, their qualified registered representatives may
be reimbursed by the broker-dealers under expense reimbursement allowance
programs in any year for approved voucherable expenses incurred.


John Hancock serves as principal underwriter for other separate accounts
registered under the 1940 Act: John Hancock Variable Annuity Accounts U, I and
V and John Hancock Variable Life Accounts U, V and S. John Hancock is also the
principal investment manager and principal underwriter for John Hancock
Variable Series Trust I.


23






TAX CONSIDERATIONS




POLICY PROCEEDS



Although the Policy contains provisions not found in fixed benefit life
insurance policies, John Hancock believes the Policy will nevertheless receive
the same Federal income and estate tax treatment. Section 7702 of the Internal
Revenue Code ("Code") defines life insurance for Federal tax purposes. If
certain standards are met at issue and over the life of the Policy, the Policy
will come within that definition. John Hancock will monitor compliance with
these standards.


John Hancock believes that the death benefit under the Policy will be
excludable from the beneficiary's gross income under Section 101 of the Code.
The Owner of a Policy is not deemed to be in constructive receipt of the cash
values until a withdrawal or surrender. A surrender, partial surrender or
withdrawal may have tax consequences. For example, the Owner will be taxed on
a surrender to the extent that the surrender value exceeds the net premiums
paid under the Policy, i.e., ignoring premiums paid for optional benefits and
riders. But under certain circumstances the Owner may be taxed on a withdrawal
of Policy values even if total withdrawals do not exceed total premiums paid.


John Hancock also believes that, except as noted below, loans received under
the Policy will be treated as indebtedness of an Owner and that no part of any
loan will constitute income to the Owner.


Distributions under Policies entered into after June 20, 1988, on which
premiums greater than the "7-pay' limit have been paid will be subject to
taxation based on recent Federal tax legislation. The Owner of such a Policy
will be taxed on distributions such as loans, surrenders, partial surrenders
and withdrawals to the extent of any income (gain) to the Owner (income-first
basis). Additionally, a 10% penalty tax may be imposed on income distributed
before the Owner attains age 59 1/2. Policies entered into prior to June 21,
1988, may also be subject to a tax on distributions if there is a material
change in the benefits or other terms of the Policy. All modified endowment
contracts issued by the same insurer (or affiliates) to the Owner during any
calendar year generally will be treated as one contract for the purpose of
applying these rules. Your tax advisor should be consulted if you have
questions regarding the possible impact of the recent tax law on your Policy.


Federal estate and state and local estate, inheritance and other tax
consequences of ownership or receipt of Policy proceeds depend on the
circumstances of each Owner or beneficiary.


The above description of Federal tax consequences is only a brief summary
and is not intended as tax advice. For further information consult a qualified
tax advisor.


Federal and state tax laws can change from time to time and, as a result,
the tax consequences to the Owner and beneficiary may be altered.



CHARGE FOR JOHN HANCOCK'S TAXES



Currently John Hancock makes no charge against the Account for Federal
income taxes that may be attributable to this class of Policies. If John
Hancock incurs, or expects to incur, income taxes attributable to this class
of Policies or any subaccount in the future, it reserves the right to make a
charge for those taxes.


Under current laws, John Hancock may incur state and local taxes (in
addition to premium taxes) in several states. At present, these taxes are not
significant. If there is a material change in applicable state or local tax
laws, charges for such taxes may be made.


24






CORPORATE AND H.R. 10 PLANS



The Policy may be acquired in connection with the funding of retirement
plans satisfying the qualification requirements of Section 401 of the Code. If
so, the Code provisions relating to such plans and life insurance benefits
thereunder should be carefully scrutinized.


25









BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF John Hancock



The Directors and Executive Officers of John Hancock and their principal
occupations during the past five years are as follows:








Directors                        Principal Occupations
---------                        ---------------------
Samuel W. Bodman       Chairman of the Board and Chief Execu-
                       tive Officer, Cabot Corporation (chemi-
                       cals)
Nelson S. Gifford      Director, formerly Chairman of the
                       Board, Dennison Manufacturing Company,
                       Inc. (paper products).
William L. Boyan       President and Chief Operating Officer,
                       John Hancock
Kathleen F. Feldstein  President, Economics Studies Inc. (con-
                       sultant).
Lawrence K. Fish       Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
                       Citizens Financial Group (banking).
E. James Morton        Director, formerly Chairman of the
                       Board, John Hancock
John F. Magee          Chairman of the Board, Arthur D. Little,
                       Inc. (management consultant).
John M. Connors, Jr.   President and Chief Executive Officer,
                       Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopoulos,
                       Inc. (advertising).
Stephen L. Brown       Chairman of the Board and Chief Execu-
                       tive Officer, John Hancock
Thomas L. Phillips     Director, formerly Chairman of the
                       Board, Raytheon Company (electronics).
I. MacAllister Booth   Chairman of the Board and Chief
                       Executive Officer, Polaroid Corporation
                       (photographic products)
C. Vincent Vappi       Retired, formerly Chairman of the Board,
                       Vappi & Company, Inc. (construction).
Randolph W. Bromery    Interim President, Springfield College.
Delbert C. Staley      Retired; formerly Chairman of the Board,
                       NYNEX Corporation (telephone utility).
David F. D'Alessandro  Senior Executive Vice President, John
                       Hancock
Joan T. Bok            Chairman of the Board, New England Elec-
                       tric System (electric utility).
Robert E. Fast         Partner, Hale and Dorr (law firm).
Foster L. Aborn        Vice Chairman of the Board, John Hancock
Richard F. Syron       Chairman of the Board and Chief Execu-
                       tive Officer, American Stock Exchange.
Michael C. Hawley      President and Chief Operating Officer,
                       The Gillette Company (razors).
Executive Officers
------------------
Diane M. Capstaff      Executive Vice President
Thomas E. Moloney      Executive Vice President
Richard S. Scipione    General Counsel
Bruce E. Skrine        Vice President and Secretary








26





The business address of all Directors and officers of John Hancock is John
Hancock Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02117.



REPORTS



In each Policy year (except while the Policy is continued in effect under a
fixed option on lapse) a statement will be sent to the Owner setting forth the
amount of the Current and Guaranteed Death Benefits, the Account Value, the
portion of the Account Value in each subaccount, the Surrender Value, premiums
received and charges deducted from premium since the last report, and any
outstanding indebtedness (and interest charged for the preceding Policy year)
as of the last day of such year. Moreover, confirmations will be furnished to
Owners of transfers among subaccounts, Policy loans, partial withdrawals of
Excess Value and certain other Policy transactions. Premium payments not in
response to a billing notice are "unscheduled" and will be separately
confirmed. Therefore, an Owner who makes a premium payment that differs by
more than $25 from that billed will receive a separate confirmation of that
premium payment.


Owners will be sent semiannually a report containing the financial
statements of the Funds, including a list of securities held in each
Portfolio.



VOTING PRIVILEGES



All of the assets in the variable subaccounts of the Account are invested in
shares of the corresponding Portfolios of the Funds. John Hancock will vote
the shares of each of the Portfolios of the Funds which are deemed
attributable to the Policies at regular and special meetings of the Funds'
shareholders in accordance with instructions received from owners of all
policies funded through the Account's corresponding variable subaccount.
Shares of the Funds held in the Account which are not attributable to the
Policies and shares for which instructions from owners are not received will
be voted by John Hancock for and against each matter in the same proportions
as the votes based upon the instructions received from the owners of all
policies funded through the Account's corresponding variable subaccount.


The number of Fund shares held in each variable subaccount deemed
attributable to each Owner is determined by dividing the amount of a Policy's
Account Value held in the variable subaccount by the net asset value of one
share in the corresponding Fund Portfolio in which the assets of that variable
subaccount are invested. Fractional votes will be counted. The number of
shares as to which the Owner may give instructions will be determined as of
the record date for the Funds' meetings.


Owners of Policies may give instructions regarding the election of the Board
of Trustees of each Fund, ratification of the selection of independent
auditors, approval of the Fund's investment management agreement and other
matters requiring a vote under the 1940 Act. Owners will be furnished
information and forms by John Hancock in order that voting instructions may be
given.


John Hancock may, when required by state insurance regulatory authorities,
disregard voting instructions if the instructions require that the shares be
voted so as to change the investment objectives of the Portfolios of the Fund
or to approve or disapprove an investment advisory or underwriting contract
for the Funds. John Hancock also may disregard voting instructions in favor of
changes initiated by an Owner or a Fund's Board of Trustees in the investment
policy, investment adviser or principal underwriter of the Fund, if John
Hancock (i) reasonably disapproves of such changes and (ii) in the case of a
change of investment policy or investment adviser, makes a


27





good-faith determination that the proposed change is contrary to state law or
prohibited by state regulatory authorities or that the change would be
inconsistent with a variable subaccount's investment objectives or would
result in the purchase of securities which vary from the general quality and
nature of investments and investment techniques utilized by other separate
accounts of John Hancock or of an affiliated life insurance company, which
separate accounts have investment objectives similar to those of the variable
subaccount. In the event John Hancock does disregard voting instructions, a
summary of that action and the reasons for such action will be included in the
next semi-annual report to Owners.



CHANGES IN APPLICABLE LAW--FUNDING AND OTHERWISE



The voting privileges described in this Prospectus are afforded based on
John Hancock's understanding of applicable Federal securities law
requirements. To the extent that applicable law, regulations or
interpretations change to eliminate or restrict the need for such voting
privileges, John Hancock reserves the right to proceed in accordance with any
such revised requirements. John Hancock also reserves the right, subject to
compliance with applicable law, including approval of Owners if so required,

(1) to transfer assets determined by John Hancock to be associated with the
class of policies to which the Policies belong from the Account to another
separate account or variable subaccount by withdrawing the same percentage of
each investment in the Account with appropriate adjustments to avoid odd lots
and fractions, (2) to operate the Account as a "management-type investment
company" under the 1940 Act, or in any other form permitted by law, the
investment adviser of which would be John Hancock or an affiliate and (3) to
deregister the Account under the 1940 Act. John Hancock would notify Owners of
any of the foregoing changes and, to the extent legally required, obtain
approval of Owners and any regulatory body prior thereto. Such notice and
approval, however, may not be legally required in all cases.



STATE REGULATION



John Hancock is subject to regulation and supervision by the Massachusetts
Commissioner of Insurance who periodically examines its affairs. It also is
subject to the applicable insurance laws and regulations of all jurisdictions
in which it is authorized to do business.


John Hancock is required to submit annual statements of its operations,
including financial statements, to the insurance departments of the various
jurisdictions in which it does business for purposes of determining solvency
and compliance with local insurance laws and regulations.



LEGAL MATTERS



Legal matters in connection with the Policies described in this Prospectus
have been passed on by Francis C. Cleary, Jr., Counsel for John Hancock.
Messrs. Freedman, Levy, Kroll & Simonds, Washington, D.C., have advised John
Hancock on certain Federal securities law matters in connection with the
Policies.



REGISTRATION STATEMENT



This Prospectus omits certain information contained in the Registration
Statement which has been filed with the Commission. More details may be
obtained from the Securities and Exchange Commission upon payment of the
prescribed fee.


28






EXPERTS



The financial statements of John Hancock and the Account included in this
Prospectus have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, for
the periods indicated in their report thereon which appear elsewhere herein,
and have been included in reliance on their report given on their authority as
experts in accounting and auditing.


Actuarial matters included in this Prospectus have been examined by Randi M.
Sterrn, F.S.A., an Actuary of John Hancock.






FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



The financial statements of John Hancock included herein should be
distinguished from the financial statements of the Account and should be
considered only as bearing upon the ability of John Hancock to meet its
obligations under the Policies.


29








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV




STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES



DECEMBER 31, 1995






                                                                                                              Short-Term
                     Select                                 Money        Real         Special                    U.S.
                      Stock       Bond     International   Market    Estate Equity Opportunities    Stock     Government
                   Subaccount  Subaccount   Subaccount   Subaccount   Subaccount    Subaccount    Subaccount  Subaccount
                   ----------- ----------- ------------- ----------- ------------- ------------- ------------ ----------
ASSETS
Investment in
 shares of
 portfolios of
 John Hancock
 Variable Series
 Trust I, at
 value...........  $ 9,312,773 $46,330,265  $2,926,534   $18,732,426  $2,450,601     $952,172    $111,633,780  $79,674
Policy loans and
 accrued interest
 receivable......    1,036,670   8,821,458     156,200     2,264,893     156,219          --       19,832,901      --
Receivable from
 John Hancock
 Variable Series
 Trust I.........        2,251      28,577       8,433        10,350       7,860        7,240          55,463        6
                   ----------- -----------  ----------   -----------  ----------     --------    ------------  -------
 Total assets....   10,351,694  55,180,300   3,091,167    21,007,669   2,614,680      959,412     131,522,144   79,680
LIABILITIES
Payable to John
 Hancock Variable
 Series Trust I..        1,763      26,061       8,290         9,344       7,738        7,194          49,440        2
Payable to John
 Hancock Mutual
 Life Insurance
 Company.........
Asset charges
 payable ........          488       2,516         143         1,006         122           46           6,023        4
                   ----------- -----------  ----------   -----------  ----------     --------    ------------  -------
Total
 liabilities.....        2,251      28,577       8,433        10,350       7,860        7,240          55,463        6
                   ----------- -----------  ----------   -----------  ----------     --------    ------------  -------
Net assets.......  $10,349,443 $55,151,723  $3,082,734   $20,997,319  $2,606,820     $952,172    $131,466,681  $79,674
                   =========== ===========  ==========   ===========  ==========     ========    ============  =======
                     Managed
                   Subaccount
                   -----------
ASSETS
Investment in
 shares of
 portfolios of
 John Hancock
 Variable Series
 Trust I, at
 value...........  $62,301,402
Policy loans and
 accrued interest
 receivable......    8,932,761
Receivable from
 John Hancock
 Variable Series
 Trust I.........       54,142
                   -----------
 Total assets....   71,288,305
LIABILITIES
Payable to John
 Hancock Variable
 Series Trust I..       50,846
Payable to John
 Hancock Mutual
 Life Insurance
 Company.........
Asset charges
 payable ........        3,296
                   -----------
Total
 liabilities.....       54,142
                   -----------
Net assets.......  $71,234,163
                   ===========








See accompanying notes.


30








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV




STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS







                                 Select Stock                                  Bond
                                  Subaccount                                Subaccount
                   ----------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------
                                            For the Period                              For the Period
                                                 from                                        from
                                              October 4,                                  October 4,
                                                 1993                                        1993
                                             (commencement                               (commencement
                   Year ended  Year ended  of operations) to Year ended   Year ended   of operations) to
                   December 31 December 31    December 31    December 31  December 31     December 31
                      1995        1994           1993           1995         1994            1993
                   ----------- ----------- ----------------- -----------  -----------  -----------------
Investment in-
come:
 Distributions
 received from
 the portfolios
 of John Hancock
 Variable Series
 Trust I.........  $  754,115   $ 288,656      $ 200,562     $3,504,747   $ 2,780,967     $  686,594
 Interest income
 on policy loans.      67,279      54,175         28,819        641,677       622,042        429,402
                   ----------   ---------      ---------     ----------   -----------     ----------
 Total income....     821,394     342,831        229,381      4,146,424     3,403,009      1,115,996
Expenses:
 Mortality and
 expense risks
 and other
 charges.........      48,056      31,565          6,281        286,349       257,251         61,758
                   ----------   ---------      ---------     ----------   -----------     ----------
 Net investment
 income..........     773,338     311,266        223,100      3,860,075     3,145,758      1,054,238
Net realized and
unrealized gain
(loss) on
investments:
 Net realized
 gain (loss) ....      23,090     (35,449)           (45)      (127,733)     (215,268)        (7,963)
 Net unrealized
 appreciation
 (depreciation)
 during the year.   1,225,784    (298,196)      (152,267)     4,205,161    (3,583,940)      (865,311)
                   ----------   ---------      ---------     ----------   -----------     ----------
 Net realized and
 unrealized gain
 (loss) on
 investments.....   1,248,874    (333,645)      (152,312)     4,077,428    (3,799,208)      (873,274)
                   ----------   ---------      ---------     ----------   -----------     ----------
Net increase
(decrease) in net
assets resulting
from operations..  $2,021,212   $ (22,379)     $  70,788     $7,937,503   $  (653,450)    $  180,964
                   ==========   =========      =========     ==========   ===========     ==========
                                 International                             Money Market
                                  Subaccount                                Subaccount
                   ----------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------
                                            For the Period                            For the Period
                                                 from                                      from
                                              October 4,                                October 4,
                                                 1993                                      1993
                                             (commencement                             (commencement
                   Year ended  Year ended  of operations) to Year ended  Year ended  of operations) to
                   December 31 December 31    December 31    December 31 December 31    December 31
                      1995        1994           1993           1995        1994           1993
                   ----------- ----------- ----------------- ----------- ----------- -----------------
Investment in-
come:
 Distributions
 received from
 the portfolios
 of John Hancock
 Variable Series
 Trust I.........   $ 29,692    $  32,660       $19,111       $810,091    $284,469       $ 53,402
 Interest income
 on policy loans.      9,853        7,477         2,557        155,058     148,601        107,771
                   ----------- ----------- ----------------- ----------- ----------- -----------------
 Total income....     39,545       40,137        21,668        965,149     433,070        161,173
Expenses:
 Mortality and
 expense risks
 and other
 charges.........     15,495        9,653         1,034         96,074      52,620         12,668
                   ----------- ----------- ----------------- ----------- ----------- -----------------
 Net investment
 income..........     24,050       30,484        20,634        869,075     380,450        148,505
Net realized and
unrealized gain
(loss) on
investments:
 Net realized
 gain (loss) ....     14,367       11,225         2,973            --          --             --
 Net unrealized
 appreciation
 (depreciation)
 during the year.    164,490     (159,108)       62,914            --          --             --
                   ----------- ----------- ----------------- ----------- ----------- -----------------
 Net realized and
 unrealized gain
 (loss) on
 investments.....    178,857     (147,883)       65,887            --          --             --
                   ----------- ----------- ----------------- ----------- ----------- -----------------
Net increase
(decrease) in net
assets resulting
from operations..   $202,907    $(117,399)      $86,521       $869,075    $380,450       $148,505
                   =========== =========== ================= =========== =========== =================








See accompanying notes.


31











                                                                        Special
                              Real Estate Equity                     Opportunities
                                  Subaccount                          Subaccount
                   ----------------------------------------- -----------------------------
                                            For the Period
                                                 from                     For the Period
                                              October 4,                       from
                                                 1993                       May 6, 1994
                                             (commencement                 (commencement
                   Year ended  Year ended  of operations) to Year ended  of operations) to
                   December 31 December 31    December 31    December 31    December 31
                      1995        1994           1993           1995           1994
                   ----------- ----------- ----------------- ----------- -----------------
Investment in-
come:
Distributions
received from
the portfolios
of John Hancock
Variable Series
Trust I.........    $153,495    $ 99,568       $  15,939      $ 22,718        $   746
Interest income
on policy loans.      12,322      10,386           4,645           --             --
                    --------    --------       ---------      --------        -------
Total income....     165,817     109,954          20,584        22,718            746
Expenses:
Mortality and
expense risks
and other
charges.........      13,502       9,807           1,662         3,017            289
                    --------    --------       ---------      --------        -------
Net investment
income..........     152,315     100,147          18,922        19,701            457
Net realized and
unrealized gain
(loss) on
investments:
Net realized
gain (loss) ....     (39,490)    (17,561)         (3,306)        9,743             77
Net unrealized
appreciation
(depreciation)
during the year.     155,992     (47,683)        (63,670)      126,004         (1,412)
                    --------    --------       ---------      --------        -------
Net realized and
unrealized gain
(loss) on
investments.....     116,502     (65,244)        (66,976)      135,747         (1,335)
                    --------    --------       ---------      --------        -------
Net increase
(decrease) in
net assets
resulting from
operations......    $268,817    $ 34,903       $(48,054)      $155,448        $  (878)
                    ========    ========       =========      ========        =======
                                                                       Short-Term
                                                                          U.S.
                                                                       Government
                               Stock Subaccount                        Subaccount                     Managed Subaccount
                   ------------------------------------------ ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------
                                                                                                                     For the Period
                                             For the Period                                                                from
                                                  from                     For the Period                               October 4,
                                               October 4,                       from                                       1993
                                                  1993                       May 1, 1994                              (commencement
                                              (commencement                 (commencement                            of operations)
                   Year ended  Year ended   of operations) to Year ended  of operations) to Year ended   Year ended         to
                   December 31 December 31     December 31    December 31    December 31    December 31  December 31   December 31
                      1995        1994            1993           1995           1994           1995         1994           1993
                   ----------- ------------ ----------------- ----------- ----------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
Investment in-
come:
Distributions
received from
the portfolios
of John Hancock
Variable Series
Trust I.........   $10,687,455 $ 5,320,942     $ 5,347,556      $2,749          $ 239       $ 5,946,035  $ 2,136,167   $ 2,133,124
Interest income
on policy loans.     1,397,618   1,289,505         844,843         --             --            626,984      554,232       372,441
                   ----------- ------------ ----------------- ----------- ----------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
Total income....    12,085,073   6,610,447       6,192,399       2,749            239         6,573,019    2,690,399     2,505,565
Expenses:
Mortality and
expense risks
and other
charges.........       646,807     529,971         121,956         295             22           356,869      299,763        69,919
                   ----------- ------------ ----------------- ----------- ----------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
Net investment
income..........    11,438,266   6,080,476       6,070,443       2,454            217         6,216,150    2,390,636     2,435,646
Net realized and
unrealized gain
(loss) on
investments:
Net realized
gain (loss) ....        85,385    (249,230)          7,903         477             (6)           (6,127)    (182,296)       (2,062)
Net unrealized
appreciation
(depreciation)
during the year.    17,351,805  (5,560,223)     (3,787,331)      1,735           (282)        7,134,666   (2,984,103)   (1,721,053)
                   ----------- ------------ ----------------- ----------- ----------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
Net realized and
unrealized gain
(loss) on
investments.....    17,437,190  (5,809,453)     (3,779,428)      2,212           (288)        7,128,539   (3,166,399)   (1,723,115)
                   ----------- ------------ ----------------- ----------- ----------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
Net increase
(decrease) in
net assets
resulting from
operations......   $28,875,456 $   271,023     $ 2,291,015      $4,666          $ (71)      $13,344,689  $  (775,763)  $   712,531
                   =========== ============ ================= =========== ================= ============ ============ =============








See accompanying notes.


32








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV




STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS







                                 Select Stock                                  Bond
                                  Subaccount                                Subaccount
                   ------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------
                                                                                        For the Period
                                              For the Period                                 from
                                                   from                                   October 4,
                                                October 4,                                   1993
                                                   1993                                 (commencement
                                              (commencement                                   of
                   Year ended   Year ended   ofoperations) to Year  ended  Year ended   operations) to
                   December 31  December 31    December 31    December 31  December 31   December 31
                      1995         1994            1993          1995         1994           1993
                   -----------  -----------  ---------------- -----------  -----------  --------------
Increase
 (decrease) in
 net assets from
 operations:
Net investment
 income..........  $   773,338  $  311,266      $  223,100    $ 3,860,075  $ 3,145,758   $ 1,054,238
Net realized
 gains (losses)..       23,090     (35,449)            (45)      (127,733)    (215,268)       (7,963)
Net unrealized
 appreciation
 (depreciation)
 during the year.    1,225,784    (298,196)       (152,267)     4,205,161   (3,583,940)     (865,311)
                   -----------  ----------      ----------    -----------  -----------   -----------
Net increase
 (decrease) in
 net assets
 resulting from
 operations......    2,022,212     (22,379)         70,788      7,937,503     (653,450)      180,964
From policyholder
 transactions:
Net contributions
 from
 policyholders...    3,921,962   3,110,357         774,582      8,741,178    9,292,171     2,130,456
Net benefits to
 policyholders...   (2,170,453) (1,704,646)      3,341,695     (8,117,059)  (8,795,613)   35,919,978
Net increase in
 policy loans....      181,384     187,506         636,435        344,088      454,821     7,716,686
                   -----------  ----------      ----------    -----------  -----------   -----------
Net increase in
 net assets from
 policyholder
 transactions....    1,932,893   1,593,217       4,752,712        968,207      951,379    45,767,120
                   -----------  ----------      ----------    -----------  -----------   -----------
 Net increase in
  net assets.....    3,955,105   1,570,838       4,823,500      8,905,710      297,929    45,948,084
Net assets:
Beginning of
 year............    6,394,338   4,823,500             --      46,246,013   45,948,084           --
                   -----------  ----------      ----------    -----------  -----------   -----------
End of year......  $10,349,443  $6,394,338      $4,823,500    $55,151,723  $46,246,013   $45,948,084
                   ===========  ==========      ==========    ===========  ===========   ===========
                               International                             Money Market
                                 Subaccount                               Subaccount
                   ---------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
                                             For the Period                           For the Period
                                                  from                                     from
                                               October 4,                               October 4,
                                                  1993                                     1993
                                             (commencement                            (commencement
                                                   of                                       of
                   Year ended   Year ended   operations) to Year ended   Year ended   operations) to
                   December 31  December 31   December 31   December 31  December 31   December 31
                      1995         1994           1993         1995         1994           1993
                   ------------ ------------ -------------- ------------ ------------ --------------
Increase
 (decrease) in
 net assets from
 operations:
Net investment
 income..........  $   24,050   $   30,484     $   20,634   $   869,075  $  380,450     $  148,505
Net realized
 gains (losses)..      14,367       11,225          2,973           --          --             --
Net unrealized
 appreciation
 (depreciation)
 during the year.     164,490     (159,108)        62,914           --          --             --
                   ------------ ------------ -------------- ------------ ------------ --------------
Net increase
 (decrease) in
 net assets
 resulting from
 operations......     202,907     (117,399)        86,521       869,075     380,450        148,505
From policyholder
 transactions:
Net contributions
 from
 policyholders...   1,439,112    1,997,179        467,433    13,611,860   2,450,447        380,948
Net benefits to
 policyholders...    (927,937)    (636,005)       418,803    (2,969,848) (2,597,488)     6,535,046
Net increase in
 policy loans....      27,649       54,609         69,862       149,842      25,104      2,013,388
                   ------------ ------------ -------------- ------------ ------------ --------------
Net increase in
 net assets from
 policyholder
 transactions....     538,824    1,415,783        956,098    10,791,854    (121,937)     8,929,382
                   ------------ ------------ -------------- ------------ ------------ --------------
 Net increase in
  net assets.....     741,731    1,298,384      1,042,619    11,660,929     258,513      9,077,887
Net assets:
Beginning of
 year............   2,341,003    1,042,619            --      9,336,390   9,077,877            --
                   ------------ ------------ -------------- ------------ ------------ --------------
End of year......  $3,082,734   $2,341,003     $1,042,619   $20,997,319  $9,336,390     $9,077,887
                   ============ ============ ============== ============ ============ ==============








See accompanying notes.


33








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV




STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS--CONTINUED







                                                                       Special
                             Real Estate Equity                     Opportunities
                                 Subaccount                          Subaccount
                   ---------------------------------------- -----------------------------
                                             For the Period
                                                  from
                                               October 4,                For the Period
                                                  1993                        from
                                             (commencement                 May 6, 1994
                                                   of                     (commencement
                   Year ended   Year ended   operations) to Year ended  of operations) to
                   December 31  December 31   December 31   December 31    December 31
                      1995         1994           1993         1995           1994
                   -----------  -----------  -------------- ----------- -----------------
Increase
 (decrease) in
 net assets from
 operations:
Net investment
 income..........  $  152,315   $  100,147     $   18,922    $ 19,701       $    457
Net realized
 gains (losses)..     (39,490)     (17,561)        (3,306)      9,743             77
Net unrealized
 appreciation
 (depreciation)
 during the year.     155,992      (47,683)       (63,670)    126,004         (1,412)
                   ----------   ----------     ----------    --------       --------
Net increase
 (decrease) in
 net assets
 resulting from
 operations......     268,817       34,903        (48,054)    155,448           (878)
From policyholder
 transactions:
Net contributions
 from
 policyholders...   1,086,721    1,225,072        372,968     774,566        201,268
Net benefits to
 policyholders...    (814,812)    (573,521)       904,219    (164,561)       (13,671)
Net increase in
 policy loans....     (13,207)      57,955        105,759           0            --
                   ----------   ----------     ----------    --------       --------
Net increase in
 net assets from
 policyholder
 transactions....     258,702      709,506      1,382,946     610,005        187,597
                   ----------   ----------     ----------    --------       --------
 Net increase in
  net assets.....     527,519      744,409      1,334,892     765,453        186,719
Net assets:
Beginning of
 year............   2,079,301    1,334,892            --      186,719            --
                   ----------   ----------     ----------    --------       --------
End of year......  $2,606,820   $2,079,301     $1,334,892    $952,172       $186,719
                   ==========   ==========     ==========    ========       ========
                                                                      Short-Term
                                                                         U.S.
                                                                      Government
                              Stock Subaccount                        Subaccount                     Managed Subaccount
                   ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------- ----------------------------------------
                                              For the Period                                                         For the Period
                                                   from                                                                   from
                                                October 4,                For the Period                               October 4,
                                                   1993                        from                                       1993
                                              (commencement                 May 1, 1994                              (commencement
                                                    of                     (commencement                                   of
                    Year ended   Year ended   operations) to Year ended  of operations) to Year ended   Year ended   operations) to
                   December 31   December 31   December 31   December 31    December 31    December 31  December 31   December 31
                       1995         1994           1993         1995           1994           1995         1994           1993
                   ------------- ------------ -------------- ----------- ----------------- ------------ ------------ --------------
Increase
 (decrease) in
 net assets from
 operations:
Net investment
 income..........  $ 11,438,266  $ 6,080,476   $ 6,070,443     $ 2,454        $   217      $ 6,216,150  $ 2,390,636   $ 2,435,646
Net realized
 gains (losses)..        85,385     (249,230)                      477             (6)          (6,127)    (182,296)       (2,062)
Net unrealized
 appreciation
 (depreciation)
 during the year.    17,351,805   (5,560,223)   (3,787,331)      1,735           (282)       7,134,666   (2,984,103)   (1,721,053)
                   ------------- ------------ -------------- ----------- ----------------- ------------ ------------ --------------
Net increase
 (decrease) in
 net assets
 resulting from
 operations......    28,875,456      271,023     2,291,015       4,666            (71)      13,344,689     (775,763)      712,531
From policyholder
 transactions:
Net contributions
 from
 policyholders...    20,933,714   20,019,801     3,883,758      68,539         21,611       13,141,463   13,309,384     3,377,066
Net benefits to
 policyholders...   (16,972,544) (16,374,221)   69,401,930     (14,808)          (263)     (11,680,334) (10,118,793)   41,295,282
Net increase in
 policy loans....     1,898,826    1,394,155    15,843,768           0            --         1,120,431      723,705     6,784,502
                   ------------- ------------ -------------- ----------- ----------------- ------------ ------------ --------------
Net increase in
 net assets from
 policyholder
 transactions....     5,859,996    5,039,735    89,129,456      53,731         21,348        2,581,560    3,914,296    51,456,850
                   ------------- ------------ -------------- ----------- ----------------- ------------ ------------ --------------
 Net increase in
  net assets.....    34,735,452    5,310,758    91,420,471      58,397         21,277       15,926,249    3,138,533    52,169,381
Net assets:
Beginning of
 year............    96,731,229   91,420,471           --       21,277            --        55,307,914   52,169,381           --
                   ------------- ------------ -------------- ----------- ----------------- ------------ ------------ --------------
End of year......  $131,466,681  $96,731,229   $91,420,471     $79,674        $21,277      $71,234,163  $55,307,914   $52,169,381
                   ============= ============ ============== =========== ================= ============ ============ ==============








See accompanying notes.


34






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV






NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



DECEMBER 31, 1995



NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION



John Hancock Mutual Variable Life Insurance Account UV (the Account) is a
separate investment account of John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company
(JHMLICO). The Account was created on August 16, 1993. The Account commenced
operations on October 4, 1993 as a result of a transfer of net assets from two
existing separate accounts, John Hancock Variable Life Account U (JHVLAU) and
John Hancock Variable Life Account V (JHVLAV). John Hancock Mutual Variable
Life Insurance Account UV was formed to fund variable life insurance policies
(Policies) issued by JHMLICO. The Account is operated as a unit investment
trust registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and
currently consists of nine subaccounts. The assets of each subaccount are
invested exclusively in shares of a corresponding portfolio of John Hancock
Variable Series Trust I (the Fund). New subaccounts may be added as new
portfolios are added to the Fund, or as other investment options are
developed, and made available to policyowners. The nine portfolios of the Fund
which are currently available are Select Stock, Bond, International, Money
Market, Real Estate Equity, Special Opportunities, Stock, Short-Term U.S.
Government and Managed. Each portfolio has a different investment objective.


The net assets of the Account may not be less than the amount required under
state insurance law to provide for death benefits (without regard to the
minimum death benefit guarantee) and other policy benefits. Additional assets
are held in JHMLICO's general account to cover the contingency that the
guaranteed minimum death benefit might exceed the death benefit which would
have been payable in the absence of such guarantee.


The assets of the Account are the property of JHMLICO. The portion of the
Account's assets applicable to the policies may not be charged with
liabilities arising out of any other business JHMLICO may conduct.



NOTE 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES




Valuation of Investments



Investment in shares of the Fund are valued at the reported net asset values
of the respective portfolios. Investment transactions are recorded on the
trade date. Dividend income is recognized on the ex-dividend date. Realized
gains and losses on sales of fund shares are determined on the basis of
identified cost.



Federal Income Taxes



The operations of the Account are included in the federal income tax return
of JHMLICO, which is taxed as a life insurance company under the Internal
Revenue Code. JHMLICO has the right to charge the Account any federal income
taxes, or provision for federal income taxes, attributable to the operations
of the Account or to the Policies funded in the Account. Currently, JHMLICO
does not make a charge for income or other taxes. Charges for state and local
taxes, if any, attributable to the Account may also be made.







Expenses



JHMLICO assumes mortality and expense risks of the variable life insurance
policies for which asset charges are deducted at various rates ranging from
.525% to .625%, depending on the type of policy, of net assets (excluding
policy loans) of the Account. Additionally, a monthly charge at varying levels
for the cost of extra insurance is deducted from the net assets of the
Account.


35






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED




NOTE 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES--CONTINUED



JHMLICO makes certain deductions for administrative expenses and state
premium taxes from premium payments before amounts are transferred to the
Account.



Policy Loans



Policy loans represent outstanding loans plus accrued interest. Interest is
accrued (net of a charge for policy loan administration determined at an
annual rate of .75% of the aggregate amount of policyowner indebtedness) and
compounded daily.



NOTE 3. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES



JHMLICO acts as the distributor, principal underwriter and investment
advisor for the Fund.


Certain officers of the Account are officers and directors of JHMLICO or the
Fund.





NOTE 4. DETAILS OF INVESTMENTS



The details of the shares owned and cost and value of investments in the
portfolios of the Fund at December 31, 1995 were as follows:






  Portfolio                                Shares Owned    Cost        Value
  ---------                                ------------ ----------- -----------
Select Stock..............................    536,192   $ 8,537,452 $ 9,312,773
Bond......................................  4,574,603    46,574,355  46,330,265
International.............................    187,483     2,858,238   2,926,534
Money Market..............................  1,873,372    18,773,711  18,732,426
Real Estate Equity........................    209,521     2,405,959   2,450,601
Special Opportunities.....................     72,219       827,580     952,172
Stock.....................................  8,007,462   103,629,530 111,633,780
Short-Term U.S. Government................      7,787        78,221      79,674
Managed...................................  4,538,676    59,872,578  62,301,402








Purchases, including reinvestment of dividend distributions, and proceeds
from the sales of shares in the portfolios of the Fund during 1995, were as
follows:








  Portfolio                                                Purchases    Sales
  ---------                                                ---------- ---------
Select Stock.............................................. $2,998,468 $ 478,935
Bond......................................................  6,586,137 2,116,423
International.............................................    935,730   401,257
Money Market.............................................. 13,092,516 1,587,249
Real Estate Equity........................................    829,282   404,509
Special Opportunities.....................................    698,554    68,848
Stock..................................................... 19,241,967 3,915,114
Short-Term U.S. Government................................     71,209    15,024
Managed................................................... 11,383,468 3,752,413








36








REPORTS OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS



Policyholders

John Hancock Mutual Variable Life Insurance Account UV
of John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company


We have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities of John
Hancock Mutual Variable Life Insurance Account UV (the "Account") (comprising,
respectively, the Select Stock, Bond, International, Money Market, Real Estate
Equity, Special Opportunities, Stock, Short-Term U.S. Government, and Managed
Subaccounts) as of December 31, 1995, and the related statements of operations
and statements of changes in net assets for the periods indicated therein.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Account's management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audits.


We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.


In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of each of the respective
subaccounts constituting John Hancock Mutual Variable Life Insurance Account
UV at December 31, 1995, and the results of their operations and the changes
in their net assets for each of the periods indicated, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.



ERNST & YOUNG LLP




Boston, Massachusetts

February 9, 1996





To the Directors and Policyholders John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company



We have audited the accompanying statements of financial position of John
Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, and
the related summary of operations and changes in policyholders' contingency
reserves and statements of cash flows for the years then ended. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.


We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.


In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of John Hancock Mutual Life
Insurance Company at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles for mutual life insurance companies
and with reporting practices prescribed or permitted by the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts Division of Insurance.



ERNST & YOUNG LLP




Boston, Massachusetts

February 7, 1996


37









JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION







                                                                 December 31
                                                             -------------------
                                                               1995      1994
                                                             --------- ---------
                                                                (In millions)
ASSETS
Bonds--Note 6............................................... $21,108.5 $19,884.0
Stocks:
  Preferred.................................................     338.8     274.4
  Common....................................................     130.9     115.9
  Investments in affiliates.................................   1,265.3   1,089.4
                                                             --------- ---------
                                                               1,735.0   1,479.7
Mortgage loans on real estate--Note 6.......................   8,801.5   8,274.2
Real estate:
  Company occupied..........................................     377.4     385.2
  Investment properties.....................................   1,949.5   1,765.5
                                                             --------- ---------
                                                               2,326.9   2,150.7
Policy loans................................................   1,621.3   1,669.2
Cash items:
  Cash in banks and offices.................................     286.6     336.7
  Temporary cash investments................................     254.1     556.2
                                                             --------- ---------
                                                                 540.7     892.9
Premiums due and deferred...................................     234.0     230.9
Investment income due and accrued...........................     597.5     578.2
Other general account assets................................     883.0     979.4
Assets held in separate accounts............................  12,928.2  10,712.5
                                                             --------- ---------
TOTAL ASSETS................................................ $50,776.6 $46,851.7
                                                             ========= =========
Obligations and Policyholders' Contingency Reserves
OBLIGATIONS
  Policy reserves........................................... $17,711.4 $16,817.9
  Policyholders' and beneficiaries' funds...................  14,724.8  13,974.8
  Dividends payable to policyholders........................     378.6     377.6
  Policy benefits in process of payment.....................     217.1     224.4
  Other policy obligations..................................     159.6     256.5
  Asset valuation reserve--Note 1...........................   1,014.3     835.7
  Federal income and other accrued taxes--Note 1............     250.5     231.8
  Other general account obligations.........................     873.2   1,120.7
  Obligations related to separate accounts..................  12,913.6  10,682.3
                                                             --------- ---------
TOTAL OBLIGATIONS...........................................  48,243.1  44,521.7
Policyholders' Contingency Reserves
  Surplus notes--Note 2.....................................     450.0     450.0
  Special contingency reserve for group insurance...........     193.1     191.7
  General contingency reserve...............................   1,890.4   1,688.3
                                                             --------- ---------
TOTAL POLICYHOLDERS' CONTINGENCY RESERVES...................   2,533.5   2,330.0
                                                             --------- ---------
TOTAL OBLIGATIONS AND POLICYHOLDERS' CONTINGENCY RESERVES... $50,776.6 $46,851.7
                                                             ========= =========








The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.


38








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS AND CHANGES IN POLICYHOLDERS' CONTINGENCY RESERVES







                                                       Year ended December 31
                                                       ------------------------
                                                          1995         1994
                                                       -----------  -----------
                                                            (In millions)
Income
  Premiums, annuity considerations and pension fund
   contributions.....................................  $   8,127.8  $   7,617.4
  Net investment income--Note 4......................      2,678.5      2,557.8
  Other, net.........................................         90.8         64.1
                                                       -----------  -----------
                                                          10,897.1     10,239.3
Benefits and Expenses
  Payments to policyholders and beneficiaries:
    Death benefits...................................        787.4        817.6
    Accident and health benefits.....................        321.3        350.2
    Annuity benefits.................................      1,342.7      1,273.9
    Surrender benefits and annuity fund withdrawals..      5,243.6      4,759.3
    Matured endowments...............................         19.8         20.8
                                                       -----------  -----------
                                                           7,714.8      7,221.8
  Additions to reserves to provide for future
   payments to policyholders and beneficiaries.......      1,497.0      1,503.5
  Expenses of providing service to policyholders and
   obtaining new insurance:
    Field sales compensation and expenses............        277.4        303.2
    Home office and general expenses.................        455.8        437.3
  Cost of restructuring..............................          0.0         57.8
  Payroll, state premium and miscellaneous taxes.....         78.6         72.1
                                                       -----------  -----------
                                                          10,023.6      9,595.7
                                                       -----------  -----------
      GAIN FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE DIVIDENDS TO
       POLICYHOLDERS, FEDERAL INCOME TAXES AND NET
       REALIZED CAPITAL GAINS (LOSSES)...............        873.5        643.6
Dividends to policyholders...........................        465.9        385.0
Federal income taxes--Note 1.........................        128.5         59.7
                                                       -----------  -----------
                                                             594.4        444.7
                                                       -----------  -----------
      GAIN FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE NET REALIZED
       CAPITAL GAINS (LOSSES)........................        279.1        198.9
Net realized capital gains (losses)--Note 5..........         21.2        (35.3)
                                                       -----------  -----------
      NET INCOME.....................................        300.3        163.6
Other increases (decreases) in policyholders' contin-
 gency reserves:
  Net unrealized capital losses and other adjust-
   ments--Note 5.....................................        (85.1)      (118.2)
  Valuation reserve changes--Note 1..................          0.0         41.0
  Net gain from separate accounts....................          2.6          0.8
  Issuance of surplus notes..........................          0.0        450.0
  Prior years' federal income taxes..................        (36.8)       (26.2)
  Other reserves and adjustments.....................         22.5          4.3
                                                       -----------  -----------
      NET INCREASE IN POLICYHOLDERS' CONTINGENCY
       RESERVES......................................        203.5        515.3
Policyholders' contingency reserves at beginning of
 year................................................      2,330.0      1,814.7
                                                       -----------  -----------
POLICYHOLDERS' CONTINGENCY RESERVES AT END OF YEAR...  $   2,533.5  $   2,330.0
                                                       ===========  ===========








The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.


39








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS







                                                      Year ended December 31
                                                      ------------------------
                                                         1995         1994
                                                      -----------  -----------
                                                           (In millions)
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
  Insurance premiums, annuity considerations and de-
   posits............................................ $   8,280.3  $   7,827.5
  Net investment income..............................     2,756.9      2,560.0
  Benefits to policyholders and beneficiaries........    (7,917.6)    (7,417.0)
  Dividends paid to policyholders....................      (464.9)      (391.4)
  Insurance expenses and taxes.......................      (795.1)      (801.0)
  Net transfers (to) from separate accounts..........       132.0       (548.4)
  Other, net.........................................      (154.7)       (88.1)
                                                      -----------  -----------
    NET CASH PROVIDED FROM OPERATIONS................     1,836.9      1,141.6
                                                      -----------  -----------
Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities:
  Bond purchases.....................................    (6,456.9)    (6,834.2)
  Bond sales.........................................     2,874.9      2,530.2
  Bond maturities and scheduled redemptions..........     1,600.6      1,437.6
  Bond prepayments...................................       795.9        620.8
  Stock purchases....................................      (224.3)      (282.7)
  Proceeds from stock sales..........................       131.4         70.8
  Real estate purchases..............................      (375.1)      (255.9)
  Real estate sales..................................       365.0        280.6
  Other invested assets purchases....................       (46.5)       (66.5)
  Proceeds from the sale of other invested assets....       251.1        169.3
  Mortgage loans issued..............................    (2,041.6)    (1,547.7)
  Mortgage loan repayments...........................     1,277.9      1,391.8
  Other, net.........................................      (554.6)       845.3
                                                      -----------  -----------
    NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES............    (2,402.2)    (1,640.6)
                                                      -----------  -----------
Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
  Issuance of surplus notes..........................         0.0        450.0
  Issuance of REMIC notes payable....................       213.1          0.0
                                                      -----------  -----------
    NET CASH PROVIDED FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES......       213.1        450.0
                                                      -----------  -----------
DECREASE IN CASH AND TEMPORARY CASH INVESTMENTS......      (352.2)       (49.0)
Cash and temporary cash investments at beginning of
 year................................................       892.9        941.9
                                                      -----------  -----------
CASH AND TEMPORARY CASH INVESTMENTS AT END OF YEAR... $     540.7  $     892.9
                                                      ===========  ===========








The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.


40






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




NOTE 1--NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRACTICES



John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company (the Company) provides a broad
range of financial services and insurance products. The Company's insurance
operations focus principally in three segments: the Retail Sector, which
encompasses the Company's individual life, annuity, and long-term care
operations; Business Insurance, its group life, health, and long-term care
operations including administrative services provided to group customers; and
Group Pension, which offers single premium annuity and guaranteed investment
contracts through both the general and separate accounts. In addition, through
its subsidiaries and affiliates, the Company also offers a wide range of
investment management and advisory services and other related products
including domestic property and casualty insurance, life insurance products
for the Canadian market, a full range of retail and institutional securities
brokerage services, investment management and advisory services, sponsorship
and distribution of mutual funds, real estate financing and management, and
various other financial services. Investments in these subsidiaries and other
affiliates are recorded on the statutory equity method.


The Company is licensed in all fifty of the United States, the District of
Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the US Virgin Islands, and Canada. The Company
distributes its individual products in North America primarily through a
career agency system. The career agency system is composed of company owned,
unionized branch offices and independent general agencies. The Company also
distributes its individual products through several alternative distribution
channels.


The Company distributes its group benefit products through group
representatives, who are John Hancock employees or through intermediaries, in
key markets nationwide.


The Company markets pension and other investment-related products primarily to
sponsors of retirement and savings plans covering employees of private sector
companies, and plans covering public employees and collective bargaining
unions and non-profit organizations. Products are marketed and sold through a
combination of group pension field employee representatives, as well as
marketing personnel and investment professionals employed by the Company.


The preparation of the financial statements of insurance companies requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in
the financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and
assumptions could change in the future as more information becomes known,
which could impact the amounts reported and disclosed herein.


Basis of Presentation: The financial statements have been prepared on the
basis of accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts Division of Insurance and in conformity with the practices of
the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, which are currently
considered generally accepted accounting principles for mutual life insurance
companies. However, in April 1993, the Financial Accounting Standard Board
(FASB) issued Interpretation 40, "Applicability of Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles to Mutual Life Insurance and Other Enterprises"
(Interpretation). The Interpretation, as amended, is effective for 1996 annual
financial statements and thereafter, and no longer will allow statutory-basis
financial statements to be described as being prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Upon the effective date of
the Interpretation in order for their financial statements to be described as
being prepared in conformity with GAAP, mutual life insurance companies will
be required to adopt all


41






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 1--NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRACTICES--CONTINUED



applicable authoritative GAAP pronouncements in any general-purpose financial
statements that they may issue. The Company has not quantified the effects of
the application of the Interpretation on its financial statements.


The Company has not yet determined whether for general purposes it will
continue to issue statutory-basis financial statements or statements adopting
all applicable authoritative GAAP pronouncements. If the Company decides that
its general purpose financial statements will be prepared in accordance with
GAAP rather than statutory accounting practices, the financial statements
included herein would have to be restated to reflect all applicable
authoritative GAAP pronouncements, including Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) Nos. 60, 97, and 113, and the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants' Statement of Position 95-1, which addresses the accounting
for long-duration and short-duration insurance and reinsurance contracts,
including all participating business.


The significant accounting practices of the Company are as follows:


Revenues and Expenses: Premium revenues are recognized over the premium-paying
period of the policies whereas expenses, including the acquisition costs of
new business, are charged to operations as incurred and policyholder dividends
are provided as paid or accrued.


Cash and Temporary Cash Investments: Cash includes currency on hand and demand
deposits with financial institutions. Temporary cash investments are short-
term, highly-liquid investments both readily convertible to known amounts of
cash and so near maturity that there is insignificant risk of changes in value
because of changes in interest rates.


Valuation of Assets: General account investments are carried at amounts
determined on the following bases:


Bond and stock values are carried as prescribed by the National Association
of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC): bonds generally at amortized amounts or
cost, preferred stocks generally at cost and common stocks at market. The
discount or premium on bonds is amortized using the interest method.


Investments in affiliates are included on the statutory equity method.


Mortgage loans are carried at outstanding principal balance or amortized
cost.


Investment and company occupied real estate is carried at depreciated cost,
less encumbrances. Depreciation on investment and company occupied real
estate is recorded on a straight-line basis.


Real estate acquired in satisfaction of debt and held for sale, which is
classified with investment properties, is carried at the lower of cost or
market as of the date of foreclosure.


Policy loans are carried at outstanding principal balance, not in excess of
policy cash surrender value.


Other invested assets, which are classified with other general account
assets, include real estate and energy joint ventures and limited
partnerships and are valued based on the Company's equity in the underlying
net assets.


Asset Valuation and Interest Maintenance Reserves: The Asset Valuation Reserve
(AVR) is computed in accordance with the prescribed NAIC formula and
represents a provision for possible fluctuations in the value


42






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 1--NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRACTICES--CONTINUED



of bonds, equity securities, mortgage loans, real estate and other invested
assets. The Company makes additional contributions to the AVR in excess of the
required amounts to account for potential losses and risks in the investment
portfolio when the Company believes such provisions are prudent. Changes to
the AVR are charged or credited directly to policyholders' contingency
reserves.


The Company also records the NAIC prescribed Interest Maintenance Reserve
(IMR) that represents that portion of the after tax net accumulated
unamortized realized capital gains and losses on sales of fixed income
securities, principally bonds and mortgage loans, attributable to changes in
the general level of interest rates. Such gains and losses are deferred and
amortized into income over the remaining expected lives of the investments
sold. At December 31, 1995, the IMR, net of 1995 amortization of $16.4
million, amounted to $69.5 million which is included in other policy
obligations. The corresponding 1994 amounts were $17.1 million and $52.7
million, respectively.


Property and Equipment: Data processing equipment, included in other general
account assets, is reported at depreciated cost, with depreciation recorded on
a straight-line basis. Nonadmitted furniture and equipment also is depreciated
on a straight-line basis. The useful lives of these assets range from three to
twenty years.


Separate Accounts: Separate account assets (valued at market) and obligations
are included as separate captions in the statements of financial position. The
change in separate account surplus is recognized through direct charges or
credits to policyholders' contingency reserves.


Fair Values of Financial Instruments: Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 107, "Disclosure about Fair Value of Financial
Instruments," requires disclosure of fair value information about financial
instruments, whether or not recognized in the statement of financial position,
for which it is practicable to estimate the value. In situations where quoted
market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using
present value or other valuation techniques. SFAS No. 107 excludes certain
financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments from its disclosure
requirements. Therefore, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do not
represent the underlying value of the Company.


The methods and assumptions utilized by the Company in estimating its fair
value disclosures for financial instruments are as follows:


The carrying amounts reported in the statement of financial position for
cash and temporary cash investments approximate their fair values.


Fair values for public bonds are obtained from an independent pricing
service. Fair values for private placement securities and publicly traded
bonds not provided by the independent pricing service are estimated by the
Company by discounting expected future cash flows using current market
rates applicable to the yield, credit quality and maturity of the
investments. The fair values for common and preferred stocks, other than
subsidiary investments which are carried at equity values, are based on
quoted market prices.


The fair value for mortgage loans is estimated using discounted cash flow
analyses using interest rates adjusted to reflect the credit
characteristics of the underlying loans. Mortgage loans with similar


43






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 1--NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRACTICES--CONTINUED



characteristics and credit risks are aggregated into qualitative categories
for purposes of the fair value calculations.


The carrying amounts in the statement of financial position for policy
loans approximates their fair value.


The fair value of interest rate swaps and currency rate swaps is estimated
using a discounted cash flow method adjusted for the difference between the
rate of the existing swap and the current swap market rate. Discounted cash
flows in foreign currencies are converted to U.S. dollars using current
exchange rates.


The fair value for outstanding commitments to purchase long-term bonds and
issue real estate mortgages is estimated using a discounted cash flow
method incorporating adjustments for the difference in the level of
interest rates between the dates the commitments were made and December 31,
1995. The fair value for commitments to purchase real estate approximates
the amount of the initial commitment.


Fair values for the Company's guaranteed investment contracts are estimated
using discounted cash flow calculations, based on interest rates currently
being offered for similar contracts with maturities consistent with those
remaining for the contracts being valued. The fair value for fixed-rate
deferred annuities is the cash surrender value, which represents the
account value less applicable surrender charges. Fair values for immediate
annuities without life contingencies and supplementary contracts without
life contingencies are estimated based on discounted cash flow calculations
using current market rates.


Capital Gains and Losses: Realized capital gains and losses, net of taxes and
amounts transferred to the IMR, are included in net income. Unrealized gains
and losses, which consist of market value and book value adjustments, are
shown as adjustments to policyholders' contingency reserves.


Interest Rate and Currency Rate Swap Contracts and Financial Futures
Contracts: The net interest effect of interest rate and currency rate swap
transactions is recorded as an adjustment of interest income as incurred.
Gains and losses on financial futures contracts used as hedges against
interest rate fluctuations are deferred and recognized in income over the
period being hedged.


Foreign Exchange Gains and Losses: Foreign exchange gains and losses are
reflected as direct credits or charges to policyholders' contingency reserves
through unrealized capital gains and losses.


Policy Reserves: Reserves for traditional individual life insurance policies
are maintained using the 1941, 1958 and 1980 Commissioner's Standard Ordinary
and American Experience mortality tables, with assumed interest rates ranging
from 2 1/2% to 6%, and using principally the net level premium method for
policies issued prior to 1978 and a modified preliminary term method for
policies issued in 1979 and later. Annuity and supplementary contracts with
life contingency reserves are based principally on modifications of the 1937
Standard Annuity Table, the Group Annuity Mortality Tables for 1951, 1971 and
1983, the 1971 Individual Annuity Mortality Table and the a-1983 Individual
Annuity Mortality Table, with interest rates ranging from 2% to 11 1/4%.


Reserves for deposit administration funds and immediate participation
guarantee funds are based on accepted actuarial methods at various interest
rates. Accident and health policy reserves generally are calculated using
either the two-year preliminary term or the net level premium method based on
various morbidity tables.


44








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 1--NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRACTICES--CONTINUED



The statement value and fair value for investment-type insurance contracts are
as follows:






                                          December 31, 1995   December 31, 1994
                                         ------------------- -------------------
                                         Statement   Fair    Statement   Fair
                                           Value     Value     Value     Value
                                         --------- --------- --------- ---------
                                                      (In millions)
Guaranteed investment contracts........  $12,014.3 $12,325.3 $11,333.3 $10,966.3
Fixed-rate deferred and immediate annu-
 ities.................................    3,494.5   3,478.6   2,918.5   2,840.3
Supplementary contracts without life
 contingencies.........................       39.6      40.7      36.5      35.4
                                         --------- --------- --------- ---------
                                         $15,548.4 $15,844.6 $14,288.3 $13,842.0
                                         ========= ========= ========= =========








Federal Income Taxes: Federal income taxes are provided in the financial
statements based on amounts determined to be payable as a result of operations
within the current accounting period. The operations of the Company and its
subsidiaries and affiliates are combined in filing a consolidated federal
income tax return for the group. The federal income taxes of the Company are
determined on a separate return basis with certain adjustments.


Income before taxes differs from taxable income principally due to tax-exempt
investment income, dividends-received tax deductions, the limitation placed on
the tax deductibility of mutual companies' policyholder dividends, accelerated
depreciation, differences in policy and contract liabilities for tax return
and financial statement purposes, capitalization of policy acquisition
expenses for tax purposes and other adjustments prescribed by the Internal
Revenue Code.


Amounts for disputed tax issues relating to prior years are charged or
credited directly to policyholders' contingency reserves. No provision is
generally recognized for timing differences that may exist between financial
reporting and taxable income.


At December 31, 1994, the Company's subsidiaries had total estimated tax loss
carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of $26.5 million expiring in
years 2003 to 2005. After the 1994 federal income tax return was filed on
September 15, 1995, the Company's subsidiaries remaining tax loss
carryforwards for federal income tax purposes totaled $9.9 million. It is
expected that these losses will be fully utilized in the 1995 federal income
tax return. Certain subsidiaries acquired by the Company have additional
potential tax loss carryforwards of $117.8 million expiring in years 1996 to
1998. These amounts also may be used in the consolidated tax return but only
to offset future taxable income related to those subsidiaries. The Company
made federal tax payments of $211.5 million in 1995 and $78.8 million in 1994.


Adjustments to Policy Reserves and Policyholders' and Beneficiaries'
Funds: From time to time, the Company finds it appropriate to modify certain
required policy reserves because of changes in actuarial assumptions or
increased benefits. Reserve modifications resulting from such determinations
are recorded directly to policyholders' contingency reserves. During 1994, the
Company refined certain actuarial assumptions inherent


45






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 1--NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRACTICES--CONTINUED



in the calculation of preconversion yearly renewable term and gross premium
deficiency reserves resulting in a $41.0 million increase in policyholders'
contingency reserves at December 31, 1994.


Reinsurance: Premiums, commissions, expense reimbursements, benefits and
reserves related to reinsured business are accounted for on bases consistent
with those used in accounting for the original policies issued and the terms
of the reinsurance contracts. Premiums ceded to other companies have been
reported as a reduction of premium income. Amounts applicable to reinsurance
ceded for future policy benefits, unearned premium reserves and claim
liabilities have been reported as reductions of these items.


Restructuring Charge: In 1994, the Company provided for restructuring charges
of $57.8 million in accordance with the Company's plan to reduce its cost
structure and consolidate operations. The restructuring charge includes
severance costs and facilities consolidation expenses. During 1995 and 1994,
the Company paid $32.9 million and $10.7 million, respectively, under its
restructuring plan. The remaining liability for restructuring charges at
December 31, 1995 was $14.2 million.


Reclassifications: Certain 1994 amounts have been reclassified to permit
comparison with the corresponding 1995 amounts.



NOTE 2--SURPLUS NOTES



On February 25, 1994, the Company issued $450 million of surplus notes that
bear interest at 7 3/8% and are scheduled to mature on February 15, 2024. The
issuance of the surplus notes was approved by the Massachusetts Division of
Insurance and any payment of interest on and principal of the notes may be
made only with the prior approval of the Commissioner of the Massachusetts
Division of Insurance. Surplus notes are reported as surplus rather than
liabilities. Interest paid on the notes during 1995 and 1994 were $33.2
million and $15.7 million, respectively.



NOTE 3--BORROWED MONEY



At December 31, 1995, the Company had a $500 million syndicated line of
credit. There are 29 banks who joined the syndicate of lenders under the
leadership of Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York. The banks will commit
when requested to loan funds for a period of two years at prevailing interest
rates as determined in accordance with the line of credit agreement. The
agreement does not contain a material adverse change clause. As of December
31, 1995, no amounts had been borrowed under this agreement.


In 1995 the Company issued $213.1 million of debt through a Real Estate
Mortgage Investment Conduit (REMIC). As collateral to the debt, the Company
pledged $1,065.8 million of commercial mortgages to the REMIC Trust. The debt
was issued in two notes of equal amounts with last scheduled payment dates on
March 25, 1997 and June 25, 1998, respectively. The interest rates on the two
notes are calculated on a floating basis, based on LIBOR rates, and were
6.1575% and 6.2075%, respectively, at December 31, 1995. The outstanding
balances of the Notes totaled $213.1 million at December 31, 1995 and are
included in other general account obligations.


46








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 4--NET INVESTMENT INCOME



Investment income has been reduced by the following amounts:






                                                                   1995   1994
                                                                  ------ ------
                                                                  (In millions)
Investment expenses.............................................. $332.9 $291.2
Interest expense.................................................   38.3   19.8
Depreciation on real estate and other invested assets............   62.7   54.7
Real estate and other investment taxes...........................   61.2   61.3
                                                                  ------ ------
                                                                  $495.1 $427.0
                                                                  ====== ======











NOTE 5--NET CAPITAL GAINS (LOSSES) AND OTHER ADJUSTMENTS



Net realized capital gains (losses) consist of the following items:






                                                                 1995    1994
                                                                ------  ------
                                                                (In millions)
Gains (losses) from asset sales and foreclosures............... $118.6  $(41.5)
Capital gains tax..............................................  (64.2)  (20.2)
Net capital (gains) losses transferred to the IMR..............  (33.2)   26.4
                                                                ------  ------
  Net Realized Capital Gains (Losses).......................... $ 21.2  $(35.3)
                                                                ======  ======








Net unrealized capital losses and other adjustments consist of the following
items:








                                                                 1995    1994
                                                                ------  -------
                                                                (In millions)
Gains from changes in security values and book value adjust-
 ments......................................................... $ 93.4  $  36.4
Increase in asset valuation reserve............................ (178.5)  (154.6)
                                                                ------  -------
  Net Unrealized Capital Losses and Other Adjustments.......... $(85.1) $(118.2)
                                                                ======  =======








47








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED




NOTE 6--INVESTMENTS



The statement value and fair value of bonds are shown below:






                                                    Gross      Gross
                                        Statement Unrealized Unrealized
                                          Value     Gains      Losses   Fair Value
                                        --------- ---------- ---------- ----------
                                                      (In millions)
     Year ended December 31, 1995
     ----------------------------
U.S. treasury securities and
 obligations of U.S. government
 corporations and agencies............  $   638.5  $   42.5    $  0.2   $   680.8
Obligations of states and political
 subdivisions.........................      194.1      20.6       0.1       214.6
Debt securities issued by foreign gov-
 ernments.............................      297.7      42.2       0.0       339.9
Corporate securities..................   18,358.6   1,818.3      73.9    20,103.0
Mortgage-backed securities............    1,619.6      57.9      20.8     1,656.7
                                        ---------  --------    ------   ---------
  Totals..............................  $21,108.5  $1,981.5    $ 95.0   $22,995.0
                                        =========  ========    ======   =========
     Year ended December 31, 1994
     ----------------------------
U.S. treasury securities and
 obligations of U.S. government
 corporations and agencies............  $ 1,545.1  $    1.8    $128.6   $ 1,418.3
Obligations of states and political
 subdivisions.........................      170.6       4.5       1.7       173.4
Debt securities issued by foreign gov-
 ernments.............................      143.5       9.8       0.5       152.8
Corporate securities..................   16,208.9     471.1     401.8    16,278.2
Mortgage-backed securities............    1,815.9       4.8      44.1     1,776.6
                                        ---------  --------    ------   ---------
  Totals..............................  $19,884.0  $  492.0    $576.7   $19,799.3
                                        =========  ========    ======   =========








The statement value and fair value of bonds at December 31, 1995, by
contractual maturity, are shown below. Maturities will differ from contractual
maturities because eligible borrowers may exercise their right to call or
prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.








                                                      Statement Value Fair Value
                                                      --------------- ----------
                                                            (In millions)
Due in one year or less..............................    $ 1,408.9    $ 1,456.4
Due after one year through five years................      6,406.1      6,795.4
Due after five years through ten years...............      5,969.7      6,551.4
Due after ten years..................................      5,704.2      6,535.1
                                                         ---------    ---------
                                                          19,488.9     21,338.3
Mortgage-backed securities...........................      1,619.6      1,656.7
                                                         ---------    ---------
                                                         $21,108.5    $22,995.0
                                                         =========    =========








Proceeds from sales of bonds during 1995 and 1994 were $2.9 billion and $2.5
billion, respectively. Gross gains of $69.7 million in 1995 and $16.6 million
in 1994 and gross losses of $44.3 million in 1995 and $99.3 million in 1994
were realized on these transactions.


The cost of common stocks was $78.1 million and $82.1 million at December 31,
1995 and 1994, respectively. At December 31, 1995, gross unrealized
appreciation on common stocks totaled $76.3 million, and gross


48






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 6--INVESTMENTS--CONTINUED



unrealized depreciation totaled $23.5 million. The fair value of preferred
stock totaled $338.8 million at December 31, 1995 and $281.6 million at
December 31, 1994.


Mortgage loans with outstanding principal balances of $115.5 million, bonds
with amortized cost of $32.8 million and real estate with depreciated cost of
$28.5 million were nonincome producing for the twelve months ended December
31, 1995.


Restructured commercial mortgage loans aggregated $466.0 million and $507.1
million as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively. The expected gross
interest income that would have been recorded had the loans been current in
accordance with the original loan agreements and the actual interest income
recorded were as follows:








                                                              Year ended
                                                              December 31
                                                             -------------
                                                              1995   1994
                                                             ------ ------
                                                             (In millions)
Expected.................................................... $ 47.0 $ 54.5
Actual...................................................... $ 26.8   34.2








Generally, the terms of the restructured mortgage loans call for the Company
to receive some form or combination of an equity participation in the
underlying collateral, excess cash flows or an effective yield at the maturity
of the loans sufficient to meet the original terms of the loans.


At December 31, 1995, the mortgage loan portfolio was diversified by
geographic region and specific collateral property type as displayed below.
The Company controls credit risk through credit approvals, limits and
monitoring procedures.








       Geographic
      Concentration       Statement Value
      -------------       ---------------
                           (In millions)
East North Central.......    $  822.7
East South Central.......       178.2
Middle Atlantic..........     1,861.1
Mountain.................       431.3
New England..............       915.6
Pacific..................     2,253.4
South Atlantic...........     1,611.7
West North Central.......       217.7
West South Central.......       447.4
Other....................        62.4
                             --------
                             $8,801.5
                             ========














         Property
           Type            Statement Value
         --------          ---------------
                            (In millions)
Apartments................    $2,374.6
Hotels....................       164.4
Industrial................       780.4
Office buildings..........     1,823.6
Retail....................     1,545.1
1-4 Family................         9.5
Agricultural..............     1,607.0
Other.....................       496.9
                              --------
                              $8,801.5
                              ========








At December 31, 1995, the fair values of the commercial and agricultural
mortgage loan portfolios were $7.6 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively. The
corresponding amounts as of December 31, 1994 were approximately $6.5 billion
and $1.7 billion, respectively.


49






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED




NOTE 7--REINSURANCE



Premiums, benefits and reserves associated with reinsurance assumed in 1995
were $455.2 million, $276.7 million, and $12.7 million, respectively. The
corresponding amounts in 1994 were $385.9 million, $266.0 million, and $12.1
million, respectively.


The Company cedes business to reinsurers to share risks under life, health and
annuity contracts for the purpose of reducing exposure to large losses.
Premiums, benefits and reserves ceded to reinsurers in 1995 were $281.0
million, $217.0 million and $185.4 million, respectively. The corresponding
amounts in 1994 were $246.7 million, $203.2 million and $217.3 million,
respectively.


The Company has a coinsurance agreement with another insurer to cede 100% of
its individual disability business. Reserves ceded under this agreement,
included in the amount shown above, were $212.7 million at December 31, 1995
and $184.5 million at December 31, 1994.


To the extent that an assuming reinsurance company is unable to meet its
obligations under a reinsurance agreement, the Company remains liable as the
direct insurer on all risks reinsured.



NOTE 8--BENEFIT PLANS



The Company provides retirement benefits to substantially all employees and
general agency personnel. These benefits are provided through both defined
benefit and defined contribution pension plans. Pension benefits under the
defined benefit plans are based on years of service and average compensation
generally during the five years prior to retirement. The Company's funding
policy for qualified defined benefit plans is to contribute annually an amount
in excess of the minimum annual contribution required under the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). This amount is limited by the maximum
amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. The funding
policy for nonqualified defined benefit plans is to contribute the amount of
the benefit payments made during the year. Plan assets consist principally of
listed equity securities, corporate obligations and U.S. government
securities.


Defined contribution plans include The Investment Incentive Plan (TIP) and the
Savings and Investment Plan (SIP). Employees are eligible to participate in
TIP after one year of service and may contribute up to the lesser of 15% of
their salary or $9,240 annually to the plan. The Company matches the first 2%
of pre-tax contributions and makes an additional annual profit sharing
contribution for employees who have completed at least two years of service.
Through SIP, marketing representatives, sales managers and agency managers are
eligible to contribute up to the lesser of 13% of their salary or $9,240. The
Company matches the first 3% of pretax contributions for marketing
representatives and the first 2% of pretax contributions for sales managers
and agency managers. The Company makes an annual profit sharing contribution
of up to 1% for sales managers and agency managers who have completed at least
two years of service.


The Company provides additional compensation to certain employees based on
achievement of annual and long-term corporate financial objectives.


50








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 8--BENEFIT PLANS--CONTINUED



Pension expense is summarized as follows:






                                                                 Year ended
                                                                 December 31
                                                               ----------------
                                                                1995     1994
                                                               -------  -------
                                                                (In millions)
Defined benefit plans:
  Service cost--benefits earned during the period............. $  30.1  $  46.5
  Interest cost on the projected benefit obligation...........   103.5     96.1
  Actual return on plan assets................................  (369.5)    29.4
  Net amortization and deferral...............................   260.5   (144.7)
                                                               -------  -------
                                                                  24.6     27.3
Defined contribution plans....................................    19.8     15.8
                                                               -------  -------
    Total pension expense..................................... $  44.4  $  43.1
                                                               =======  =======








Assumptions used in accounting for the defined benefit pension plans were as
follows:








                                                                     1995  1994
                                                                     ----  ----
Discount rate....................................................... 7.50% 8.00%
Weighted rate of increase in compensation levels.................... 5.10% 5.30%
Expected long-term rate of return on assets......................... 7.75% 8.25%








The following table sets forth the funded status and actuarially determined
amounts related to the Company's defined benefit pension plans:








                                                       Year ended December 31
                                                       ------------------------
                                                          1995         1994
                                                       -----------  -----------
                                                            (In millions)
Actuarial present value of benefit obligations:
  Vested benefit obligation..........................  $  (1,242.9) $  (1,108.9)
                                                       ===========  ===========
  Accumulated benefit obligation.....................  $  (1,300.3) $  (1,151.0)
                                                       ===========  ===========
Projected benefit obligation.........................  $  (1,480.0) $  (1,350.2)
Plan assets fair value...............................      1,645.3      1,355.0
                                                       -----------  -----------
Excess of plan assets over projected benefit obliga-
 tion................................................        165.3          4.8
Unrecognized net (gain) loss.........................       (148.2)        36.3
Prior service cost not yet recognized in net periodic
 pension cost........................................         50.0         57.7
Unrecognized net asset, net of amortization..........       (112.4)      (126.6)
                                                       -----------  -----------
Net pension liability................................  $     (45.3) $     (27.8)
                                                       ===========  ===========








Since 1988, the Massachusetts Division of Insurance has provided the Company
with approval to recognize the pension plan prepaid expense, if any, in
accordance with the requirements of SFAS No. 87, "Employers' Accounting for
Pensions." The Company furnishes the Division of Insurance with an actuarial
certification of the prepaid expense computation on an annual basis.


51






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED




NOTE 9--OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS



In addition to the Company's defined benefit pension plans, the Company has
employee welfare plans for medical, dental, and life insurance covering most
of its retired employees and general agency personnel. Substantially all
employees may become eligible for these benefits if they reach retirement age
while employed by the Company. The postretirement health care and dental
coverages are contributory based on service for post January 1, 1992 non-union
retirees. A small portion of pre-January 1, 1992 non-union retirees also
contribute. The applicable contributions are based on service.


In 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for the costs of its
retiree benefit plans to the accrual method and elected to amortize its
transition liability for retirees and fully eligible or vested employees over
twenty years.


Since 1993, the Company funded a portion of the postretirement obligation. The
Company's policy is to fund postretirement benefits for non-union employees to
the maximum amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes and to
fund the benefits for union employees, which are fully tax qualified, at
sufficient amounts so that the total accrued liability related to
postretirement benefits is zero. As of December 31, 1995, plan assets related
to non-union employees were comprised of an irrevocable health insurance
contract to provide future health benefits to retirees while plan assets
related to union employees were comprised of approximately 60% equity
securities and 40% fixed income investments. The following table shows the
plans' combined funding status for vested benefits reconciled with the amounts
recognized in the Company's statements of financial position.








                                                      December 31
                                          -------------------------------------
                                                1995               1994
                                          ------------------ ------------------
                                          Medical            Medical
                                            and      Life      and      Life
                                          Dental   Insurance Dental   Insurance
                                           Plans     Plans    Plans     Plans
                                          -------  --------- -------  ---------
                                                     (In millions)
Accumulated postretirement benefit obli-
 gation:
  Retirees............................... $(236.5)  $(89.2)  $(239.2)  $(76.5)
  Fully eligible active plan partici-
   pants.................................   (42.9)   (20.1)    (51.3)   (22.2)
                                          -------   ------   -------   ------
                                           (279.4)  (109.3)   (290.5)   (98.7)
Plan assets at fair value................    96.9      0.0      59.9      0.0
                                          -------   ------   -------   ------
Accumulated postretirement benefit
 obligation in excess of plan assets.....  (182.5)  (109.3)   (230.6)   (98.7)
Unrecognized prior service cost..........    18.2      5.8      22.2      6.2
Unrecognized prior net gain..............   (84.2)    (4.2)    (63.9)   (12.3)
Unrecognized transition obligation.......   272.9     83.3     288.9     88.2
                                          -------   ------   -------   ------
Accrued postretirement benefit cost...... $  24.4   $(24.4)  $  16.6   $(16.6)
                                          =======   ======   =======   ======








Net postretirement benefits costs for the years ended December 31, 1995 and
1994 were $50.2 million and $52.1 million, respectively, and include the
expected cost of such benefits for newly eligible or vested employees,
interest cost, and amortization of the transition liability.


52








JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 9--OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS--CONTINUED



Net periodic postretirement benefits cost included the following components:






                                                         December 31
                                             ------------------------------------
                                                   1995                1994
                                             ------------------ -----------------
                                             Medical            Medical
                                               and      Life      and     Life
                                             Dental   Insurance Dental  Insurance
                                              Plans     Plans    Plans    Plans
                                             -------  --------- ------- ---------
                                                        (In millions)
Eligibility cost............................ $  5.3     $ 1.5    $ 6.1    $ 2.3
Interest cost...............................   21.1       7.8     19.9      6.8
Actual return on plan assets................  (15.5)      0.0     (2.1)     0.0
Net amortization and deferral...............   25.0       5.0     14.4      4.7
                                             ------     -----    -----    -----
Net periodic postretirement benefit cost.... $ 35.9     $14.3    $38.3    $13.8
                                             ======     =====    =====    =====








The discount rate used in determining the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation at December 31, 1995 was 7.5% (8.0% for 1994). The annual assumed
rate of increase in the health care cost trend rate for the medical coverages
is 8.25% for 1996 (9.75% was assumed for 1995) and is assumed to decrease
gradually to 5.5% in 2001 and remain at that level thereafter. The health care
cost trend rate assumption has a significant effect on the amounts reported.
For example, increasing the assumed health care cost trend rates by one
percentage point in each year would increase the accumulated post retirement
benefit obligation for the medical coverages as of December 31, 1995 by $35.0
million and the aggregate of the eligibility and interest cost components of
net periodic postretirement benefit cost by $3.6 million for 1995 and $2.7
million for 1994.


Postretirement welfare benefits for non-vested employees are not reflected in
the above expenses or accumulated postretirement benefit obligations. As of
December 31, 1995, the accumulated postretirement benefit obligations for non-
vested employees amounted to $67.7 million for medical and dental plans and
$10.8 million for life insurance plans. The corresponding amounts as of
December 31, 1994 were $70.4 million and $9.1 million, respectively.



NOTE 10--AFFILIATES



The Company has subsidiaries and affiliates in a variety of industries
including domestic and foreign life insurance and domestic property casualty
insurance, real estate, mutual funds, investment brokerage and various other
financial services entities.


Total assets of unconsolidated affiliates amounted to $9.5 billion at December
31, 1995 and $7.8 billion at December 31, 1994; total liabilities amounted to
$8.3 billion at December 31, 1995 and $6.7 billion at December 31, 1994; and
total net income was $89.5 million in 1995 and $61.9 million in 1994.


The Company customarily engages in transactions with its unconsolidated
affiliates, including the cession and assumption of certain insurance business
under the terms of established reinsurance agreements. Various services are
performed by the Company for certain affiliates for which the Company is
reimbursed on the basis of cost. Certain affiliates have entered into various
financial arrangements relating to borrowings and capital maintenance under
which agreements the Company would be obligated in the event of nonperformance
by an affiliate (see Note 14).


53






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 10--AFFILIATES--CONTINUED



The Company received dividends of $9.7 million and $10.1 million in 1995 and
1994, respectively, from unconsolidated affiliates.



NOTE 11--FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISK



The Company enters into interest rate swap contracts for the purpose of
converting the interest rate characteristics (fixed or variable) of certain
investments to match those of related insurance liabilities. Maturities of
current agreements range from 1996 to 2005. These swaps involve, to varying
degrees, interest rate risk in excess of amounts recognized in the statement
of financial position.


The Company enters into currency rate swap agreements to manage exposure to
foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Maturities of current agreements range
through 2009. Should the counterparty fail to meet the terms of the contract,
the Company's market risk is limited to the currency rate differential.


The Company enters into interest rate cap contracts to manage exposure on
underlying security values due to a rise in interest rates. Maturities of
current agreements range through 2001.


The Company also uses financial futures contracts to hedge risks associated
with interest rate fluctuations on sales of guaranteed investment contracts.
The Company is subject to the risks associated with changes in the value of
the underlying securities; however, such changes in value generally are offset
by opposite changes in the value of the hedged items. The contract or notional
amounts of the contracts represent the extent of the Company's involvement but
not the future cash requirements, as the Company intends to close the open
positions prior to settlement.


The contract or notional amount of the foregoing financial instruments, which
indicates the Company's involvement and, in certain instances, maximum credit
risk related to those instruments, is as follows:








                                                                 December 31
                                                              -----------------
                                                                1995     1994
                                                              -------- --------
                                                                (In millions)
Futures contracts to purchase securities....................  $   62.2 $  147.9
                                                              ======== ========
Futures contracts to sell securities........................  $  299.9 $   98.1
                                                              ======== ========
Notional amount of interest rate swaps, currency rate swaps,
 and interest rate caps to:
  Receive variable rates....................................  $1,735.0 $  916.0
                                                              ======== ========
  Receive fixed rates.......................................  $1,756.3 $1,365.2
                                                              ======== ========








The Company continually monitors its positions and the credit ratings of the
counterparties to these financial instruments. The Company believes the risk
of incurring losses due to nonperformance by its counterparties is remote and
that any such losses would be immaterial.


Based on market rates in effect at December 31, 1995, the Company's interest
rate swaps, currency rate swaps, and interest rate caps represented (assets)
liabilities to the Company with fair values of $37.0 million, $23.3 million
and $(0.3) million, respectively. The corresponding amounts as of December 31,
1994 were $12.0 million, $15.4 million, and $(1.5) million, respectively.


54






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED




NOTE 12--LEASES



The Company leases office space and furniture and equipment under various
operating leases. Rental expenses for all operating leases totaled $32.2
million in 1995 and $35.2 million in 1994. At December 31, 1995, future
minimum rental commitments under noncancellable operating leases for office
space and furniture and equipment totaled approximately $44.3 million.





NOTE 13--POLICYHOLDERS' RESERVES AND BENEFICIARIES' FUNDS



The Company's annuity reserves and deposit fund liabilities that are subject
to discretionary withdrawal (with adjustment), subject to discretionary
withdrawal (without adjustment), and not subject to discretionary withdrawal
provisions are summarized as follows:






                                                      December 31, 1995 Percent
                                                      ----------------- -------
                                                        (In millions)
Subject to discretionary withdrawal (with adjust-
 ment):
  With market value adjustment.......................     $ 2,517.0        7.3%
  At book value less surrender charge................       2,502.2        7.3
                                                          ---------      -----
  Total with adjustment..............................       5,019.2       14.6
  Subject to discretionary withdrawal (without ad-
   justment) at book value...........................         594.8        1.7
  Subject to discretionary withdrawal--separate ac-
   counts............................................      10,813.9       31.4
Not subject to discretionary withdrawal:
  General account....................................      16,634.4       48.3
  Separate accounts..................................       1,387.2        4.0
                                                          ---------      -----
Total annuity reserves and deposit liabilities--be-
 fore reinsurance....................................      34,449.5      100.0%
                                                                         =====
Less reinsurance ceded...............................          (0.2)
                                                          ---------
Net annuity reserves and deposit fund liabilities....     $34,449.3
                                                          =========








Activity in the liability for accident and health unpaid claims is:








                                                                  1995    1994
                                                                 ------  ------
                                                                 (In millions)
Balance at January 1............................................ $216.2  $210.6
  Less reinsurance recoverables.................................   (7.3)   (4.6)
                                                                 ------  ------
Net balance at January 1........................................  208.9   206.0
                                                                 ------  ------
Incurred related to:
  Current year..................................................  301.0   350.4
  Prior years...................................................  (25.2)  (40.4)
                                                                 ------  ------
Total incurred..................................................  275.8   310.0
                                                                 ------  ------
Paid related to:
  Current year..................................................  192.0   231.2
  Prior years...................................................   89.0    75.9
                                                                 ------  ------
Total paid......................................................  281.0   307.1
                                                                 ------  ------
Net balance at December 31......................................  203.7   208.9
  Plus reinsurance recoverable..................................    4.0     7.3
                                                                 ------  ------
Balance at December 31.......................................... $207.7  $216.2
                                                                 ======  ======








55






JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED

NOTE 13--POLICYHOLDERS' RESERVES AND BENEFICIARIES' FUNDS--CONTINUED



As a result of favorable changes in claim estimates and a decline in fully
insured business, the liability for prior year claims decreased in 1995 and
1994.



NOTE 14--COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES



The Company has extended commitments to purchase long-term bonds, preferred
stocks, and real estate and issue real estate mortgages totaling $620.7
million, $19.1 million, $5.0 million and $396.6 million, respectively, at
December 31, 1995. If funded, loans related to real estate mortgages would be
fully collateralized by related properties. The Company monitors the credit
worthiness of borrowers under long-term bond commitments and requires
collateral as deemed necessary. The fair value of the commitments described
above is $1.1 billion at December 31, 1995. The majority of these commitments
expire in 1996.


During 1991, the Company entered into a credit support and collateral pledge
agreement with the Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA). Under the
agreement, the Company sold $1.042 billion of multi-family loans and acquired
an equivalent amount of FNMA securities. FNMA is guarantying the full face
value of the bonds to the bondholders. However, the Company has agreed to
absorb the first 15% of original principal and interest losses (less buy-
backs) for the pool of loans involved, but is not required to commit
collateral to support this loss contingency. Historically, the Company has
experienced total losses as a percentage of its multi-family mortgage
portfolio of approximately 3%. Mortgage loan buy-backs required by FNMA in
1995 and 1994 amounted to $29.5 million and $12.7 million, respectively. There
were no losses associated with these buy-backs. At December 31, 1995, the
remaining pool of loans had an outstanding principal balance of $591.2
million.


The Company has a support agreement with JHVLICo under which the Company
agrees to continue directly or indirectly to own all of JHVLICo's common stock
and maintain JHVLICo's net worth at not less than $1 million.


The Company has a support agreement with John Hancock Capital Corporation
(JHCC) under which the Company agrees to continue directly or indirectly to
own all of JHCC's common stock and maintain JHCC's net worth at not less than
$1 million. JHCC's outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 1995 were $363.6
million for short-term borrowings and $142.7 million for notes payable.


The Company is subject to insurance guaranty fund laws in the states in which
it does business. These laws assess insurance companies amounts to be used to
pay benefits to policyholders and claimants of insolvent insurance companies.
Many states allow these assessments to be credited against future premium
taxes. The Company believes such assessments in excess of amounts accrued will
not materially affect its financial position.


In the normal course of its business operations, the Company is involved in
litigation from time to time with claimants, beneficiaries and others, and a
number of litigation matters were pending as of December 31, 1995. It is the
opinion of management, after consultation with counsel, that the ultimate
liability with respect to these claims, if any, will not materially affect the
financial position of the Company.


56









APPENDIX--OTHER POLICY PROVISIONS




SETTLEMENT PROVISIONS



In place of a single payment, an amount of $1,000 or more payable under the
Policy as a benefit or as the Surrender Value, if any, may be left with John
Hancock under the terms of a supplementary agreement. The agreement will be
issued when the proceeds are applied through the election of any one of the
options below.


The following options are subject to the restrictions and limitations stated
in the Policy.


Option 1--Interest Income at the declared rate but not less than 3 1/2% a
year on proceeds held on deposit.


Option 2A--Income of a Specified Amount, with payments each year totaling
at least 1/12th of the proceeds, until the proceeds, with interest credited
at the declared rate but not less than 3 1/2% a year on unpaid balances,
are fully paid.


Option 2B--Income for a Fixed Period, with each payment as declared.



Option 3--Life Income with Payments for a Guaranteed Period.



Option 4--Life Income without Refund at the death of the Payee of any
part of the proceeds applied. Only one payment is made if the Payee dies
before the second payment is due.


Option 5--Life Income with Cash Refund at the death of the Payee of the
amount, if any, equal to the proceeds applied less the sum of all income
payments made.


No election of an option may provide for income payments of less than $50.


Other options may be arranged with John Hancock's approval.



ADDITIONAL INSURANCE BENEFITS



On payment of an additional premium and subject to certain age and insurance
underwriting requirements, certain additional provisions, such as an
Accidental Death Benefit, which are subject to the restrictions and
limitations set forth therein, may be included in a Policy.



GENERAL PROVISIONS



BENEFICIARY. The Beneficiary will be as shown in the application for the
Policy, unless thereafter changed by the Owner in accordance with the terms of
the Policy. If the insured dies and there is no surviving Beneficiary, the
Owner will be the Beneficiary, but if the insured was the Owner, the Owner's
estate will be the Beneficiary.


ASSIGNMENT. The Owner's interest in the Policy may be assigned without the
consent of any revocable Beneficiary. John Hancock will not be on notice of
any assignment unless it is in writing and until a duplicate of the original
assignment has been filed at John Hancock's Home Office. John Hancock assumes
no responsibility for the validity or sufficiency of any assignment.


MISSTATEMENT OF AGE OR SEX. If the age or sex of the insured has been
misstated, John Hancock will adjust the benefits payable to reflect the
correct age or sex.


57





SUICIDE. If the insured commits suicide within 2 years from the issue date
shown in the Policy, John Hancock will pay in place of all other benefits an
amount equal to the premium paid less any Indebtedness on the date of death
and any withdrawals. If the suicide is more than 2 years from the issue date
but within 2 years of any increase in death benefit due to payment of any
premium in excess of the Required Premium, the benefits payable will not
include the increased benefit but will include the excess premium.


AVIATION ACTIVITY EXCLUSION. If the insured dies in an aviation accident
while a crew member on other than a commercial aircraft and the Policy
provides at the request of the Owner for a limited benefit in such situation,
John Hancock will pay in place of all other benefits an amount equal to the
greater of the premium paid or the Surrender Value, less any Indebtedness.


INCONTESTABILITY. The Policy, except for any provision for a disability
benefit or additional benefits provisions added after issue, shall be
incontestable other than for nonpayment of premiums after it has been in force
during the lifetime of the insured for 2 years from its issue date. If,
however, evidence of insurability is required with respect to any premium in
excess of the Required Premium, any increase in death benefit due to payment
of excess premium shall be incontestable after the increase has been in force
for 2 years from the increase date.


DEFERRAL OF DETERMINATION AND PAYMENTS. If the Policy is not on a fixed non-
forfeiture option, payment of any death, surrender, withdrawal or loan
proceeds will ordinarily be made within seven days after receipt at John
Hancock's Home Office of all documents required for any such payment.
Approximately two-thirds of the claims for death proceeds which are made
within two years after the date of issue of the Policy will be investigated to
determine whether the claim should be contested and payment of these claims
will therefore be delayed.


John Hancock may defer any transaction requiring a determination of Account
Value for any period during which: (1) the disposal or valuation of the
Account's assets is not reasonably practicable because the New York Stock
Exchange is closed or conditions are such that, under the Commission's rules
and regulations, trading is restricted or an emergency is deemed to exist or

(2) the Commission by order permits postponement of such actions for the
protection of John Hancock Owners.


Under a Policy being continued under a fixed non-forfeiture option, payment
of the cash value or loan proceeds may be deferred by John Hancock for up to
six months after receipt of a request therefor. Interest will be accrued at an
annual rate of 3 1/2% if such a deferment extends beyond 10 days.


The foregoing description of Policy provisions is qualified by reference to
the specimen Policy which has been filed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement.


REINSTATEMENT. The Policy may be reinstated in accordance with its terms
(including evidence of insurability satisfactory to John Hancock and payment
of the required premium and charges) within 3 years after the beginning of the
grace period unless the Surrender Value has been paid or otherwise exhausted,
or the period of any Fixed Extended Term Insurance has expired.


58









APPENDIX--ILLUSTRATION OF DEATH BENEFITS

SURRENDER VALUES AND ACCUMULATED PREMIUMS



The following tables illustrate the changes in death benefit and surrender
value of the Policy, disregarding any Policy loans. Each table separately
illustrates the operation of a Policy for an identified issue age, premium
schedule and Sum Insured at Issue and shows how the death benefit and
surrender value (reflecting the deduction of the surrender charge, if any) may
vary over an extended period of time assuming hypothetical rates of investment
return (i.e., investment income and capital gains and losses, realized or
unrealized) equivalent to constant gross annual rates of 0%, 6% and 12%. The
tables are based on given annual premiums paid at the beginning of each Policy
year and will assist in a comparison of the death benefit and surrender value
figures set forth in the tables with those under other variable life insurance
policies which may be issued by John Hancock or other companies. The death
benefit and surrender value for a Policy would be different from those shown
if premiums are paid in different amounts or at different times or if the
actual gross rates of investment return average 0%, 6% or 12% over a period of
years, but nevertheless fluctuated above or below the average for individual
Policy years.


The amounts shown for the death benefit and surrender value are as of the
end of each Policy year. The tables headed "Using Current Charges" assume that
the current rates for insurance and charges for expenses will be made in each
year illustrated. The tables headed "Using Maximum Charges" assume that the
maximum (guaranteed) charge will be made for insurance and for expense charges
in each year illustrated. The amounts shown in all tables reflect an average
asset charge for the daily investment advisory expense charges to the
Portfolios of the Fund (equivalent to an effective annual rate of .53%) and an
assumed average asset charge for the annual nonadvisory operating expenses of
each Portfolio of the Fund (equivalent to an effective annual rate of .15%).
For a description of expenses charged to the Portfolios, including the
reimbursement of any Portfolio for annual non-advisory operating expenses in
excess of an effective annual rate of .25%, a continuing obligation of the
Fund's investment adviser, see the attached prospectus for the Fund. The
charges for the daily investment management fee and the annual non-advisory
operating expenses are based on the hypothetical assumption that Policy values
are allocated equally among the nine variable subaccounts. The actual charges
and expenses associated with any Policy and will vary depending upon the
actual allocation of Policy values among subaccounts. During the first 11
Policy years, the surrender values for the base Policy are the Account Values
less the Contingent Deferred Sales Charge (and, during the first four years,
less any unpaid Issue Charge). Thereafter the Account Value will be equal to
the surrender value.


The tables reflect that no charge is currently made to the Accounts for
Federal income taxes. However, John Hancock reserves the right to make such a
charge in the future and any charge would require higher rates of investment
return in order to produce the same Policy values.


The second column of each table shows the amount to which the total premiums
paid to the end of a Policy year during the premium paying period would
accumulate if an amount equal to those premiums were invested to earn
interest, after taxes, at 5% compounded annually.


The amounts shown for the death benefit and surrender value reflect Excess
Value, if any, applied under the Accumulate Option.


John Hancock will furnish upon request a comparable illustration reflecting
the proposed insured's age, sex, underwriting risk classification and the Sum
Insured at Issue or premium amount requested, and assuming annual premiums and
that the proposed insured is not a substandard underwriting risk
classification.


59








PLAN: SCHEDULE PREMIUM VARIABLE WHOLE LIFE


MALE, ISSUE AGE 25, STANDARD NON-SMOKER UNDERWRITING RISK
SUM INSURED AT ISSUE (GUARANTEED DEATH BENEFIT) $100,000
PREMIUM SCHEDULE--LEVEL

$1,113 BASIC PREMIUM (1)

USING CURRENT CHARGES






                               Death Benefit              Surrender Value
                        --------------------------- ---------------------------
            Premiums    Assuming Hypothetical Gross Assuming Hypothetical Gross
End of    Accumulated   Annual Investment Return of Annual Investment Return of
Policy   At 5% Interest --------------------------- ---------------------------
 Year     Per Year(2)   0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross 0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross
------   -------------- -------- -------- --------- -------- -------- ---------
   1          1,169     100,000  100,000    100,000     364      415        465
   2          2,396     100,000  100,000    100,000   1,013    1,157      1,307
   3          3,684     100,000  100,000    100,000   1,656    1,939      2,245
   4          5,037     100,000  100,000    100,000   2,293    2,761      3,290
   5          6,458     100,000  100,000    100,000   2,921    3,625      4,453
   6          7,949     100,000  100,000    100,000   3,574    4,570      5,786
   7          9,515     100,000  100,000    100,000   4,285    5,630      7,336
   8         11,160     100,000  100,000    100,000   5,048    6,800      9,112
   9         12,886     100,000  100,000    100,000   5,866    8,086     11,136
  10         14,699     100,000  100,000    100,000   6,669    9,421     13,355
  11         16,603     100,000  100,000    100,000   7,454   10,803     15,789
  12         18,602     100,000  100,000    100,000   8,222   12,236     18,461
  13         20,700     100,000  100,000    100,000   8,836   13,586     21,262
  14         22,904     100,000  100,000    100,000   9,427   14,985     24,351
  15         25,218     100,000  100,000    100,000   9,995   16,436     27,760
  16         27,647     100,000  100,000    102,903  10,537   17,941     31,518
  17         30,198     100,000  100,000    112,689  11,051   19,498     35,635
  18         32,877     100,000  100,000    122,985  11,536   21,110     40,144
  19         35,689     100,000  100,000    133,835  11,991   22,780     45,079
  20         38,643     100,000  100,000    145,275  12,413   24,509     50,479
  25         55,776     100,000  100,000    212,827  13,994   34,136     86,067
  30         77,644     100,000  100,000    302,399  14,403   45,650    141,229
  35        105,553     100,000  110,567    422,220  12,910   59,001    225,304
  40        141,173     100,000  122,582    583,399   8,404   73,916    351,784
  45        186,634     100,000  133,838    799,965       0   89,945    537,611
  50        244,655     100,000  144,359  1,091,427       0  106,569    805,719
  55        318,706     100,000  154,711  1,484,875       0  123,177  1,182,225










(1) If premiums are paid more frequently than annually the payments would be
$556.50 semiannually, $278.25 quarterly, or $92.75 on a special monthly
basis. The death benefits and surrender values shown would be affected by
the more frequent premium payments.

(2) The premiums accumulated at 5% interest in Column 2 are those payable if
the gross investment return is 6%.




IT IS EMPHASIZED THAT THE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS ARE ILLUSTRATIVE
ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE DEEMED A REPRESENTATION OF PAST OR FUTURE INVESTMENT





RESULTS. ACTUAL INVESTMENT RESULTS MAY BE MORE OR LESS THAN THOSE SHOWN AND
WILL DEPEND ON A NUMBER OF FACTORS, INCLUDING INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS MADE BY
THE OWNER. THE DEATH BENEFIT AND SURRENDER VALUE FOR A POLICY WOULD BE
DIFFERENT FROM THOSE SHOWN IF THE ACTUAL GROSS RATES OF INVESTMENT RETURN
AVERAGE 0%, 6% OR 12% OVER A PERIOD OF YEARS, BUT ALSO FLUCTUATED ABOVE OR
BELOW THE AVERAGE FOR INDIVIDUAL POLICY YEARS. NO REPRESENTATIONS CAN BE MADE
THAT THESE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS CAN BE ACHIEVED FOR ANY ONE YEAR OR
SUSTAINED OVER ANY PERIOD OF TIME.


60








PLAN:SCHEDULED PREMIUM VARIABLE WHOLE LIFE


MALE, ISSUE AGE 25, STANDARD NON-SMOKER UNDERWRITING RISK
SUM INSURED AT ISSUE (GUARANTEED DEATH BENEFIT) $100,000
PREMIUM SCHEDULE AT ISSUE--MODIFIED

$708 INITIAL BASIC PREMIUM AT ISSUE (1)
USING CURRENT CHARGES






                               Death Benefit              Surrender Value
                        --------------------------- ---------------------------
            Premiums    Assuming Hypothetical Gross Assuming Hypothetical Gross
End of    Accumulated   Annual Investment Return of Annual Investment Return of
Policy   At 5% Interest --------------------------- ---------------------------
 Year     Per Year(2)   0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross 0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross
------   -------------- -------- -------- --------- -------- -------- ---------
   1            743     100,000  100,000   100,000        0       22        50
   2          1,524     100,000  100,000   100,000      276      352       432
   3          2,344     100,000  100,000   100,000      557      703       862
   4          3,204     100,000  100,000   100,000      835    1,073     1,342
   5          4,108     100,000  100,000   100,000    1,109    1,463     1,881
   6          5,057     100,000  100,000   100,000    1,411    1,910     2,522
   7          6,053     100,000  100,000   100,000    1,775    2,448     3,306
   8          7,099     100,000  100,000   100,000    2,195    3,072     4,233
   9          8,197     100,000  100,000   100,000    2,673    3,785     5,316
  10          9,350     100,000  100,000   100,000    3,140    4,518     6,492
  11         10,561     100,000  100,000   100,000    3,591    5,268     7,769
  12         11,833     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,030    6,038     9,159
  13         13,168     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,316    6,691    10,537
  14         14,570     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,583    7,358    12,047
  15         16,042     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,828    8,039    13,703
  16         17,587     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,050    8,734    15,519
  17         19,210     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,245    9,439    17,510
  18         20,914     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,413   10,153    19,695
  19         22,703     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,550   10,876    22,094
  20         24,581     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,657   11,606    24,731
  25         35,480     100,000  100,000   105,105    5,654   15,322    42,504
  30         49,391     100,000  100,000   150,819    4,414   18,872    70,437
  35         67,144     100,000  100,000   211,807    1,065   21,490   113,024
  40         89,803     100,000  100,000   293,712        0   21,948   177,106
  45        118,721     100,000  100,000   403,658        0   17,134   271,275
  50        180,898     100,000  100,000   548,321   12,631   26,122   404,785
  55        279,274     100,000  100,000   741,579   26,920   50,846   590,429










(1) If premiums are paid more frequently than annually the payments would be
$354.00 semiannually, $177.00 quarterly, or $59.00 on a special monthly
basis. The death benefits and surrender values shown would be affected by
the more frequent premium payments. The basic premium (annual) after a
recalculation at age 72 will be as follows: $9,973 for a hypothetical
gross investment return of 0%, $8,342 for a gross return of 6%, and $0 for
a gross return of 12%.

(2) The premiums accumulated at 5% interest in Column 2 are those payable if
the gross investment return is 6%.





IT IS EMPHASIZED THAT THE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS ARE ILLUSTRATIVE
ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE DEEMED A REPRESENTATION OF PAST OR FUTURE INVESTMENT





RESULTS. ACTUAL INVESTMENT RESULTS MAY BE MORE OR LESS THAN THOSE SHOWN AND
WILL DEPEND ON A NUMBER OF FACTORS, INCLUDING INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS MADE BY
THE OWNER. THE DEATH BENEFIT AND SURRENDER VALUE FOR A POLICY WOULD BE
DIFFERENT FROM THOSE SHOWN IF THE ACTUAL GROSS RATES OF INVESTMENT RETURN
AVERAGE 0%, 6% OR 12% OVER A PERIOD OF YEARS, BUT ALSO FLUCTUATED ABOVE OR
BELOW THE AVERAGE FOR INDIVIDUAL POLICY YEARS. NO REPRESENTATIONS CAN BE MADE
THAT THESE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS CAN BE ACHIEVED FOR ANY ONE YEAR OR
SUSTAINED OVER ANY PERIOD OF TIME.


61








PLAN:SCHEDULED PREMIUM VARIABLE WHOLE LIFE


MALE, ISSUE AGE 40, PREFERRED UNDERWRITING RISK
SUM INSURED AT ISSUE (GUARANTEED DEATH BENEFIT) $100,000
PREMIUM SCHEDULE AT ISSUE--MODIFIED

$1,305 INITIAL BASIC PREMIUM AT ISSUE (1)
USING CURRENT CHARGES






                              Death Benefit              Surrender Value
                       --------------------------- ---------------------------
           Premiums    Assuming Hypothetical Gross Assuming Hypothetical Gross
End of   Accumulated   Annual Investment Return of Annual Investment Return of
Policy  At 5% Interest --------------------------- ---------------------------
 Year    Per Year(2)   0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross 0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross
- ------  -------------- -------- -------- --------- -------- -------- ---------
   1         1,370     100,000  100,000   100,000      461      522       584
   2         2,809     100,000  100,000   100,000    1,186    1,363     1,547
   3         4,320     100,000  100,000   100,000    1,890    2,238     2,615
   4         5,906     100,000  100,000   100,000    2,571    3,146     3,797
   5         7,571     100,000  100,000   100,000    3,230    4,095     5,110
   6         9,320     100,000  100,000   100,000    3,919    5,137     6,625
   7        11,157     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,718    6,355     8,435
   8        13,085     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,600    7,723    10,534
   9        15,109     100,000  100,000   100,000    6,580    9,259    12,953
  10        17,235     100,000  100,000   100,000    7,515   10,822    15,573
  11        19,467     100,000  100,000   100,000    8,407   12,414    18,417
  12        21,810     100,000  100,000   100,000    9,268   14,049    21,524
  13        24,271     100,000  100,000   100,000    9,840   15,472    24,666
  14        26,855     100,000  100,000   100,000   10,370   16,932    28,124
  15        29,568     100,000  100,000   100,000   10,847   18,422    31,926
  16        32,417     100,000  100,000   100,000   11,272   19,944    36,116
  17        35,408     100,000  100,000   100,000   11,635   21,492    40,734
  18        38,548     100,000  100,000   100,000   11,935   23,068    45,833
  19        41,846     100,000  100,000   100,000   12,162   24,666    51,470
  20        45,309     100,000  100,000   108,053   12,316   26,290    57,659
  25        65,398     100,000  100,000   117,689   11,779   34,762    98,314
  30        91,038     100,000  100,000   127,959    7,327   43,066   160,273
  35       132,470     100,000  100,000   138,914   20,617   59,636   249,800
  40       191,905     100,000  100,000   150,597   45,831   87,413   380,902










(1) If premiums are paid more frequently than annually the payments would be
$652.50 semiannually, $326.25 quarterly, or $108.75 on a special monthly
basis. The death benefits and surrender values shown would be affected by
the more frequent premium payments. The basic premium (annual) after a
recalculation at age 72 will be as follows: $9,445 for a hypothetical
gross investment return of 0%, $3,936 for a gross return of 6%, and $0 for
a gross return of 12%.

(2) The premiums accumulated at 5% interest in Column 2 are those payable if
the gross investment return is 6%.





IT IS EMPHASIZED THAT THE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS ARE ILLUSTRATIVE
ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE DEEMED A REPRESENTATION OF PAST OR FUTURE INVESTMENT





RESULTS. ACTUAL INVESTMENT RESULTS MAY BE MORE OR LESS THAN THOSE SHOWN AND
WILL DEPEND ON A NUMBER OF FACTORS, INCLUDING INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS MADE BY
THE OWNER. THE DEATH BENEFIT AND SURRENDER VALUE FOR A POLICY WOULD BE
DIFFERENT FROM THOSE SHOWN IF THE ACTUAL GROSS RATES OF INVESTMENT RETURN
AVERAGE 0%, 6% OR 12% OVER A PERIOD OF YEARS, BUT ALSO FLUCTUATED ABOVE OR
BELOW THE AVERAGE FOR INDIVIDUAL POLICY YEARS. NO REPRESENTATIONS CAN BE MADE
THAT THESE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS CAN BE ACHIEVED FOR ANY ONE YEAR OR
SUSTAINED OVER ANY PERIOD OF TIME.


62








PLAN:SCHEDULED PREMIUM VARIABLE WHOLE LIFE


MALE, ISSUE AGE 40, PREFERRED UNDERWRITING RISK
SUM INSURED AT ISSUE (GUARANTEED DEATH BENEFIT) $100,000
PREMIUM SCHEDULE--LEVEL

$1,954 BASIC PREMIUM (1)

USING CURRENT CHARGES






                               Death Benefit              Surrender Value
                        --------------------------- ---------------------------
            Premiums    Assuming Hypothetical Gross Assuming Hypothetical Gross
End of    Accumulated   Annual Investment Return of Annual Investment Return of
Policy   At 5% Interest --------------------------- ---------------------------
 Year     Per Year(2)   0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross 0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross
------   -------------- -------- -------- --------- -------- -------- ---------
   1          2,052     100,000  100,000   100,000    1,055    1,152     1,249
   2          4,206     100,000  100,000   100,000    2,367    2,652     2,949
   3          6,468     100,000  100,000   100,000    3,652    4,219     4,833
   4          8,843     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,908    5,854     6,919
   5         11,337     100,000  100,000   100,000    6,137    7,563     9,235
   6         13,955     100,000  100,000   100,000    7,391    9,406    11,863
   7         16,705     100,000  100,000   100,000    8,748   11,464    14,908
   8         19,592     100,000  100,000   100,000   10,185   13,716    18,377
   9         22,623     100,000  100,000   100,000   11,716   16,180    22,319
  10         25,806     100,000  100,000   100,000   13,199   18,722    26,632
  11         29,148     100,000  100,000   100,000   14,636   21,345    31,361
  12         32,657     100,000  100,000   100,000   16,040   24,066    36,564
  13         36,342     100,000  100,000   100,000   17,152   26,635    42,041
  14         40,211     100,000  100,000   105,867   18,222   29,306    48,080
  15         44,273     100,000  100,000   117,114   19,240   32,076    54,696
  16         48,538     100,000  100,000   129,035   20,207   34,955    61,944
  17         53,017     100,000  100,000   141,670   21,114   37,942    69,874
  18         57,719     100,000  100,000   155,078   21,962   41,048    78,552
  19         62,657     100,000  100,000   169,296   22,743   44,275    88,037
  20         67,841     100,000  100,000   184,414   23,458   47,635    98,407
  25         97,922     100,000  110,331   276,132   25,897   66,529   166,505
  30        136,313     100,000  131,084   402,147   25,131   88,094   270,260
  35        185,310     100,000  152,199   579,188   19,806  112,357   427,571
  40        247,845     100,000  175,474   834,056    5,524  139,709   664,057










(1) If premiums are paid more frequently than annually the payments would be
$977.00 semiannually, $488.50 quarterly, or $162.84 on a special monthly
basis. The death benefits and surrender values shown would be affected by
the more frequent premium payments.

(2) The premiums accumulated at 5% interest in Column 2 are those payable if
the gross investment return is 6%.





IT IS EMPHASIZED THAT THE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS ARE ILLUSTRATIVE
ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE DEEMED A REPRESENTATION OF PAST OR FUTURE INVESTMENT





RESULTS. ACTUAL INVESTMENT RESULTS MAY BE MORE OR LESS THAN THOSE SHOWN AND
WILL DEPEND ON A NUMBER OF FACTORS, INCLUDING INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS MADE BY
THE OWNER. THE DEATH BENEFIT AND SURRENDER VALUE FOR A POLICY WOULD BE
DIFFERENT FROM THOSE SHOWN IF THE ACTUAL GROSS RATES OF INVESTMENT RETURN
AVERAGE 0%, 6% OR 12% OVER A PERIOD OF YEARS, BUT ALSO FLUCTUATED ABOVE OR
BELOW THE AVERAGE FOR INDIVIDUAL POLICY YEARS. NO REPRESENTATIONS CAN BE MADE
THAT THESE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS CAN BE ACHIEVED FOR ANY ONE YEAR OR
SUSTAINED OVER ANY PERIOD OF TIME.


63








PLAN:SCHEDULED PREMIUM VARIABLE WHOLE LIFE


MALE, ISSUE AGE 25, STANDARD NON-SMOKER UNDERWRITING RISK SUM INSURED AT
ISSUE (GUARANTEED DEATH BENEFIT) $100,000 PREMIUM SCHEDULE--LEVEL $1,113
BASIC PREMIUM (1) USING MAXIMUM CHARGES






                              Death Benefit              Surrender Value
                       --------------------------- ---------------------------
           Premiums    Assuming Hypothetical Gross Assuming Hypothetical Gross
End of   Accumulated   Annual Investment Return of Annual Investment Return of
Policy  At 5% Interest --------------------------- ---------------------------
 Year    Per Year(2)   0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross 0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross
- ------  -------------- -------- -------- --------- -------- -------- ---------
   1         1,169     100,000  100,000    100,000     341      390        440
   2         2,396     100,000  100,000    100,000     965    1,106      1,253
   3         3,684     100,000  100,000    100,000   1,585    1,861      2,161
   4         5,037     100,000  100,000    100,000   2,199    2,655      3,171
   5         6,458     100,000  100,000    100,000   2,804    3,490      4,296
   6         7,949     100,000  100,000    100,000   3,434    4,403      5,586
   7         9,515     100,000  100,000    100,000   4,123    5,430      7,090
   8        11,160     100,000  100,000    100,000   4,864    6,566      8,814
   9        12,886     100,000  100,000    100,000   5,660    7,817     10,780
  10        14,699     100,000  100,000    100,000   6,441    9,114     12,935
  11        16,603     100,000  100,000    100,000   7,205   10,456     15,298
  12        18,602     100,000  100,000    100,000   7,951   11,847     17,891
 13         20,700     100,000  100,000    100,000   8,540   13,149     20,602
  14        22,904     100,000  100,000    100,000   9,108   14,499     23,591
  15        25,218     100,000  100,000    100,000   9,651   15,899     26,889
  16        27,647     100,000  100,000    100,000  10,168   17,347     30,527
  17        30,198     100,000  100,000    109,154  10,656   18,845     34,517
  18        32,877     100,000  100,000    119,134  11,116   20,395     38,887
  19        35,689     100,000  100,000    129,647  11,544   21,998     43,668
  20        38,643     100,000  100,000    140,733  11,941   23,658     48,901
  25        55,776     100,000  100,000    206,126  13,382   32,866     83,358
  30        77,644     100,000  100,000    292,700  13,627   43,804    136,699
  35       105,553     100,000  106,065    408,312  11,920   56,598    217,883
  40       141,173     100,000  117,567    563,496   7,095   70,892    339,783
  45       186,634     100,000  128,429    772,422       0   86,310    519,101
  50       244,655     100,000  138,427  1,053,694       0  102,190    777,863
  55       318,706     100,000  148,454  1,433,615       0  118,196  1,141,413










(1) If premiums are paid more frequently than annually the payments would be
$556.50 semiannually, $278.25 quarterly, or $92.75 on a special monthly
basis. The death benefits and surrender values shown would be affected by
the more frequent premium payments.

(2) The premiums accumulated at 5% interest in Column 2 are those payable if
the gross investment return is 6%.





IT IS EMPHASIZED THAT THE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS ARE ILLUSTRATIVE
ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE DEEMED A REPRESENTATION OF PAST OR FUTURE INVESTMENT





RESULTS. ACTUAL INVESTMENT RESULTS MAY BE MORE OR LESS THAN THOSE SHOWN AND
WILL DEPEND ON A NUMBER OF FACTORS, INCLUDING INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS MADE BY
THE OWNER. THE DEATH BENEFIT AND SURRENDER VALUE FOR A POLICY WOULD BE
DIFFERENT FROM THOSE SHOWN IF THE ACTUAL GROSS RATES OF INVESTMENT RETURN
AVERAGE 0%, 6% OR 12% OVER A PERIOD OF YEARS, BUT ALSO FLUCTUATED ABOVE OR
BELOW THE AVERAGE FOR INDIVIDUAL POLICY YEARS. NO REPRESENTATIONS CAN BE MADE
THAT THESE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS CAN BE ACHIEVED FOR ANY ONE YEAR OR
SUSTAINED OVER ANY PERIOD OF TIME.


64








PLAN:SCHEDULED PREMIUM VARIABLE WHOLE LIFE


MALE, ISSUE AGE 25, STANDARD NON-SMOKER UNDERWRITING RISK SUM INSURED AT
ISSUE (GUARANTEED DEATH BENEFIT) $100,000 PREMIUM SCHEDULE AT ISSUE--
MODIFIED $708 INITIAL BASIC PREMIUM AT ISSUE (1) USING MAXIMUM CHARGES






                               Death Benefit              Surrender Value
                        --------------------------- ---------------------------
            Premiums    Assuming Hypothetical Gross Assuming Hypothetical Gross
End of    Accumulated   Annual Investment Return of Annual Investment Return of
Policy   At 5% Interest --------------------------- ---------------------------
 Year     Per Year(2)   0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross 0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross
------   -------------- -------- -------- --------- -------- -------- ---------
   1            743     100,000  100,000   100,000        0        0        25
   2          1,524     100,000  100,000   100,000      228      302       379
   3          2,344     100,000  100,000   100,000      486      625       777
   4          3,204     100,000  100,000   100,000      741      967     1,223
   5          4,108     100,000  100,000   100,000      992    1,327     1,724
   6          5,057     100,000  100,000   100,000    1,272    1,743     2,323
   7          6,053     100,000  100,000   100,000    1,614    2,249     3,060
   8          7,099     100,000  100,000   100,000    2,011    2,838     3,935
   9          8,197     100,000  100,000   100,000    2,468    3,515     4,960
  10          9,350     100,000  100,000   100,000    2,913    4,210     6,072
  11         10,561     100,000  100,000   100,000    3,343    4,921     7,279
  12         11,833     100,000  100,000   100,000    3,759    5,648     8,589
  13         13,168     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,021    6,254     9,876
  14         14,570     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,263    6,872    11,286
  15         16,042     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,484    7,501    12,830
  16         17,587     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,680    8,139    14,520
  17         19,210     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,849    8,783    16,371
  18         20,914     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,991    9,435    18,401
  19         22,703     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,102   10,090    20,626
  20         24,581     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,183   10,750    23,071
  25         35,480     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,037   14,036    39,511
  30         49,391     100,000  100,000   140,309    3,626   16,987    65,528
  35         67,144     100,000  100,000   197,034       50   18,730   105,141
  40         89,803     100,000  100,000   273,034        0   17,822   164,637
  45        118,721     100,000  100,000   375,238        0   10,861   252,176
  50        184,148     100,000  100,000   509,400   12,554   19,232   376,052
  55        289,119     100,000  100,000   688,711   26,666   44,565   548,337










(1) If premiums are paid more frequently than annually the payments would be
$354.00 semiannually, $177.00 quarterly, or $59.00 on a special monthly
basis. The death benefits and surrender values shown would be affected by
the more frequent premium payments. The basic premium (annual) after a
recalculation at age 72 will be as follows: $9,973 for a hypothetical
gross investment return of 0%, $9,324 for a gross return of 6%, and $0 for
a gross return of 12%.

(2) The premiums accumulated at 5% interest in Column 2 are those payable if
the gross investment return is 6%.





IT IS EMPHASIZED THAT THE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS ARE ILLUSTRATIVE
ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE DEEMED A REPRESENTATION OF PAST OR FUTURE INVESTMENT





RESULTS. ACTUAL INVESTMENT RESULTS MAY BE MORE OR LESS THAN THOSE SHOWN AND
WILL DEPEND ON A NUMBER OF FACTORS, INCLUDING INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS MADE BY
THE OWNER. THE DEATH BENEFIT AND SURRENDER VALUE FOR A POLICY WOULD BE
DIFFERENT FROM THOSE SHOWN IF THE ACTUAL GROSS RATES OF INVESTMENT RETURN
AVERAGE 0%, 6% OR 12% OVER A PERIOD OF YEARS, BUT ALSO FLUCTUATED ABOVE OR
BELOW THE AVERAGE FOR INDIVIDUAL POLICY YEARS. NO REPRESENTATIONS CAN BE MADE
THAT THESE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS CAN BE ACHIEVED FOR ANY ONE YEAR OR
SUSTAINED OVER ANY PERIOD OF TIME.


65








PLAN:SCHEDULED PREMIUM VARIABLE WHOLE LIFE


MALE, ISSUE AGE 40, PREFERRED UNDERWRITING RISK
SUM INSURED AT ISSUE (GUARANTEED DEATH BENEFIT) $100,000
PREMIUM SCHEDULE--LEVEL

$1,954 BASIC PREMIUM (1)

USING MAXIMUM CHARGES






                               Death Benefit              Surrender Value
                        --------------------------- ---------------------------
            Premiums    Assuming Hypothetical Gross Assuming Hypothetical Gross
End of    Accumulated   Annual Investment Return of Annual Investment Return of
Policy   At 5% Interest --------------------------- ---------------------------
 Year     Per Year(2)   0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross 0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross
------   -------------- -------- -------- --------- -------- -------- ---------
   1          2,052     100,000  100,000   100,000      897      989     1,081
   2          4,206     100,000  100,000   100,000    2,045    2,310     2,587
   3          6,468     100,000  100,000   100,000    3,154    3,676     4,242
   4          8,843     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,222    5,086     6,062
   5         11,337     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,251    6,547     8,070
   6         13,955     100,000  100,000   100,000    6,301    8,124    10,353
   7         16,705     100,000  100,000   100,000    7,439    9,885    13,000
   8         19,592     100,000  100,000   100,000    8,648   11,817    16,022
   9         22,623     100,000  100,000   100,000    9,943   13,939    19,463
  10         25,806     100,000  100,000   100,000   11,190   16,118    23,224
  11         29,148     100,000  100,000   100,000   12,387   18,358    27,341
  12         32,657     100,000  100,000   100,000   13,527   20,656    31,852
  13         36,342     100,000  100,000   100,000   14,358   22,764    36,555
  14         40,211     100,000  100,000   100,000   15,122   24,930    41,749
  15         44,273     100,000  100,000   101,667   15,811   27,152    47,481
  16         48,538     100,000  100,000   111,933   16,422   29,433    53,734
  17         53,017     100,000  100,000   122,736   16,949   31,774    60,535
  18         57,719     100,000  100,000   134,116   17,392   34,182    67,934
  19         62,657     100,000  100,000   146,107   17,744   36,662    75,979
  20         67,841     100,000  100,000   158,768   17,999   39,216    84,722
  25         97,922     100,000  100,000   233,578   17,369   53,240   140,845
  30        136,313     100,000  103,973   332,819   11,803   69,874   223,668
  35        185,310     100,000  118,645   464,672        0   87,587   343,033
  40        247,845     100,000  133,310   642,459        0  106,139   511,512










(1) If premiums are paid more frequently than annually the payments would be
$977.00 semiannually, $488.50 quarterly, or $162.84 on a special monthly
basis. The death benefits and surrender values shown would be affected by
the more frequent premium payments.

(2) The premium accumulated at 5% interest in Column 2 are those payable is
the gross investment return is 6%.





IT IS EMPHASIZED THAT THE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS ARE ILLUSTRATIVE
ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE DEEMED A REPRESENTATION OF PAST OR FUTURE INVESTMENT





RESULTS. ACTUAL INVESTMENT RESULTS MAY BE MORE OR LESS THAN THOSE SHOWN AND
WILL DEPEND ON A NUMBER OF FACTORS, INCLUDING INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS MADE BY
THE OWNER. THE DEATH BENEFIT AND SURRENDER VALUE FOR A POLICY WOULD BE
DIFFERENT FROM THOSE SHOWN IF THE ACTUAL GROSS RATES OF INVESTMENT RETURN
AVERAGE 0%, 6% OR 12% OVER A PERIOD OF YEARS, BUT ALSO FLUCTUATED ABOVE OR
BELOW THE AVERAGE FOR INDIVIDUAL POLICY YEARS. NO REPRESENTATIONS CAN BE MADE
THAT THESE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS CAN BE ACHIEVED FOR ANY ONE YEAR OR
SUSTAINED OVER ANY PERIOD OF TIME.


66








PLAN:SCHEDULED PREMIUM VARIABLE WHOLE LIFE


MALE, ISSUE AGE 40, PREFERRED UNDERWRITING RISK
SUM INSURED AT ISSUE (GUARANTEED DEATH BENEFIT) $100,000
PREMIUM SCHEDULE AT ISSUE--MODIFIED

$1,305 INITIAL BASIC PREMIUM AT ISSUE (1)
USING MAXIMUM CHARGES






                               Death Benefit              Surrender Value
                        --------------------------- ---------------------------
            Premiums    Assuming Hypothetical Gross Assuming Hypothetical Gross
End of    Accumulated   Annual Investment Return of Annual Investment Return of
Policy   At 5% Interest --------------------------- ---------------------------
 Year     Per Year(2)   0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross 0% Gross 6% Gross 12% Gross
------   -------------- -------- -------- --------- -------- -------- ---------
   1          1,370     100,000  100,000   100,000      303      359       416
   2          2,809     100,000  100,000   100,000      861    1,018     1,182
   3          4,320     100,000  100,000   100,000    1,386    1,688     2,018
   4          5,906     100,000  100,000   100,000    1,875    2,368     2,927
   5          7,571     100,000  100,000   100,000    2,329    3,059     3,922
   6          9,320     100,000  100,000   100,000    2,808    3,826     5,079
   7         11,157     100,000  100,000   100,000    3,377    4,734     6,472
   8         13,085     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,021    5,766     8,098
   9         15,109     100,000  100,000   100,000    4,752    6,938     9,984
  10         17,235     100,000  100,000   100,000    5,437    8,114    12,009
  11         19,467     100,000  100,000   100,000    6,072    9,293    14,189
  12         21,810     100,000  100,000   100,000    6,649   10,466    16,534
  13         24,271     100,000  100,000   100,000    6,915   11,382    18,814
  14         26,855     100,000  100,000   100,000    7,111   12,281    21,290
  15         29,568     100,000  100,000   100,000    7,227   13,152    23,982
  16         32,417     100,000  100,000   100,000    7,259   13,992    26,917
  17         35,408     100,000  100,000   100,000    7,198   14,793    30,119
  18         38,548     100,000  100,000   100,000    7,043   15,551    33,628
  19         41,846     100,000  100,000   100,000    6,784   16,258    37,480
  20         45,309     100,000  100,000   100,000    6,415   16,906    41,722
  25         65,398     100,000  100,000   116,736    2,309   18,680    70,391
  30         91,038     100,000  100,000   168,738        0   15,632   113,399
  35        147,304     100,000  100,000   231,514   12,554   25,513   170,909
  40        236,838     100,000  100,000   312,557   26,666   50,059   248,851










(1) If premiums are paid more frequently than annually the payments would be
$652.50 semiannually, $326.25 quarterly, or $108.75 on a special monthly
basis. The death benefits and surrender values shown would be affected by
the more frequent premium payments. The basic premium (annual) after a
recalculation at age 72 will be as follows: $9,973 for a hypothetical
gross investment return of 0%, $8,417 for a gross return of 6%, and $0 for
a gross return of 12%.

(2) The premiums accumulated at 5% interest in Column 2 are those payable if
the gross investment return is 6%.





IT IS EMPHASIZED THAT THE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS ARE ILLUSTRATIVE
ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE DEEMED A REPRESENTATION OF PAST OR FUTURE INVESTMENT





RESULTS. ACTUAL INVESTMENT RESULTS MAY BE MORE OR LESS THAN THOSE SHOWN AND
WILL DEPEND ON A NUMBER OF FACTORS, INCLUDING INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS MADE BY
THE OWNER. THE DEATH BENEFIT AND SURRENDER VALUE FOR A POLICY WOULD BE
DIFFERENT FROM THOSE SHOWN IF THE ACTUAL GROSS RATES OF INVESTMENT RETURN
AVERAGE 0%, 6% OR 12% OVER A PERIOD OF YEARS, BUT ALSO FLUCTUATED ABOVE OR
BELOW THE AVERAGE FOR INDIVIDUAL POLICY YEARS. NO REPRESENTATIONS CAN BE MADE
THAT THESE HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT RESULTS CAN BE ACHIEVED FOR ANY ONE YEAR OR
SUSTAINED OVER ANY PERIOD OF TIME.


67






[LOGO OF JOHN HANCOCK COMPANY APPEARS HERE]




POLICIES ISSUED BY JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

JOHN HANCOCK PLACE, BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02117




S8138UVNY 5/95







PART II




UNDERTAKING TO FILE REPORTS



Subject to the terms and conditions of Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission such supplementary and periodic
information, documents, and reports as may be prescribed by any rule or
regulation of the Commission heretofore or hereafter duly adopted pursuant to
authority conferred in that Section.



UNDERTAKING REGARDING INDEMNIFICATION



Pursuant to Article 9 of John Hancock's Bylaws and Section 67 of the
Massachusetts Business Corporation Law, John Hancock indemnifies each director,
former director, officer, and former officer, and his heirs and legal
representatives from liability incurred or imposed in connection with any legal
action in which he may be involved by reason of any alleged act or omission as
an officer or a director of John Hancock.


Insofar as indemnification for liability arising under the Securities Act
of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the
registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant
has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is,
therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against
such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred
or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such
director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter
has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public
policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of
such issue.



CONTENTS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT



This Registration Statement comprises the following Papers and Documents:


The facing sheet.



Cross-Reference Table.



The prospectus consisting of 67 pages.


The undertaking to file reports.





The undertaking regarding indemnification.


The signatures.


The following exhibits:








I.A. (1)   John Hancock Board Resolution establishing the separate account.

     (2)   Not Applicable

     (3)   (a) Not Applicable.

           (b) Specimen Variable Contracts Selling Agreement between John
               Hancock and selling broker-dealers

           (c) Schedule of sales commissions.

    (4)    Not Applicable

    (5)    Form of scheduled premium variable life insurance policy included in
           the initial registration statement of this Account on this Form S-6,
           filed June 3, 1993.

   (6)     Charter and By-Laws of John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company.

   (7)     Not Applicable.

   (8)     Not Applicable.

   (9)     Not Applicable.

   (10)    Form of application for Policy included in the initial
           registration statement of this Account on Form S-6, filed
           June 3, 1993.








2. Included as exhibit 1.A(5) above


3. Opinion and consent of counsel as to securities being registered included in
the initial registration statement of this Account on this Form S-6, filed
filed June 3, 1993.





4.  Not Applicable


5.  Not Applicable


6.  Opinion and consent of actuary.


7.  Consent of independent auditors.


8.  Memorandum describing John Hancock's issuance, transfer and redemption
procedures for the policy pursuant to Rule 6e-2(b)(l2)(ii).


9.  Powers of attorney for Bodman, Gifford, Boyan, Morton, Magee, Connors,
Brown, Phillips, Booth, Vappi, Bromery, Staley, D'Alessandro, Fast, Aborn,
Bok, Feldstein, Fish, Syron and Hawley.


10. Opinion of counsel as to eligibility of this Post-Effective Amendment
for filing pursuant to Rule 485(b).










SIGNATURES



Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the John
Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company has duly caused this Post-Effective
Amendment to the Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunder duly authorized, and its seal to be hereunto fixed and
attested, all in the City of Boston and Commonwealth of Massachusetts on the
29th day of February, 1996.





JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE

INSURANCE COMPANY



(SEAL)






                                By          WILLIAM L. BOYAN
                                     ------------------------------
                                            William L. Boyan
                                              President



Attest:      FRANCIS C. CLEARY, JR.
          ---------------------------------
             Francis C. Cleary, Jr.
                  Counsel











Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Post-
Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement has been signed below by the
following persons in the capacities with John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance
Company and on the dates indicated.








 SIGNATURE                         TITLE                  DATE
 ---------                         -----                  ----



                        Executive Vice President
                        and Chief Financial Officer
                        (Principal Financial Officer
                        and Acting Principal
                        Accounting Officer)
THOMAS E. MOLONEY
- --------------------
Thomas E. Moloney                                      February 29, 1996



                       Chairman of the Board and
                       Chief Executive Officer
STEPHEN L. BROWN       (Principal Executive Officer)
- ----------------
Stephen L. Brown
for himself and as
Attorney-in-Fact                                       February 29, 1996














FOR: Foster L. Aborn         Vice Chairman of the Board
     William L. Boyan        President, Chief Operating Officer & Director
     David F. D'Alessandro   Senior Executive Vice President & Director
      Nelson S. Gifford       Director   E. James Morton        Director
      John F. Magee           Director   Thomas L. Phillips     Director
      John M. Connors         Director   Joan T. Bok            Director
      Delbert C. Staley       Director   Robert E. Fast         Director
      C. Vincent Vappi        Director   Samuel W. Bodman       Director
      Randolph W. Bromery     Director   Lawrence K. Fish       Director
      I. MacAllister Booth    Director   Kathleen F. Feldstein  Director
      Michael C. Hawley       Director











Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the
Registrant, John Hancock Mutual Variable Life Insurance Account UV, certifies
that it meets all of the requirements for effectiveness of this Registration
Statement pursuant to Rule 485(b) under the Securities Act of 1933 and has duly
caused this Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, and its seal to be
hereunto fixed and attested, all in the City of Boston and Commonwealth of
Massachusetts on the 29th day of February, 1996.



JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE ACCOUNT UV


(Registrant)



By John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company


(Depositor)


(SEAL)





By      WILLIAM L. BOYAN





William L. Boyan
President







Attest:   FRANCIS C. CLEARY, JR.
        --------------------------
          Francis C. Cleary, Jr.



               Counsel













EXHIBIT 1.A. (1)




JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY


Boston, Massachusetts


VOTE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Meeting of May 10, 1993



VOTED, with respect to separate investment accounts:


(a)  To establish one or more separate investment accounts (the
"Account"), pursuant to Section 132 G of Chapter 175 of the Massachusetts
General Laws, as amended, for the funds attributable to individual life policies
on a variable basis to be issued by the Company.  The Officers of the Company
may determine the designation of the Account and may from time to time change
its designation as they may deem necessary and appropriate.


(b)  To allocate to the Account amounts to provide for life insurance
(including benefits incidental thereto) payable in fixed or variable amounts or
both and the income, gains and losses, realized or unrealized, attributable to
the Account shall be credited to or charged against the Account without regard
to the other income, gains or losses of the Company.


(c)  To authorize the registration of the Account as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the registration of the variable
life insurance policies issued in connection with the Account as securities
under the Securities Act of 1933, and to authorize and empower the Chairman of
the Board, the Vice Chairman, the President, any Executive Vice President or the
Secretary of the Company ("Officers of the Company") to take all action
necessary to comply with the Acts, including but not limited to the execution
and filing of registration statements and amendments thereto, applications for
exemptions from the provisions of the Act as may be necessary or desirable and
amendments thereto, and agreements for the administration of the Account and for
the distribution of variable life insurance policies carrying an interest in the
Account assets and any other actions necessary under all other applicable
federal and state laws and regulations.


(d)  To authorize the Officers of the Company to take all actions
necessary to register the Account as a unit investment trust under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, and to take such related actions as they deem
necessary and appropriate to carry out the foregoing, including, without
limitation, the following:  determining that the fundamental investment policy
of the Account shall be to invest or reinvest the assets in securities issued by
such investment companies registered under





-2-


the Investment Company Act of 1940 as the Officers may designate pursuant to the
provisions of the variable life insurance products issued by the Company;
establishing one or more subaccounts within the Account to which net premiums
under the variable life policies will be allocated in accordance with
instructions received from policyowners, reserving to the officers the authority
to increase or decrease the number of subaccounts in the Account as they deem
necessary or appropriate; and investing each subaccount only in the shares of a
single mutual fund or a single portfolio of an investment company organized as a
series fund pursuant to the investment Company Act of 1940.


(e)  To authorize the Officers of the Company to deposit such amount in
the Account or in each subaccount thereof as may be necessary or appropriate to
facilitate the Account's operations; to transfer funds from time to time between
the Company's general account and the Account as deemed appropriate and
consistent with the terms of the variable life insurance policies and applicable
laws; and to establish criteria by which the Company shall institute procedures
to provide for a pass-through of voting rights to the owners of variable life
insurance policies issued by the Company, as required by applicable laws, with
respect to the shares of any investment companies which are held in the Account.


(f)  To appoint Francis C. Cleary, Jr., Counsel, as agent for service of
process or the like for the Company to receive notices and communications from
the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to such Registration
Statements or exemptive applications and amendments thereto as may be filed on
behalf of the Company concerning the Account or the variable life insurance
policies, and to exercise the powers given to such agent in the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act
of 1933, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the Securities Exchange Act of
1934.


(g)  To authorize the Officers of the Company to do or cause to be done
all things necessary or desirable, as may be advised by counsel, to comply with,
or obtain exemptions from, federal, state or local statutes or regulations that
may be applicable to the issuance and sale of variable life insurance products
by the Company.


(h)  To authorize the Company to act as the depositor for the Account and
provide all administrative services in connection with the establishment and
maintenance of the Account and in connection with the issuance and sale of
variable life insurance policies, all on such terms and subject to such
modifications as the Officers deem necessary or appropriate to effectuate the
foregoing.





-3-


(i)  To authorize the Officers of the Company to contract with a suitable
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, the shares of which
shall be purchased by the Company in order to serve as an investment vehicle for
the Account and, further, that the Officers are authorized to do all things as
they deem necessary and appropriate to carry out the foregoing.


(j)  To empower the Management Committee to authorize the execution and
delivery of such instruments and such other action as it may deem necessary or
desirable in order to carry out the purpose and intent of this vote and to
comply with applicable federal or state laws and regulations.



RAEBURN B. HATHAWAY





Raeburn B. Hathaway
Senior Vice President



and Secretary








EXHIBIT 1.A.(3)(b)




VARIABLE CONTRACTS




SELLING AGREEMENT



John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company ("JHMLICO"), as the distributor and
principal underwriter, and ("the Broker/Dealer"), enter into this agreement
effective with its execution by the Broker/Dealer for the purpose of authorizing
the Broker/Dealer to solicit applications for variable life insurance and
annuity contracts ("Contracts") distributed by JHMLICO on its own behalf and on
behalf of John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company ("JHVLICO"), a subsidiary
of JHMLICO. The parties represent as follows:


1.   JHMLICO is engaged in the issuance of variable annuity contracts and
JHVLICO is engaged in the issuance of variable life insurance contracts,
both in accordance with Federal securities laws and the applicable laws of
those states in which the Contracts have been qualified for sale.  The
Contracts are considered securities under the Securities Act of 1933;
therefore, distribution of the Contracts is made through JHMLICO as a
registered broker/dealer under the Securities Act of 1934 and as a member
of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD").


2.   The Broker/Dealer certifies that it is a registered Broker/Dealer under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and a member of the NASD.  The
Broker/Dealer agrees to abide by all rules and regulations of the NASD,
including its Rules of Fair Practice, and to comply with all applicable
state and Federal laws and the rules and regulations of authorized
regulatory agencies affecting the sale of the Contracts.


3.   The Broker/Dealer will select persons to be registered and supervised by it
who will be trained and qualified to solicit applications for the Contracts
in conformance with applicable state and Federal laws and regulations.
Persons so trained and qualified will be registered representatives of the
Broker/Dealer in accordance with the rules of the NASD and they will be
properly licensed to represent JHMLICO or JHVLICO or both in accordance
with the state insurance laws of those jurisdictions in which the Contracts
may lawfully be distributed and in which they solicit applications for such
Contracts.


4.   The Broker/Dealer will take reasonable steps to ensure that its registered
representatives shall not make recommendations to applicants to purchase
Contracts in the absence of reasonable grounds to believe the purchase of
each Contract is suitable for the applicant.  The procedure will include
review of all proposals and applications for Contracts for suitability and
completeness and correctness as to form as well as review and endorsement
on an internal record of the Broker/Dealer of





-2-


the transactions.  The Broker/Dealer will promptly forward to JHMLICO all
applications found suitable, together with any payments received with the
applications, without deduction or reduction.  JHMLICO reserves the right
to reject any Contract application and return any payment made in
connection with an application which is rejected.  Contracts issued on
applications accepted by JHMLICO or JHVLICO will be forwarded to the
registered representative of the Broker/Dealer for delivery to the Contract
owner.


5.   The Broker/Dealer will perform the selling functions required by this
agreement only in accordance with the terms and conditions of the then
current prospectus applicable to the Contracts and will make no
representations not included in the prospectus or in any authorized
supplemental material.  Any material prepared or used by the Broker/Dealer
or its registered representatives, which describes or must describe the
Contracts, or uses the name of JHVLICO, JHMLICO or the logos or Service
Marks of either must be approved by JHMLICO in writing prior to any such
use.


6.   JHMLICO will provide Broker/Dealer with prospectuses, and any supplements
or amendments thereto, describing the Contracts subject to this Agreement.
JHMLICO is responsible for maintaining in effect in accordance with the
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission each Registration
Statement of which the prospectus is part.  JHMLICO will immediately notify
Broker/Dealer of the issuance of any stop order or any Federal or state
regulatory proceeding which would prevent the sale of Contracts in any
state or jurisdiction.


7.   Compensation payable on sales of the Contracts solicited by the
Broker/Dealer will be paid to the Broker/Dealer by JHMLICO in accordance
with the compensation schedules defined under the John Hancock Mutual Life
Insurance Company/M Financial Group Master Agreement dated December 5, 1991
and the Producer Agreements related thereto, as in effect at the time the
contract premiums or considerations are received by JHMLICO or JHVLICO.
Compensation to the registered representative for contracts solicited by
the registered representative will be governed by an agreement between the
Broker/Dealer and its registered representative.  To the extent requested
by Broker/Dealer, registered representative compensation may be paid
directly to such registered representative by JHMLICO or JHVLICO.  A
portion of the compensation otherwise payable to Broker/Dealer pursuant to
the compensation schedules applicable to the Contracts shall be payable to
Mutual Service Corporation (MSC) in accordance with the agreement in effect
between M Financial Group and MSC (currently 2% of first year commissions,
1% of renewal commissions). To the extent requested by Broker/Dealer and
its registered representative, registered representative compensation shall
be paid to JH Networking Insurance Agency ("NIA") for allocation to The
John Hancock/M Financial Group Deferred Commission Plan, as in effect at
the time the compensation becomes payable.


8.   In the event of any surrender of a Contract within the 10 day "free look"
period or, in the case of a variable life insurance policy, within 10 days
after the mailing of the Notice of Withdrawal Right, any compensation
payable to Broker/Dealer or its registered representatives will not be
payable or will be refunded if priorly paid, in accordance with the terms
of the M Producer's Contract appended as Exhibit A to the Master Agreement.





-3-


9.   This agreement may not be assigned except by mutual consent and will
continue for an indefinite term, subject to the termination by either party
by ten days advance written notice to the other party, except that in the
event JHMLICO or the Broker/Dealer ceases to be a registered broker/dealer
or a member of the NASD, this agreement will immediately terminate.  Upon
its termination, all authorizations, rights and obligations shall cease,
except the agreement in Section 11, the indemnifications in Section 12 and
the payment of any accrued but unpaid compensation to the Broker/Dealer.


10.  For the purpose of compliance with any applicable Federal or state
securities laws or regulations, the Broker/Dealer acknowledges and agrees
that in performing the services covered by this agreement, it is acting in
the capacity of an independent "broker" or "dealer" as defined by the By-
Laws of the NASD and not as an agent or employee of either JHMLICO or
JHVLICO or any registered investment company.  In furtherance of its
responsibilities as a broker or dealer, the Broker/Dealer acknowledges that
it is responsible for statutory and regulatory compliance in securities
transactions involving any business produced by its registered
representatives concerning the Contracts.


For the purpose of compliance with any applicable state insurance laws or
regulations, the Broker/Dealer acknowledges and agrees that only while
performing the insurance selling functions reflected by this agreement are
the Broker/Dealer's registered representatives acting as the licensed
insurance agents of JHMLICO or JHVLICO or both and in that capacity are
authorized only to solicit applications for the Contracts which will not
become effective until acceptance by JHMLICO or JHVLICO.


11.  The Broker/Dealer and JHMLICO jointly agree to cooperate fully in any
insurance or securities regulatory investigation or proceeding or judicial
proceeding arising in connection with any Contract.  Without limiting the
foregoing:


a.  Broker/Dealer will be notified promptly of any customer complaint or
notice of any regulatory authority investigation or proceeding or
judicial proceeding received by JHMLICO with respect to any
Contract.


b.  Broker/Dealer will promptly notify JHMLICO of any customer complaint
or notice of any regulatory authority investigation or proceeding or
judicial proceeding received by Broker/Dealer with respect to any
Contract.


12.  (1) JHMLICO agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Broker/Dealer and each
person who controls or is associated with Broker/Dealer against any
losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which
Broker/Dealer or such controlling or associated person may become
subject under the 1933 Act or otherwise insofar as such losses, claims,
damages, or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or
are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading contained (i) in any Registration
Statement, any Prospectus or any document executed by JHMLICO or
JHVLICO specifically for the purpose of qualifying a Contract for sale
under the laws of any jurisdiction or (ii) in any written information
or sales material authorized for and supplied or furnished to
Broker/Dealer and its agents or representatives by





-4-


JHMLICO, its employees or agents, in connection with the sale of the
Contract and JHMLICO will reimburse Broker/Dealer and each such
controlling person for legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by
Broker/Dealer or such controlling person in connection with
investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or
action.


(2) Broker/Dealer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless such director or
officer may become subject under the 1933 Act and state JHMLICO and
each of its directors and officers against any insurance losses,
claims, damages or liabilities to which JHMLICO and any laws or
otherwise insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or
actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon:


(a) any unauthorized use of sales materials or any verbal or written
misrepresentations or any unlawful sales practices concerning a
Contract by Broker/Dealer or


(b) claims by agents or representatives or employees of
Broker/Dealer for commissions or other compensation or
remuneration of any type or


(c) failure by agents, representatives or employees of Broker/Dealer
to comply with all applicable state insurance laws and
regulations including but not limited to state licensing
requirements, rebate statutes and replacement regulations, and
the provisions of this Agreement; and Broker will reimburse
JHMLICO and any director or officer for any legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred by JHMLICO or such director or
officer in connection with investigating or defending any such
loss, claim, damage, liability or action.


(3) After receipt by a party entitled to indemnification of notice of the
commencement of any action, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made
against any person obligated to provide indemnification, such
indemnified party will notify the indemnifying party in writing of the
commencement thereof as soon as practicable thereafter, and the
omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from
any liability except to the extent that the omission results in a
failure of actual notice to the indemnifying party, and such
indemnifying party is damaged solely as a result of the failure to give
such notice.


13.  All notices to JHMLICO should be mailed to:


Mr. Henry D. Shaw, Senior Vice President
John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company
John Hancock Place

P. O. Box 111

Boston, MA  02117





-5-


All notices to the Broker/Dealer will be duly given if mailed to the
address shown below.


14.  This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.


In reliance on the representations set forth and in consideration of the
undertakings described, the parties represented below do hereby contract
and agree.




John Hancock Mutual Life              Broker-Dealer
Insurance Company






By: ____________________________      By: ________________________________

Title: _________________________      Title: _____________________________



Date of Execution                     Date of Execution __________________













EXHIBIT 1.A.(3)(c)




SCHEDULE I




SCHEDULE OF PAYMENTS




1. Commissions payable in accordance with the terms of the agreement of which
this schedule is part shall be at the rates provided for in this schedule and
shall be subject to the following conditions.



A. POLICY RATINGS



Commissions and other compensation will not be paid on temporary
dollar ratings or on the excess over the corresponding class C
extra premium for better ratings classes D and higher. However,
when an extra premium is charged by reason of occupation or
aviation activities of the insured, first-year and renewal
commissions will be paid on such extra premium applicable to
such a provision at the same rates and for the same period as
are applicable to the regular premiums on the policy.



B. 10-YEAR RENEWABLE LEVEL TERM BENEFIT PROVISION AND CHILDREN'S



INSURANCE BENEFIT PROVISION




When any such provision is attached to a policy at its date of issue,
a first-year commission will be paid on the premium applicable
to such a provision at the same rate as is applicable to the
regular premium on the policy. When any such provision is added
after issue of the basic policy, a first-year commission will
be paid on the first yearly premium applicable to such a
provision at the same rate as that which would apply to the
regular premium of the policy to which it is attached if the
policy was being issued currently. The applicable commission
rate shall be based upon the original age at issue of the
policy to which it is attached.


Upon payment of premiums on the 10-year Renewable Level Term Benefit
Provision for the eleventh policy year and each tenth year
thereafter, the regular non-vested and nontransferable service
fee will be paid only on that





portion of the premium equal to the premium for the prior
year's premium, subject to the condition that this agreement is
in force at the time the premium is collected.


Renewal commissions on renewal premiums paid under any of the above
provisions will be paid for the full renewal commission period
at the same rate as was applicable to such provision when it
was added to the policy.



C. DISABILITY BENEFIT PROVISION, ACCIDENTAL DEATH BENEFITS PROVISION,



APPLICANT DISABILITY BENEFIT PROVISION




When any such benefit provision is attached to a policy at issue or
added thereto during the first policy year, a first-year
commission will be payable at the same rate as is payable on
the regular premium of the policy to which it is attached. When
any such benefit provision is added to a policy after the first
policy year, no first-year commission will be paid. Renewal
commissions on renewal premiums on any such provision will be
at the same rate as is payable under the provisions of this
agreement on premiums on policies of the type to which the
benefit provision is attached. Renewal commissions will be paid
only until the end of the regular renewal commission period
provided for such policies. Commissions but not servicer fees
will be paid on any premium waived by the Company under a
disability benefit provision.








D. SCHEDULE OF COMMISSION RATES APPLICABLE TO PREMIUM ON POLICIES PROCURED


UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.









                                             1ST THRU     5TH YEAR
                                     FIRST   4TH YEAR     RENEWALS
                                      YEAR   RENEWALS   & THEREAFTER
                                     ------  ---------  -------------
COMMISSIONS
- -----------------------------------
Schedule Premium Variable
   Whole Life
Rate Applicable to
   Modified Premium
Rateable Ages 75 and Under

   Standard - $25,000 to $249,999     50.0%       6.0%           3.0%
   Preferred                          45.0%       6.0%           3.0%
   Standard - $250,000 and above      45.0%       6.0%           3.0%

Rate applicable to excess premium      3.0%       3.0%           3.0%

Yearly Renewable Term
   Rateable Ages 20 to 65, incl.

     Standard                         35.0%       6.0%           3.0%
     Preferred                        30.0%       6.0%           3.0%

   Rateable Ages 66 to 70, incl.

     Standard                         27.5%       6.0%           3.0%
     Preferred                        22.5%       6.0%           3.0%

   Rateable Ages 71 and over

     Standard                         20.0%       6.0%           3.0%
     Preferred                        15.0%       6.0%           3.0%












D.  EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT ALLOWANCES AND PERSISTENCY BONUSES




Expense reimbursement allowances and persistency bonuses will be
payable on policies procured under this agreement in accordance
with the terms of the Independent Producer's Commission
Agreement and the Independent Producers Expense Reimbursement
Allowance Agreement executed by and between the broker-dealer
and a general agent or district manager of Hancock.



E. POST-TERMINATION COMMISSIONS




In case this agreement shall terminate, JHVLICO will pay post-
termination commissions at rates not to exceed those shown in

Section 1 above on all premiums or installments thereof paid to
the Company on policies issued on applications procured under
this agreement, subject to the provisions of Section 1 hereof
and so long as such payments are not prohibited by NASD or



other applicable regulations.








EXHIBIT I. A. (6)




CHAP. 125




COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS




IN THE YEAR ONE THOUSAND EIGHT HUNDRED AND SIXTY-TWO



AN ACT to incorporate the John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company,


Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Court
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: Nathaniel Harris, James
P. Thorndike, Gerry W. Cochrane, their associates and successors, are hereby
made a corporation by the name of the John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance
Company, to be established and located in the City of Boston, for the purpose of
making insurance upon lives with all the powers and privileges, and subject to
the duties, liabilities and restrictions set forth in so much of the fifty-
eighth chapter of the General Statutes as related to mutual life insurance
companies, and all other acts which are or may be in force relative to such
companies.


House of Representatives, April 18, 1862
Passed to be enacted, Alex. H. Bullock, Speaker






Exhibit I. A. (6)




BY-LAWS




JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE

INSURANCE COMPANY



1. The Annual Meeting of the Company shall be held at its Home Office, on
the second Monday of April in each year, at twelve o'clock, noon. The order of
business shall be as follows:


(a) Reading the records of the previous meeting.

(b) Ballot for Directors.

(c) Report of the Directors to the policyholder.

(d) Other business, if any.


2.  Special meetings of the Company may be called by vote or written request
of three-fourths of the Directors, and the Secretary shall give notice thereof,
by advertisement in some daily newspaper published in Boston, at least seven
days before the meeting.


3.  Ten members shall constitute a quorum at any meeting of the Company, but
policyholders in arrears of premiums at the hour of meeting shall not be
entitled to vote or to be recognized as members.


4.  The Board of Directors shall consist of not more than twenty-four
members nor less than sixteen members divided into classes of not less than four
nor more than six members each, one class to be elected at each Annual Meeting,
for a term of four years. The election shall be by ballot, and the presiding
officer of the meeting shall appoint a Committee to supervise the balloting and
the count thereof.


5.  No person shall be eligible as a Director unless he be insured in the
Company to the amount of not less than one thousand dollars, and no person shall
be elected as a Director at any annual or special meeting of the Company unless
he shall have been nominated either by a majority of the Board of Directors or
by one-tenth of one percent of the members, by a writing filed with the
Secretary not more than six months nor less than ninety days before such
meeting. Such writing shall be on a form approved by the Secretary and the
signatures of the Directors or members' making such nominations shall be
authenticated or verified in such manner as he may prescribe.  The Secretary
shall make available at his office, upon written request of any member, a copy
of such approved form and a list of any members then nominated for Director. A
three-quarters vote of qualified members voting shall be necessary to elect.





6.  The Directors shall have the control and management of the business and
affairs of the Company and the distribution of its surplus funds; they shall
present a report at every Annual Meeting with the full statement of condition of
the Company, its assets and liabilities. They shall meet after the Annual
Meeting and at such meeting or some adjournment thereof shall choose by ballot
from their own number a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Vice Chairman of
the Board, a President, and at least one Vice President. They may also at such
meeting or any other regular or special meeting elect, from their own number or
not as they see fit, additional Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer and
such other officers as they shall deem proper or advisable and fill vacancies
occurring in any office. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, or in his
absence the Vice Chairman of the Board, shall preside at all meetings of the
Board of Directors. The Directors shall fix the compensation and define the
other duties of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and may fix the
compensation and may define the duties of all other officers and may remove any
officer at any time.


At their meeting after the Annual Meeting or at any regular or special
meeting they shall choose by ballot from their own number a Committee of Finance
consisting of no fewer than six members which shall include the Chairman of the
Board of Directors and the President and one or more alternate members, any of
whom may " serve in the place of any member absent from a meeting. They may also
at such meeting or any regular or special meeting choose such other committees
as they shall deem proper or advisable, fix the compensation and define the
duties of the members of such committees, fill vacancies occurring in any such
committee and remove any member of any committee.


6a. The Directors may, subject to the limits and restrictions imposed by law
and subject to such rules and regulations consistent with law that they may
make, make contributions of such sums of money as they determine to be
reasonable for public welfare or for charitable, scientific or educational
purposes.


7.  No person shall be eligible as an elective or appointed officer, who has
any interest in commissions or other compensation based on premiums or
considerations payable to the Company on any policy or contract, or on any
extension or conversion thereof, unless such policy, contract, extension, or
conversion was written and effective prior to his election or appointment.


8.  Each officer elected by the Directors shall, unless removed, hold office
until the next Annual Meeting, and until a successor is elected. Vacancies in
the Board of Directors occurring by enlargement of the Board, by failure to
elect, or otherwise, may be filled by the Directors, or at any annual or special
meeting of the Company.





8a. The Board of Directors may provide, notwithstanding other provisions of
these By-Laws, for filling vacancies in the Board in the event that due to act
of war or other disaster the number of Directors who are able and available to
act is less than a quorum.


9.  Regular meetings of the Directors shall be held without call or formal
notice on the second Monday of each month. Special meetings may be called by the
Chairman, the Vice Chairman or any five Directors, and written or printed
notices of all special meetings shall be sent to the Directors by mail,
postpaid, or personal delivery by the Secretary. A waiver of such notice in
writing signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before
or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to such notice. No
notice of any adjourned meeting of the Directors shall be required. In any case
it shall be deemed sufficient notice to a Director to send notice by mail at
least 48 hours or by personal delivery at least 24 hours before the meeting.
Five members of the Board shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number may
adjourn any meeting from time to time. When a quorum is present at any meeting,
a majority of the Directors in attendance thereat shall, except where a larger
vote is required by law or these By-Laws, decide any question brought before
such meeting.


9a. The Company shall, except as hereinafter provided and subject to
limitations of law, indemnify each Director, former Director, officer and former
officer of the Company, and any such person and any employee or former employee
of the Company who serves at the request of the Company as a Director or officer
of any other organization in which the Company directly or indirectly owns
shares or of which it is a creditor, and his heirs and legal representatives,
against all loss, liability and expense, whether heretofore or hereafter imposed
upon or incurred by him in connection with any pending or future action, suit,
proceeding or claim in which he may be involved, or with which he may be
threatened, by reason of any alleged act or omission as such Director or officer
while so serving or by reason of such Director or officer concurrently holding
office as a director of another organization of which he was a director at the
time he first became such Director or officer. Such loss, liability and expense
shall include, but not be limited to, judgments, fines, court costs, reasonable
attorneys' fees and the cost of reasonable settlements. Such indemnification
shall not cover (a) loss, liability or expense imposed or incurred in connection
with any item or matter as to which such Director or officer shall be finally
adjudicated not to have acted in good faith in the reasonable belief that his
action was in the best interests of the Company; or (b) loss, liability or
expense imposed or incurred in connection with any item or matter which shall be
settled without final adjudication unless such settlement shall have been
approved as in the best interests of the Company (1) by vote of the Board of
Directors at a meeting in which no Director participates against whom any suit
or proceeding on the same or similar grounds is then pending or threatened or

(2) by a vote of the





policyholders. As part of such indemnification, the Company may pay expenses
incurred in defending any such action, suit, proceeding or claim in advance of
the final disposition thereof upon receipt of all undertakings by the person
indemnified to repay such payment if he should be determined not to be entitled
to indemnification hereunder. The foregoing rights of indemnification shall be
in addition to any rights to which any Director, former Director, officer,
former officer, employee or former employee, heirs or Iegal representatives may
otherwise be lawfully entitled.


10. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, or in his absence the Vice
Chairman of the Board, shall preside at all the meetings of the Company. In
their absence the Directors shall elect a Chairman pro tempore. Every presiding
officer shall have the power to require from all members, including those
represented by proxy, satisfactory evidence of their right to vote.


11. The President, Vice Presidents, Secretary and Assistant Secretaries,
Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers, shall each give bond, with sufficient
sureties, in such sums as the Directors may from time to time determine, for the
faithful performance of the duties of their respective offices. The Committee of
Finance shall approve these bonds and examine them in the month of March in each
year, and the Directors may require new bonds whenever they shall see fit. The
bonds of the President and Vice Presidents shall be in the custody of the
Committee of Finance; those of the other officers shall be kept by the
President.


12. These By-Laws may be by a three-quarters vote, altered, amended or added
to, at any meeting of the Company, provided, that a copy of the proposed changes
be placed before the Directors, in writing, at least thirty days before such
meeting, but no changes shall affect the tenure of office of any officer chosen
prior thereto.


February, 1987









EXHIBIT I.A.(10)




APPLICATION FOR LIFE INSURANCE



This application is to:  [ ] John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company or

[ ] John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company,
which will sometimes hereinafter be referred to as
"the Company."





INSTRUCTIONS:


1. Please print all answers legibly in black ink.

2. Please complete only one "Page 2", depending on the plan applied for.

3. Any change or deletion must be initialed by the Proposed Insured or
Applicant.

4. Part B must be completed on all people proposed for coverage unless
they are to be medically examined.






- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Please indicate type of case, complete the necessary section, and enter/send application where indicated
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Type of Application                              Complete These Sections                           Enter/Send Application
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ ] New Life Insurance                     Part A
    Policy                                 Part B (if Nonmedical application)                      Enter case into ELUS
                                           Agreement and Signatures                                (Date entered:__/__/__)
    Replacement                            Authorization
                                           Page 9                                                  Send to Underwriting, C-5
    Pension Trust                          Pages 10-14 (if applicable)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ ] Term Conversion                        Part A (except Questions 4, 6, and 8 of Box A,
    (of John Hancock term policies         Box M, and Questions 1, 2 ,4, and 5 of Box N)           Enter case into ELUS
    and riders)                            Part B (if excess amount/riders applied for)            (Date entered:__/__/__)
                                           Agreement and Signatures
                                           Authorization (if excess amounts/riders applied for)    Send to Underwriting, C-5
                                           Page 9
                                           Pages 10-14 (if applicable)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ ] Rider Addition                         Part A (Boxes A, D, I, J, M, N, O, and S only)
    (to existing policy)                   Part B
                                           Agreement and Signatures                                Send to Contract
    Increases in Amount                    Authorization                                           Services, C-7
    (FlexV, MVL, UL)                       Page 9
                                           Pages 10-14 (if applicable)
    Option Change 1 to 2                   Use Boxes I and J on Page 2
    (FlexV, MVL, UL)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ ] Change in Rating                       Part A (Box A and S only)
                                           Part B
                                           Agreement and Signatures                                Send to Contract
                                           Authorization                                           Services, C-7
                                           Sales Credit
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ ] Contractual Changes                    Part A (Box S only)
    (e.g., Exchange of Existing Policy,    Part B (If changing to Lower Premium Plan)
    Plan Changes, Amount Reductions)       Agreement and Signatures                                Send to Contract
    Option Change 2 to 1                   Authorization (if underwriting required)                Services, C-7
    (FlexV, MVL, UL)                       Sales Credit
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------








Any person who, with intent to defraud or knowing that he is facilitating a
fraud against an insurer, submits an application or files a claim containing a
false or deceptive statement is guilty of insurance fraud.





Form 156-Comb-95      [LOGO OF JOHN HANCOCK APPEARS HERE]





Financial Services







[LOGO OF JOHN HANCOCK APPEARS HERE]

Financial Services





POSITIVE ID REQUIRED




Underwriting Requirements



Please indicate which underwriting requirements have been ordered






                                                                 ---------------------------------------
                                                                  Proposed Insured           Spouse
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Paramedical or Medical Exam                                             [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
APS in lieu of exam                                                     [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
APS                                                                     [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Blood Studies                                                           [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Inspection Report                                                       [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EKG                                                                     [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Urinalysis                                                              [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Saliva Test                                                             [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other:                                                                  [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other:                                                                  [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other:                                                                  [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other:                                                                  [_]                    [_]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------










1035 Exchange Checklist

This checklist is meant to serve as a quick reference for 1035 Exchanges.
For more detail, please refer to your IRC Section 1035 Marketing
Representative's Kit






- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1035 Internal Replacement
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Are the Replacement Forms required by the applicable state attached?                              [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is the original policy or policies being replaced attached?                                       [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is the completed Surrender Form (Policyowner Service Request Form) attached?                      [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is the Order to Pay Form (one per policy) attached?                                               [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Have application questions 3a and 3b, Page 3, Box N been completed?                               [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is the Section 1035 Exchanged adjusted 7-pay premium calculation worksheet attached?              [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If the new policy is a Modified Endowment (MEC), has page 12 of the application been signed?      [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------














- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1035 External Replacement    *May Not Be Prepaid
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Are the Replacement Forms required by the applicable state attached?                              [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is the external policy or policies being replaced attached?                                       [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is the 1035 Exchange Form 17010 attached? (One per policy)                                        [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Have application questions 3a and 3b, Page 3, Box N been completed?                               [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is the Section 1035 Exchange adjusted 7-pay premium calculation worksheet attached?               [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If the new policy is a Modified Endowment (MEC), has page 12 of the application been signed?      [_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------












Part A Statements to the Company's Agent





A. PROPOSED INSURED




1.  Name of Proposed Insured (please print):



First _________________________________  MI ________________




Last _______________________________________________________



2.  Sex    [_] Male    [_] Female


3.  Date of Birth ___/___/___


4.  Place of Birth _____________________________________________
STATE           COUNTRY, IF NOT U.S.A.


5.  Soc. Sec. Number ___ - __ - ____


6.  Height   ______ft.  ______in.   7.  Weight   __________ lbs.


8.  Occupation _________________________________________________



Military Pay Grade (if applicable) __



9.  Address ____________________________________________________
STREET ADDRESS





CITY                             STATE      ZIP



10. Home Phone (___)___ - ____


11. Work Phone (___)___ - ____


12. Best time and place for Underwriting to call (in Proposed Insured's local
time zone)__________________________________________________


13. Has the Proposed Insured smoked cigarettes or used any other tobacco
product, i.e., cigars, pipes, snuff, chewing tobacco, etc., in the past [12]
months?


[ ] Yes

[ ] No







B. BENEFICIARY OF PROCEEDS PAYABLE IN THE EVENT OF THE INSURED'S DEATH


Please indicate full name and relationship to the Proposed Insured.

(please print)



Proceeds at death of any person other than the Proposed Insured shall be paid as
provided in the applicable benefit provision.


The right is reserved to the owner to change the beneficiary as to any proceeds.







C. COMPLETE THIS BOX ONLY IF OWNER IS NOT THE PROPOSED INSURED


1.  Owner name (First, MI, Last) or name of trust or corp.

(If more space is needed, use Special Request box and check here [_])




2.  Soc. Sec. Number ___ - __ - ____

(or Tax ID Number ______ -_________________________________)


3.  Occupation__________________________________________________


4.  Relationship to Proposed Insured




5.  Date of birth ___/___/___


6.  Address





STREET ADDRESS







CITY                       STATE        ZIP



7a. (If PI is under age 15) Contingent Owner name and relationship to Proposed
Insured (If none, leave blank)





7b.  Contingent Owner age ______________________________________







D. COMPLETE THIS BOX ONLY IF SPOUSE, APPLICANT OWNER, OR CHILDREN'S RIDERS


DESIRED





1. Please give the following information for all (other than Proposed Insured)
being proposed for insurance, or Applicant Owner if Applicant Waiver applied
for. If Children's Insurance is applied for, give names of Proposed Insured's
children, adopted children, and stepchildren under age 15. If any child under
age 15 is omitted, give name and explain why in box S. on Page 4.







- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Date      Height     Weight   Relationship to    Present Total
First Name      MI   Last Name     of Birth  (ft./in.)  (lbs.)   Proposed Insured   Life Insurance
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     / /
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     / /
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     / /
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     / /
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------








2a. Spouse's occupation ____________   Military Pay Grade (if applicable)___



2b. Spouse's Soc. Sec. Number __ - __ - ____



3. Has the Proposed Insured's spouse (if applying for insurance) smoked
cigarettes or used any other tobacco product, i.e., cigars, pipes, snuff,

chewing tobacco, etc., within the past [12] months?     [ ] Yes    [ ] No





Page 1











[Logo of John Hancock Financial                                                            Part A Statements to the Company's Agent
 Services Appears Here]

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    PLEASE COMPLETE THIS PAGE IF TRADITIONAL or TERM IS DESIRED
===================================================================================================================================
 E. PLAN
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 [ ] Modified Premium Whole Life (Mod Plus)                                       [ ] Indeterminate Premium Yearly Renewable Term:
 [ ] Level Premium Whole Life (Level Plus)                                            Decreasing
 [ ] [10] Year Level Premium Term
 [ ] Indeterminate Premium Yearly Renewable                                           Interest Rate______%;     Term______years
     Term: Level
                                                                                  [ ] Other (specify)___________________________

====================================================================================================================================
 F. SUM DESIRED
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 $
   ---------------------------------------
===================================================================================================================================
 G. PAYMENT DETAILS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 1. Premium billing interval                                                      2. Do you elect to have overdue premiums
                                                                                     automatically paid, if and when applicable
    [ ] Annual                       [ ] Semiannual                                  and available, by:
    [ ] Quarterly                    [ ] Monthly(premiumatic)
    [ ] Monthly-Military Allotment                                                   a. Dividend values?        [ ] Yes   [ ] No
    [ ] Employee Consultation (Case # __________)                                    b. Policy value loan?      [ ] Yes   [ ] No

===================================================================================================================================
 H. DIVIDEND OPTION ELECTION  (Whole Life only. If AIP Rider is elected in Box below, do not choose a dividend option)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Select one of the 15 options in this box.

    [ ] A.  Taken in cash                                                         [ ] BC. Applied to premium, balance left on
    [ ] B.  Applied to premium                                                            deposit
    [ ] C.  Left on deposit                                                       [ ] BD. Applied to premium, balance to buy
    [ ] D.  Buy paid-up insurance                                                         paid-up insurance
    [ ] LA. Levelize premium, balance in cash                                     [ ] BI. Applied to premium, balance to repay
    [ ] LC. Levelize premium, balance left on                                             loan and then buy paid-up insurance
            deposit                                                               [ ] EA. Buy one-year term, balance in cash
    [ ] LD. Levelize premium, balance to buy                                      [ ] EB. Buy one-year term, balance to reduce
            paid-up insurance                                                             premium
    [ ] LI. Levelize premium, balance to repay                                    [ ] EC. Buy one-year term, balance left on
            loan and then buy paid-up insurance                                           deposit
                                                                                  [ ] ED. Buy one-year term, balance to buy
                                                                                          paid-up insurance

===================================================================================================================================
 I. RIDERS ON PROPOSED INSURED
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    [ ] Disability Waiver of Premiums                                             [ ] Paid-Up Insurance (PUI)
    [ ] Accidental Death Benefit $__________                                          [ ] Lump Sum Payment (Option 1) $_________
    [ ] YRT Level Death Benefit  $__________                                          [ ] Level Annual Premium (Option 2)
    [ ] YRT Decreasing Death Benefit $________                                             $____________ per year for ______ years
        Interest Rate_____%;  Term______years                                         [ ] Modified fill-in premium for 5 years
    [ ] Additional Insurance Protection (AIP)                                             (Option 3)
        Premium $________ Face amount $_______                                        [ ] Living Care Benefit
        Optional Lump Sum $__________                                                     (Accelerated Death Benefit)
        [ ] AIP Levelized Premium Option                                              [ ] Insurance of Insurability,
        [ ] AIP Cost Recovery Option;______years, ______%                                 Purchase Limit $_______________
        [ ] AIP Increase Option;_______years, ______%                                 [ ] Other Available Riders (please specify)
                                                                                      __________________________________________
                                                                                      __________________________________________
                                                                                      __________________________________________

===================================================================================================================================
 J. RIDERS ON  OTHER THAN PROPOSED INSURED
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (Please be sure info on any person proposed for insurance is on Page 1, Box D.)

    [ ] Children's Insurance $_________________                                   [ ] Applicant's Disability Waiver of Premiums
    [ ] YRT Level on Spouse  $_________________                                   [ ] Other Available Riders (please specify)
    [ ] YRT Decreasing on Spouse $________________                                ___________________________________________
        Interest Rate______%; Term ______years                                    ___________________________________________
                                                                                  ___________________________________________

===================================================================================================================================
                                                     Page 2 (Traditional/Term)














Part A Statements to the Company's Agent





PLEASE COMPLETE THIS PAGE IF Flex V or MVL IS DESIRED






E. PLAN







[_] Scheduled Premium Variable Whole Life Insurance (Flex V)
[_] Medallion Variable Life Insurance (MVL)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
F. SUM INSURED
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   $______________________________________________
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
H. DEATH BENEFIT OPTIONS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  [_] Option 1: Level Death Benefit
        (Guideline Premium Test)
  [_] Option 2: Variable Death Benefit
        (Guideline Premium Test)
  [_] Option 3: Level Death Benefit with Greater Funding
        (Cash Value Accumulation Test)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I. RIDERS ON OTHER THAN PROPOSED INSURED
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     (Please be sure information on any person for insurance
      is completed on Page 1, Box D.)
[_] Children's Insurance $__________________________________
[_] YRT Level on spouse  $__________________________________
[_] YRT Decreasing on Spouse $______________________________
    Interest Rate____ %; Term ____ years
[_] Applicant's Disability Payment of Required Premiums
    (Not available for MVL)
[_] Other Available Riders (please specify)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
K. SUBACCOUNT INVESTMENT OPTION
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Equity      Stock.............................. ____%
              Select Stock....................... ____%
              Special Opportunities.............. ____%
              Real Estate Equity................. ____%
              International...................... ____%
  Bond and Money Market
              Bond............................... ____%
              Short-Term U.S. Government......... ____%
              Money Market....................... ____%
  Asset Allocation
              Managed...........................  ____%
  Fixed
              Fixed Account.....................  ____%
- -------------------------------------------------------------









PERCENTAGES MUST BE WHOLE AND TOTAL 100%





Telephone Transfer and Loan Option

[_] Yes   [_] Transfer Only   [_] Loan Only   [_] No
I direct the Company to act upon telephone instructions
from the owner (a trustee, if the owner is a trust; or an
authorized business official, if the owner is a business entity)
to change future payment allocations, transfer existing funds
among the investment options, and process policy loans,
subject to the provisions of the Contract.






G. PAYMENT DETAILS




1. Premium billing interval (Choose One)

[_] Annual                            [_] Semiannual

[_] Quarterly                         [_] Monthly-(premiumatic)

[_] Monthly--Military Allotment (Not available for MVL)

[_] Employee Consultation (Case #___________)


2. Do you elect to have premiums paid         [_] Yes   [_] No
by automatic loan? (Not available for MVL)


3. Planned Premium $ ______ (Enter annual amount)
Optional: Annual increase at _____% OR $ _______ annually
for _____ years


4. Planned First Year Lump Sum $ _____________


(in addition to amount indicated in #3)






J. RIDERS ON PROPOSED INSURED




[_] Disability Payment of Required Premiums

[_] Accidental Death Benefit $ ____________

[_] Living Care Benefit (Accelerated Death Benefit)

[_] Premium Cost Recovery (YRT Death Benefit)
Term _____ years

Interest Rate ____%(Optional)

[_] Renewal Term Riders $_______________
(Choose one of the following):

[_] YRT Level Death Benefit

[_] YRT Target Term

[_] YRT Increasing Death Benefit

Interest Rate ____% Term ____ years

[_] YRT Decreasing Death Benefit

Interest Rate ____% Term ____ years

[_] Other Available Riders (Please Specify)











  --------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
L. SUITABILITY (Applies to both the Proposed Insured and if different, the
   Owner)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Have you received a prospectus for the policy applied for?   [_] Yes  [_] No
   (If YES, Prospectus Date: ______________________________)

2. Do you understand that the amount above the initial
   Death Benefit and the entire amount of the Account           [_] Yes  [_] No
   Value may increase or decrease depending on investment
   experience?

3. Is the policy and allocation of subaccounts in
   accord with your insurance objectives and your               [_] Yes  [_] No
   anticipated financial needs?

4. Have you received an illustration of benefits based          [_] Yes  [_] No
   on your Planned Premium?
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Page 2 (FlexV/MVL)











[LOGO OF JOHN HANCOCK APPEARS HERE]    Part A Statements to the Company's Agent








        Financial Services

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            PLEASE COMPLETE THIS PAGE IF UNIVERSAL LIFE IS DESIRED
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E. PLAN
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[_] Flexible Premium Adjustable Life (Universal Life)
[_] Other (specify) ____________________________________________________
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
F. SUM INSURED
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

$ ______________________________________________________________________
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
G. PAYMENT DETAILS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Premium billing interval
   [_] Annual
   [_] Quarterly
   [_] Monthly-Military Allotment
   [_] Employee Consultation (Case #_________)
   [_] Planned Single Payment
   [_] Semiannual
   [_] Monthly (premiumatic)

2. Planned premium for interval                           $ ____________

3. Intended additional first year premium                 $ ____________








Limited and Single payment projections are based on variable assumptions and are
not guaranteed. Additional premiums may have to be paid to keep your insurance
in force.






H. DEATH BENEFIT OPTION (check one)




[_]    Option 1-Sum Insured

[_]    Option 2-Sum Insured plus Policy Value






I. RIDERS ON PROPOSED INSURED




[_] Disability Waiver of Monthly Charges

[_] Accidental Death Benefit

Initial Amount $_________________________________

[_] Insurance of Insurability (issue ages 37 and under)
Increase Limit $_________________________________

[_] Living Care Benefit (Accelerated Death Benefit)

[_] Other Available Riders (please specify)











J. RIDERS ON OTHER THAN PROPOSED INSURED




(Please be sure information on any person proposed for insurance is completed on
Page 1, Box D.)

[_] Children's Insurance $_______________________________

[_] YRT Level on Spouse  $_______________________________

[_] Other Available Riders (please specify)









K. TELEPHONE LOAN OPTION




I direct the Company to act upon telephone instructions from the owner (a
trustee, if the owner is a trust, or an authorized business official, if the
owner is a business entity) to process policy loans, subject to the provisions
of the contract.



[_]  Yes    [_]  No





Page 2 (Universal Life)







Part A Statements to the Company's Agent






PLEASE COMPLETE THIS PAGE IF HIGH BAND UNIVERSAL LIVE IS DESIRED


E. PLAN

[_] Flexible Premium Adjustable Life - HBI

[_] Flexible Premium Adjustable Life - HB2




F. BENEFITS




1. Basic Sum Insured ______________________


2. Death Benefit Option (choose one)

[_] Option A - Sum Insured only

[_] Option B - Sum Insured plus Account Value

[_] Option M - Sum Insured, plus Optional Extra Death
Benefit with calculation beginning

[_] at Date of Issue or

[_] at policy year _______


3. [_] Additional Sum Insured (ASI) (check if desired)


a. Check no more than one of the following

[_] ASI of $________

[_] for life of policy or [_]________policy years.

[_] with Total Sum Insured increasing by

[_]____% or [_]$______per year for

[_] life of policy or [_]____policy years.

[_] Customized Schedule (list by policy year or years):








Policy Year(s)         ASI Amount
--------------         ----------
______-_______       $ _______________  (1)
______-_______       $ _______________  (2)
______-_______       $ _______________  (3)
______-_______       $ _______________  (4)
______-_______       $ _______________  (5)
______-_______       $ _______________  (6)
______-_______       $ _______________  (7)
______-_______       $ _______________  (8)
______-_______       $ _______________  (9)
______-_______       $ _______________  (10)
(If more space needed, attach separate schedule)








b. [_] Premium Cost Recovery

[_] life of policy or [_]______ policy years
Optional: Recovery increase percentage___________%
Optional: Recovery increase years__________






G. PAYMENT DETAILS




1. Premium Billing Interval


[_] Annual                     [_] Semiannual

[_] Quarterly                  [_] Monthly (premiumatic only)

[_] Employee Consultation (Case#__________)


2. Planned Premium (Check a or b, or Target Premium will be billed.)


a. [_] $______________annually for______years(s)
Optional: Annual Increase of______% OR
$____________annually for _____year(s)
Additional first year Planned Premium $_____________


b. [_] Customized Schedule (list by policy year or years):








          Policy Year(s)         Planned Premium Amount
          --------------         ----------------------
          ______-_______       $ _______________  (1)
          ______-_______       $ _______________  (2)
          ______-_______       $ _______________  (3)
          ______-_______       $ _______________  (4)
          ______-_______       $ _______________  (5)
          ______-_______       $ _______________  (6)
          ______-_______       $ _______________  (7)
          ______-_______       $ _______________  (8)
          ______-_______       $ _______________  (9)
          ______-_______       $ _______________  (10)
          (If more space needed, attach separate schedule)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------









H. RIDERS ON PROPOSED INSURED





[_] Disability Waiver of Monthly Charges

[_] Living Care Benefit (Accelerated Death Benefit)

[_] Other Available Riders (please specify)













I. LIFE INSURANCE DEFINITION





[_] Cash Value Accumulation Test  [_] Guideline Premium Test






K. TELEPHONE LOAN OPTION




I direct the Company to act upon telephone instructions from the owner (a
trustee, if the owner is a trust or an authorized business official, if the
owner is a business entity) to process policy loans, subject to the provisions
of the contract.

[_] Yes     [_] No







Page 2 (Universal Life HB1/HB2)







Part A Statements to the Company's Agent





M. UNDERWRITING INFORMATION


("ANY PERSON" MEANS ANY PERSON BEING PROPOSED FOR INSURANCE ON THIS PART A.)


1. Has any person done in the past three years, or intend to do any:






     a. flying except as a passenger on regularly
        scheduled airlines?                                      [ ] Yes  [ ] No
        (If yes, please complete aviation questionnaire.)
     b. skin/scuba diving, parachuting, motorized racing,
        or other hazardous sports?                               [ ] Yes  [ ] No
        (If yes, please complete avocation questionnaire.)
2. In the past three years has any person been convicted
   of two or more motor vehicle moving violations or had
   a driving license suspended or revoked?                       [ ] Yes  [ ] No
3. In the past 10 years has any person been convicted of
   or incarcerated for the violation of any criminal law
   (unless later acquited), are any criminal charges now
   pending against any person, or is any person currently
   on probation?                                                 [ ] Yes  [ ] No
4. Does any person intend to reside or travel outside
   the U.S. or Canada?                                           [ ] Yes  [ ] No

If any of questions 2 - 4 are answered "yes", please explain:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
N. OTHER INSURANCE/REPLACEMENT INFORMATION
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Give information indicated as to all insurance in force on any person
   proposed for insurance, including term riders.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Company        Issue Year   Plan    Amount    ADB Amount  Business Insurance?
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              [_] Yes [_] No
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              [_] Yes [_] No
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              [_] Yes [_] No
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              [_] Yes [_] No
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              [_] Yes [_] No
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Is any other insurance application now pending or
   contemplated on the life of any person proposed for
   insurance?                                                 [ ] Yes  [ ] No
   If yes, which person(s)?
                           -----------------------------------------------------
   What company(ies)/amounts?
                             ---------------------------------------------------
3a. Is the insurance applied for intended to replace
    or change any life insurance or annuity now in
    force on any person proposed for insurance? (If
    yes, give writing company of insurance being
    replaced, policy number, and insurance amount.)           [ ] Yes  [ ] No
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------









Company              Policy #          Amount  Company  Policy #  Amount









3b. Check this box if this case is a 1035 exchange [_]



(Please refer to inside front cover for 1035 Exchange Guidelines.)




4. Is Disability Insurance with Provident or Long Term Care Insurance with John
Hancock currently being applied for?

[_] No  [_] Yes, DI (Date of application ____________  )

[_] Yes, LTC (Date of application ___________________  )

5. Has any application for life, disability, or health
insurance on any person being proposed for insurance
ever been declined, postponed, or modified?                [ ] Yes  [ ] No

(If "Yes," give most recent company, including John Hancock.)





COMPANY                          APPROXIMATE DATE








O. PLEASE COMPLETE THIS BOX ONLY IF ADVANCE PAYMENT IS BEING MADE


1. How much advance payment is included with this Part A? $ ____________
(Write check to John Hancock Mutual Life or John Hancock Variable Life, as

appropriate. 1035 external replacements may not be prepaid.)





Page 3






Part A Statements to the Company's Agent





P. CUSTOM DATING (OPTIONAL)




If no other date request is indicated, our regular dating practices will apply.


[_] Back date to save age        [_] Issue date of      ___ / ___ /___


(Generally, for FlexV and MVL the issue date may not be earlier than the Part A
date.)






R. CONVERSION DETAILS  Note: Complete this box only for conversion of Term

Insurance. Children's Insurance, or Purchase Options (1 of 1, SPB, PPB)




1. [_] This is a    [_] Full    [_] Partial    Term Conversion from:








------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
a. Policy Number              Conversion Type       Amount Converted        Amount Remaining In Force
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Base Policy Amount
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------
#                             ___________ Rider
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              ___________ Rider
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
b. Policy Number              Conversion Type       Amount Converted        Amount Remaining In Force
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Base Policy Amount
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------
#                             ___________ Rider
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              ___________ Rider
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------








2. [_] Conversion of Children's Insurance from Policy # ________________________


3. [_] This is an election under  [_] 1 of 1 [_] SPB [_]PPB from Policy #_______


[_] Regular Purchase Date, OR [_] Alternate Purchase Date because of ________
on  ___ / ___ / ___


4. Is Insured now totally disabled, or is Insured receiving any payments for
sickness or injury?    [_] Yes   [_] No

(If yes, give details in Box S below.)




S. SPECIAL REQUESTS




[_] Please change Question ____ in Box ____ on Page ____ of this Part A to read:






[_] Conversion - Benefits Carried Over  [_] Conversion - Preferred Requested


[_] Contractual Change Request   Please change Policy Number _______ as follows:








[_] Change Planned Premium, if applicable, for above contractual change.



(FLEXV, MVL, UL only)


[_] Other special requests:










Page 4





[LOGO OF JOHN HANCOCK APPEARS HERE]     Part B Statements to the Company's Agent
Financial Services




COMPLETE FOR NON-MEDICAL APPLICATIONS ONLY




Please give full details below for every "Yes" answer to Questions 1 - 4 as
to each person proposed for insurance, who is referred to below as "any
person." BE SURE TO INCLUDE THE NAMES/ADDRESSES OF ANY TREATMENT PROVIDERS.


1. Has any person ever been treated for or had any known indication of disease
of the heart or blood vessels, chest pain or high blood pressure, stroke or
paralysis, diabetes, tumor or cancer, convulsions, kidney disease, gastro-
intestinal disease, mental or psychiatric disorder, lung or respiratory
disease, or blood disorder?

[ ] Yes   [ ] No


2. Has any person had or ever been diagnosed or treated by a physician or other
medical practitioner for Human Immunodeficiency Virus III or Acquired Immune
Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS)?

[ ] Yes   [ ] No


3. Within the past 5 years has any person received counseling or treatment
regarding the use of alcohol, drugs, illegal drugs, or used any illegal drug
or controlled substance?

[ ] Yes   [ ] No


4. Other than the above, within the past 5 years has any person

a) been admitted to a hospital or other medical or rehabilitation
facility?          [ ] Yes   [ ] No

b) consulted or been treated by a physician, or had a medical exam or
checkup?           [ ] Yes   [ ] No


5. Is any person proposed for insurance currently taking any prescription drug?

[ ] Yes   [ ] No
If yes, which person? _______________________________________________________
What drugs? How frequently? _________________________________________________


6. If the Proposed Insured has a personal physician, please enter name, address,
and details below.  Otherwise leave blank.





FIRST NAME                   MI                    LAST NAME







STREET ADDRESS                           CITY            STATE       ZIP CODE



Date last seen____________________    Reason(s) last seen____________________




Details to "yes" answers.



Question No.___________________________________



Name of person_________________________________



Condition______________________________________



Date of onset_________ Last occurrence_________


Treatment/medication, if any___________________


Names/addresses of physicians/hospitals providing treatment









Question No.___________________________________



Name of person_________________________________



Condition______________________________________



Date of onset_________ Last occurrence_________


Treatment/medication, if any___________________


Names/addresses of physicians/hospitals providing treatment











Question No.___________________________________



Name of person_________________________________



Condition______________________________________



Date of onset_________ Last occurrence_________


Treatment/medication, if any___________________


Names/addresses of physicians/hospitals providing treatment











Question No.___________________________________



Name of person_________________________________



Condition______________________________________



Date of onset_________ Last occurrence_________


Treatment/medication, if any___________________


Names/addresses of physicians/hospitals providing treatment









Please record any additional details on a separate piece of paper.





Page 5







AGREEMENT AND SIGNATURES




A. The statements and answers on pages 1 through 5 of Part A and Part B of the
attached application are, to the best of my knowledge and belief, complete,
true, and correctly recorded. All statements and answers are representations
and not warranties, and with all Parts B of the attached application will
form the basis for and be a part of any new policy or additional benefit
provision issued on this application.


B. Coverage will take effect as provided in and subject to the terms and
conditions of Conditional Temporary Insurance Agreement Form 156-TIA-95
bearing the same date and number of this Part A if: (1) an advance payment of
at least the Minimum Temporary Insurance Premium is made with this Part A
which satisfies the requirements of such Conditional Temporary Insurance
Agreement; and (2) the amount applied for in this and all other applications
now pending in John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company and the John
Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company does not exceed $1,000,000 life
insurance.


C. If the applicant has a right to have the new policy issued as requested
without completing any Part B, the new policy will take effect as of its Date
of Issue, provided the initial payment has been made with this application.


D. In cases other than those described in B and C above, any new policy or
Benefit provision will take effect as of the Date of Issue of the policy,
but: (1) only on delivery to and receipt by the Applicant of the policy and
payment of the minimum initial premium thereon and (2) only if at the time of
such delivery and payment each person proposed for insurance in parts A and B
of this application is living and has not consulted or been examined or
treated by a physician or practitioner since the latest Part B pertaining to
such person was completed.


E. No agent or medical examiner is authorized to make or discharge contracts or
waive or change any of the conditions or provisions of any application,
policy, or receipt, or to accept risks or pass on insurability.  Any such
unauthorized action is not notice to or knowledge of the company.  A medical
examiner is not an agent of the Company.


Provisions F and G apply only if FlexV or MVL  is applied for


F. All benefits, payments, and values, including the Death Benefit and Account
or Cash Value, under any policy issued which is based upon the investment
experience of a separate investment account may increase or decrease in
accordance with the investment experience of the separate investment account
and are not guaranteed as to fixed dollar amount. The Account Value or Cash
Value may even decrease to zero.


G. The registered representative's signature below certifies that a prospectus
for the policy applied for has been given to the Proposed Insured and/or to
the Applicant and that no written sales materials other than those approved
by JHVLICO have been used.


Provisions H, I, J, K, and L apply if the policy applied for is a term
conversion or purchase option


H. The new policy will be a new, separate contract. If the new policy is issued
in exchange for the original insurance, all liability of the Company under
the original insurance will cease when the new policy takes effect. Until the
new policy is issued, coverage will still be in force under the original
policy. Coverage under the new policy will take effect as indicated in
Paragraph C above.


I. The application for the original insurance, unless such insurance is now
incontestable, and the application for each additional benefit provision
which is to be retained as specified on page 2 of this Application, unless
such provision is now incontestable, will also form a basis for and be a part
of the new policy.


J. If the original policy or benefit provision is being exchanged and is subject
to an assignment, the new policy will be subject to the same assignment
unless it is discharged or, in the case of a policy loan assignment, unless
the indebtedness has been repaid.


K. If the new policy is issued in exchange for the original policy, any
nonforfeiture option election applicable to the original policy will be
applicable to the new policy, if available, unless otherwise requested in
writing.


L. Ownership and control of any policy issued on the attached application will
be determined by the terms of the new policy.




All statements and answers in this application are to the best of my
knowledge and belief, true and complete. They are representations and not
warranties. I assent to this application.








_______________________________________    _____________________________________
Signature of Proposed Insured,             Applicant's Signature
if other than Applicant
and age 15 or over

_______________________________________    _____________________________________
Signature of Proposed Insured's Spouse,    Witness (Agent must witness where
if proposed for insurance                  required by law)


_______________________________________    _____________________________________
Policyowner, Assignee or irrevocable       City or Town               State
Beneficiary (Signature required only for
exchange of policy or benefit provisions)
                                           on__________________, 19_____
                                                   Date








Page 6





This page is intentionally left blank







TO BE COMPLETED IN EVERY CASE. DO NOT DETACH





Authorization and Acknowledgment



I hereby authorize any licensed physician, medical practitioner, hospital,
clinic, or other medical or medically related facility, insurance company, the
Medical Information Bureau or other organization, institution, or person that
has any records or knowledge regarding each of the undersigned and any children
of the undersigned if proposed for insurance to give to the John Hancock Company
or its affiliates and reinsurers any such information, including information
concerning every condition for which each has been under observation or
treatment, including if the information specified contains information related
to treatment for drug and/or alcohol abuse or for psychiatric and/or mental
conditions, the history obtained, physical and laboratory findings, diagnosis
and treatment. I hereby authorize the Company to release any records or other
information in their possession regarding each of the undersigned, and any
children of the undersigned if proposed for insurance, to the JH Networking
Insurance Agency, Inc. which may use this information in its efforts to secure
insurance coverage for substandard risks with other insurance companies, a list
of which is available upon request.


I acknowledge receipt of the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act notice which
contains on the reverse side a notice concerning the Medical Information Bureau.


A copy of this authorization is as valid as the original. This
authorization is valid for 24 months from the date of the proposed Insured's
signature.








______________________________________    _____________________________________
Signature of Proposed Insured's Spouse,   Signature of Proposed Insured, if age
if proposed for Insurance                 15 or over, or Applicant if Proposed
                                          Insured is under age 15


______________________________________    _________________________19__________
Name of Proposed Insured, if under 15                Date
(please print)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    REFERRED LEADS: TO BE DETACHED IN AGENCY
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  ____________________________________________________________
     FIRST NAME             MI         LAST NAME

  ____________________________________________________________
     STREET ADDRESS

  ____________________________________________________________
     CITY                              STATE      ZIP

  Home Phone     (____)____-______

  Work Phone     (____)____-______


  ____________________________________________________________
     FIRST NAME             MI         LAST NAME

  ____________________________________________________________
     STREET ADDRESS

  ____________________________________________________________
     CITY                              STATE      ZIP

  Home Phone     (____)____-______

  Work Phone     (____)____-______









MORE ON REVERSE







DETACH THIS SECTION AND GIVE TO CLIENT





JOHN HANCOCK MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

JOHN HANCOCK VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




Notice to Each Person Proposed for New or Changed Coverage



As required by the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act, we wish to advise
that in connection with the insurance (or change in coverage) applied for, an
investigative consumer report may be requested by the Company with respect to
any person proposed for insurance or change in coverage. Such a report may
contain information as to character, general reputation, personal
characteristics and mode of living of such person, and is customarily obtained
through personal interviews with neighbors, friends, or associates of the
subject of the report. You have a right to make a written request for
information as to the nature and scope of any such report under the Act by
writing to us at:


John Hancock

P.O. Box 111 John Hancock Place
Underwriting - Federal Fair Credit Control C-5
Boston, Massachusetts 02117


For identification purposes, your request must include your full name,
birthdate, address, and any applicable policy number.




Page 7






[LOGO OF JOHN HANCOCK APPEARS HERE]

Financial Services







REFERRED LEADS: TO BE DETACHED IN AGENCY








  ___________________________________________________________________________
  FIRST NAME                     MI                    LAST NAME

  ___________________________________________________________________________
  STREET ADDRESS

  ___________________________________________________________________________
  CITY                                          STATE        ZIP

  Home Phone(____)_____-_______

  Work Phone(____)_____-_______
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  ___________________________________________________________________________
  FIRST NAME                     MI                    LAST NAME

  ___________________________________________________________________________
  STREET ADDRESS

  ___________________________________________________________________________
  CITY                                          STATE        ZIP

  Home Phone(____)_____-_______

  Work Phone(____)_____-_______
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------










DETACH THIS SECTION AND GIVE TO CLIENT




Information obtained about your insurability will be treated as
confidential. The Company may, however, make a brief report thereon to the
Medical Information Bureau, a non-profit membership organization of life
insurance companies which operates an information exchange on behalf of its
members. If you apply to another Bureau member company for life or health
insurance coverage, or a claim for benefits is submitted to such a company, the
Bureau, upon request, will supply such company with the information it may have
in its file.

Upon receipt of a request from you, the Bureau will arrange disclosure of
any information it may have in your file. If you question the accuracy of
information in the Bureau's file, you may contact the Bureau and seek a
correction in accordance with procedures similar to those set forth in the
Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act.

The address of the Bureau's information office is:


Medical Information Bureau
Post Office Box 105, Essex Station
Boston, Massachusetts 02112
Telephone (617) 426-3660


The Company may also release limited information in its file to other
properly authorized life insurance companies to which you may apply for life or
health insurance, or to which a claim for benefits may be submitted.

Information may be released to proper regulatory agencies on request and to
insurance companies in connection with reinsurance.

Underwriting actions are not reported to the Bureau, nor is the Company
informed through the Bureau of the underwriting actions of other companies to
whom you may have applied for life or health insurance.






Form 156-Comb-95



Page 8









- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   SALES CREDIT FOR APPLICATION
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   AGENCY NAME             ORD. CODE    CITY TAX  GA/AM INITIALS
[_______________________]  [_][_][_]  [_][_][_][_]  [_][_][_]

SALES/STAFF MGR. NAME            NUMBER    1      MARKETING REP. NAME    CONTRACT    MARKTG REP. #     MARKTG TERR. #     %
[_______________________]  [_][_][_][_][_][_]  [_______________________]  [_][_]  [_][_][_][_][_][_]  [_][_][_][_][_]  [_][_][_]

SALES/STAFF MGR. NAME            NUMBER    2      MARKETING REP. NAME    CONTRACT    MARKTG REP. #     MARKTG TERR. #     %
[_______________________]  [_][_][_][_][_][_]  [_______________________]  [_][_]  [_][_][_][_][_][_]  [_][_][_][_][_]  [_][_][_]

SALES/STAFF MGR. NAME            NUMBER    3      MARKETING REP. NAME    CONTRACT    MARKTG REP. #     MARKTG TERR. #     %
[_______________________]  [_][_][_][_][_][_]  [_______________________]  [_][_]  [_][_][_][_][_][_]  [_][_][_][_][_]  [_][_][_]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------













SUPPLEMENTARY UNDERWRITING INFORMATION (REQUIRED FOR ALL CASES)


1. Please provide the Proposed Insured's addresses for the last two years.



Time at Residence    Street Address            City/Town           State  ZIP



See Part A, Page 1







___yrs. ___mos.      ___________________________________________________________
___yrs. ___mos.      ___________________________________________________________
___yrs. ___mos.      ___________________________________________________________








2. Please provide the Proposed Insured's employment details for the last two
years.








Time Employed        Employer Name  Street Address  City/Town  State  ZIP

___yrs. ___mos.      ___________________________________________________________
___yrs. ___mos.      ___________________________________________________________
___yrs. ___mos.      ___________________________________________________________

3. Driver's License  State__________  Number_____________








4. How long have you known the Proposed Insured? ______________


5. Are you related to the Proposed Insured? [_] Yes (relationship)_______ [_] No


6. Has Proposed Insured been known by any   [_] Yes (what names)_________ [_] No
other names within the last ten years?


7. Check the ONE choice that best describes the Proposed Insured's marital
status (in case of juvenile insurance, the premium payor).


[_] a. Married with ONE spouse working full time for pay


[_] b. Married with BOTH spouses working full time for pay


[_] c. Retired married couple


[_] d. Never married


[_] e. Divorced


[_] f. Widowed


[_] g. Other____________________________


8. What is the approximate household income of the Proposed Insured?


[_] a. Less than $20,000

[_] b. $20,000 to $29,000

[_] c. $30,000 to $39,000

[_] d. $40,000 to $49,000

[_] e. $50,000 to $74,999

[_] f. $75,000 to $100,000

[_] g. More than $100,000


9. What is the approximate household income of the Policy Owner?


[_] a. Less than $20,000

[_] b. $20,000 to $29,000

[_] c. $30,000 to $39,000

[_] d. $40,000 to $49,000

[_] e. $50,000 to $74,999

[_] f. $75,000 to $100,000

[_] g. More than $100,000


10.  (For contractual changes) To the best of your      [_] Yes        [_] No
knowledge, is the Insured now in good health?




From my knowledge and investigation, the proposed insured is of temperate
habits and good moral character, and I know nothing affecting the insurability
of the Proposed Insured not stated hereon, and I recommend his/her acceptance
without qualification.

Proposed Insured interviewed by me on ___/___/___.

The Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act notice has been delivered as required.






Sales Manager/Staff Manager/Marketing Representative




- -------AGENT--------------------------------------------------------------------
Is the insurance applied for a replacement according to John Hancock's current
replacement rules? [_] Yes  [_] No




This application and report have been reviewed by me, and I recommend risk.





General Agent/Agency Manager






Page 9






[lOGO OF JOHN HANCOCK APPEARS HERE]

Financial Services






AUTHORIZATION FOR PREMIUMATIC BILLING (DO NOT REMOVE FROM APPLICATION)




I authorize the John Hancock Company to deduct the monthly premiums for the
policy applied for on this application from the bank account listed below. I
understand that the deduction will take place on or about the third Friday of
each month.


Transit Routing Number__________________________
PC Control Number (If an existing account)_________
Bank Account Number__________________________________________
EFTS Transfer Code____

Name(s) of Depositor(s)__________________________
Signature(s) of Depositor(s)___________________________







PLEASE COMPLETE ANY SECTION BELOW THAT PERTAINS TO THIS CASE


I. COMPLETE FOR MILITARY CASES

1.  Permanent U.S. Residence________________________________________________

2.  Pay Grade____________________

3.  Soc. Sec. or ID# of person entering allotment___________________________


4.  Anticipated date of discharge or retirement__________month___________year


II. COMPLETE FOR JUVENILE OR CHILDREN'S INSURANCE

1.  Did you see the Proposed Insured/Child?

[_]Yes  [_]No (If not, explain on additional sheet of paper.)

2.  With whom does Proposed Insured/Child reside?
Name_________________________________________________
Relationship to Proposed Insured/Child__________________________

3. Is Proposed Insured in school?     [_]Yes  (Grade_____)    [_]No

4. Amount of life insurance in force or applied for on the:

Father $________________    Mother $________________

5. Are all siblings under age 15 insured for at least this amount?


[_]Yes    [_]No (If not, explain on additional sheet of paper.)


III. COMPLETE FOR ALTERNATE PREMIUM PAYMENT PLAN POLICIES

1.   Alternate premium payment payment plan testing should begin at year______

(Same year should be indicated on page 11.)

2.   Has the Policyowner read and signed page 11 of this application?

[_]Yes     [_]No




IV.  COMPLETE FOR MODIFIED ENDOWMENTS

1.   Does the sales illustration show that the policy applied for is a Modified
Endowment Contract (MEC)?   [_]Yes     [_]No

2.   If yes, has the Policyowner signed the MEC Acknowledgment Form on Page 12?

[_]Yes     [_]No




V.   COMPLETE FOR BUSINESS INSURANCE

1.   Authorized officer signing the application
Name___________________________    Title___________________________

2.   Amount of business insurance already in force on Proposed Insured
$________________________

3.   Proposed Insured's total compensation from the business for each of the
last two years.

Year_________  Compensation $______________
Year_________  Compensation $______________

4. Total book value of business   $______________________

5. Total market value of business $______________________

6. Year founded or incorporated _________________________

7. % of business owned by Proposed Insured _____________%




VI.  COMPLETE FOR ADVANCED SALES CASES

1. Does this insurance satisfy one of the estate and business needs listed
below?   [_]Yes      [_]No
If yes, check one need catagory and one sales concept, if applicable.

1   [_]Estate Conservation
a [_] Irrevocable Trust Owned
b [_] Adult Children Owned

2   [_]Business Continuation
c [_] Stock Redemption
d [_] Stock Purchase

3   [_]Qualified Retirement Plan (Pension, Profit Sharing, 401(k), HR-10)

4   [_]Individually Owned Insurance
e [_] Collateral Assignment Split Dollar
f [_] Executive Bonus

5   [_]Non-Qualified Retirement Plan
g [_] Salary Continuation
h [_] True Deferral
i [_] Death Benefit Only
j [_] Severance Benefit

6   [_]Corporate Owned Insurance
k [_] Endorsement Split Dollar
l [_] Key Person
m [_] Business Loan

7   [_]Charitable Insurance




VII. COMPLETE FOR COLLEGE SAVINGS PLUS


1. Is this insurance part of a College Savings Plus Plan?   [_]Yes      [_]No





Page 10








REQUEST TO USE POLICY VALUES TO PAY PREMIUMS (TRADITIONAL ONLY)


I elect to have my policy premiums paid by non-guaranteed policy values, if
sufficient, beginning in the year selected below. This payment option is
possible only if future dividend and/or cash values are large enough to pay the
required premium which is due each year. Lower dividends, policy loans, or
withdrawals taken from the policy could cause additional premiums to be
required. John Hancock recommends that I review illustrations using various
dividend projections to understand how actual dividend experience may affect the
policy values and payment schedule.




ALTERNATE PREMIUM PAYMENT PLAN COMMENCEMENT




I elect to have the Alternate Premium Payment Plan begin in policy year______.
This year is based upon an illustration at issue assuming (circle one) CURRENT
or REDUCED dividend scale (Indicate reduction from current scale by ___%
interest).


At the beginning of the year indicated above, John Hancock will test my policy
using the dividend scale in effect at that time. If the test shows that
projected policy values are adequate to pay all future premiums based on that
current dividend scale, my premiums will be eligible to be paid from policy
values. If the test shows that projected policy values are not adequate to pay
all future premiums, the test will continue to be repeated each year. Policy
premiums will be eligible to be paid in the earliest year when values are shown
to be sufficient to pay all future premiums.


John Hancock will notify me in writing when my policy becomes eligible for this
payment option. At that time i may choose to allow the Alternate Premium Payment
Plan to begin, or I may choose to continue to pay premiums in cash to further
build my policy's values.




ALTERNATE PREMIUM PAYMENT PLAN MECHANICS




When I elect the Alternate Premium Payment Plan, policy values will be applied
in the following order to pay the premium amount due:


1.  Dividends declared for payment on the policy anniversary;


2.  Amounts accumulated, if any, of dividends on deposit;


3.  Surrender value of any paid-up insurance.




CHANGES IN ALTERNATE PREMIUM PAYMENT PLAN STATUS




Any of the following may affect my future eligibility to begin or continue to
pay my premiums from policy values:


.   Partial surrenders of paid-up additions or paid-up insurance;


.   Policy loans;


.   Actual dividends which are less than those projected (dividends are not
guaranteed);


.   Changes in the dividend option;


.   Any requested change to the policy that affects the premium.


John Hancock strongly recommends that I review policy illustrations using
various dividend assumptions to see the impact of lower than current dividend
scales and the impact on the Alternate Premium Payment Plan.


If at any time, policy values are not sufficient to pay the amount of premium
then required, no policy values will be applied to pay premiums, and billing for

the required premium will resume. I will be notified if that occurs.


ACKNOWLEDGMENT




I UNDERSTAND THAT I HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO USE NON-GUARANTEED POLICY VALUES TO
PAY REQUIRED PREMIUM PAYMENTS. I UNDERSTAND THAT THE YEAR INDICATED ABOVE
REPRESENTS THE YEAR TO BEGIN TESTING FOR THE ALTERNATE PREMIUM PAYMENT PLAN, AND
THAT THIS YEAR IS NOT GUARANTEED AND DEPENDENT ON POLICY VALUES ACTUALLY
AVAILABLE AT THE TIME OF THE TEST AND THE DIVIDEND SCALE THEN APPLICABLE TO MY
POLICY.




Policyowner Signature __________________________  Date ________________





Page 11








NOTICE OF POTENTIAL INCOME TAX IMPLICATIONS FOR MODIFIED ENDOWMENT CONTRACTS




On November 10, 1988, the Technical and Miscellaneous Revenue Act of 1988
(TAMRA) was signed by President Reagan. This law changes the income taxation of
cash withdrawn from certain affected life insurance policies called Modified
Endowment Contracts, or MECs. Due to the amount of premium you plan to pay into
this policy, you will be affected by this law.


It is important for you to understand that all distributions made from your
policy as applied for, including policy loans, withdrawals, partial surrenders
and certain dividends, will be considered to be a distribution of any gain. This
means that if your policy is in a gain position when the withdrawal is made
(i.e., the value of your policy exceeds the amount you've paid into it), you
will owe ordinary income tax on the amount you withdraw. In addition, a 10%
penalty tax is imposed by the IRS on any taxable distribution made prior to age
59 1/2, except on disability or if taken in the form of an annuity.


The insurance proceeds payable to your beneficiary upon the death of the
Proposed Insured will continue to be income tax free under current legislation.


This notice is designed to inform you of the income taxation of life insurance
based upon our understanding of the information currently available. It is not
intended to provide you with legal advice, which neither John Hancock nor its
Representatives can give. Therefore, if you have questions as to the
applicability of any provision of the law, you should seek the advice of your
own tax and legal counsel.


If you wish to modify your planned premium payments to avoid creating a Modified
Endowment Contract, your Marketing Representative will assist you. Otherwise,
please sign the Acknowledgment below.






POLICYOWNER ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND SIGNATURE




I have read the above Notice of Potential Income Tax Implications. I understand
that my premium payments will cause the proposed policy to become a Modified
Endowment. I also understand the potential income tax effects of a distribution
from a Modified Endowment.






Policyowner Signature                                Date
                     ----------------------------        -----------------------

________________________________________________________________________________










TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER CERTIFICATION





PART I.-TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER



Enter the Owner's taxpayer identification
number in the appropriate box. For most
individual taxpayers, this is the social
security number.




Social Security number






OR




Employer identification number







PART 2.-BACKUP WITHHOLDING



Check the appropriate box.


(a) Owner is NOT subject to backup withholding

[_]  under the provisions of section 3406(a)(l)(c) of
the Internal Revenue Code.


(b) Owner is subject to backup withholding

[_]  under the provisions of section 3406(a)(l)(c) of
the Internal Revenue Code.




Certification: Under the penalties of perjury, I certify that the information
provided above is true, correct, and complete.




Signature_________________________________    Date_______________





Page 12








REQUEST FOR PREMIUMATIC BILLING: PLEASE SEND TO AUTOMATIC COLLECTIONS, C-8


Please make sure that the Premiumatic Authorization on Page 10 is completed and
signed.



Name of Insured ____________________     Policy Number ________________________



1. All cases: please check one of a or b

[_] a. This is a new Premiumatic account. Please attach either 1) a blank
voided check; 2) a copy of the Payor's check for the initial premium;
or 3) a copy of a cancelled check.


Note: Do not send voided check until policy is issued.


[_] b. This is an addition to an existing Premiumatic account.

Control Number_________________________________________________________


2. Required for FlexV, UL, MVL
Please place policy on Premiumatic effective _____ / _____.


3. If you have other comments, please check here: [_] and use reverse side.








   Agency Name __________________________   Ord Code __________________________

   Submitted by _________________________   Date ______________________________
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             RECEIPT AND CONDITIONAL TEMPORARY INSURANCE AGREEMENT
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 . This Receipt and Conditional Temporary Insurance Agreement is governed by
  Agreement B of the application bearing the same number as this receipt.

 . There is a TOTAL temporary insurance coverage limit of $250,000 on all
  applications pending on each person proposed for insurance with John Hancock
  Mutual Life Insurance Company and John Hancock Variable Life Insurance
  Company, regardless of the number of applications, and the face amounts of the
  policies applied for.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                    6861590
  Proposed Insured ______________________     Application Number _______________

  Plan ___________________________________    Date _____________________________








Received from________________  the sum of $_____________ paid with application
to John Hancock Company with the same date and number as this receipt. This
receipt is issued on the condition that any check, draft, or other order for
the payment of money is good and can be collected.


Please make all premium checks payable to the company under which your
application is being made (John Hancock Mutual Life or John Hancock Variable
Life), at John Hancock Place, Boston, MA. Do not make check payable to the
agent or leave the payee blank.




Conditions of Temporary Insurance Coverage. 1) The amount received must be at
least the Minimum Temporary Insurance Premium, 2) Parts A and B of the
application and any required medical examinations and tests must be completed,
and 3) The following questions are answered "NO."


a. In the past two years, has any person proposed for insurance consulted a
physician, been diagnosed with, or had treatment for heart disease,
stroke, or cancer?_______


b. Has any person proposed for insurance been hospitalized within the past 6
months or been advised by a physician that he or she needs hospitalization
for any reason (other than for normal pregnancy)?_______


c. Within the past 5 years has any person received counseling or treatment
regarding the use of alcohol, drugs, illegal drugs, or used any illegal
drug or controlled substance?_______


d. In the past 3 years has any person had a driving license suspended or
revoked?_______


Commencement of Temporary Insurance Coverage. If the above Conditions of
Temporary Insurance Coverage are met, coverage in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the policy applied for will take effect on the latest "Completion
Date" of all persons proposed for insurance. Each person's "Completion Date"
will be the date of completion of the latest of the Parts A and B of the
application and any medical examinations and tests required by the Company's
published initial underwriting requirements, according to the age and amount
applied for.


Amount of Temporary Insurance Coverage. The amount of Coverage will be the
lesser of: 1) the amount applied for on each person excluding the amount payable
under Option 1 of the Paid Up Insurance Rider, if applied for, unless the amount
received with the application is equal to or greater than (i) the Minimum
Temporary Insurance Premium plus (ii) the Lump Sum Payment shown on Page 2
(Traditional/Term) in Box 1; and 2) $250,000. However, the amount of coverage
will never exceed $250,000 LESS the total of all amounts payable under all
conditional temporary insurance agreements issued by John Hancock Mutual Life
Insurance Company or John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company in connection
with any insurance application pending on the proposed insured as of the date of
this Receipt and Conditional Temporary Insurance Agreement. No benefit will be
paid under this Agreement if the Proposed Insured's death results, directly or
indirectly, or wholly or partially, from intentionally self-inflicted injury
while sane, or self-inflicted injury while insane.


(continued on reverse)




Page 13







REQUEST FOR PREMIUMATIC BILLING (CONTINUED)





Special Premiumatic Requests:








Receipt and Conditional Temporary Insurance Agreement (continued)



Fraud Warning. Any person who, with intent to defraud or knowing that he is
facilitating a fraud against an insurer, submits an application or files a claim
containing a false or deceptive statement is guilty of insurance fraud.


Termination of Temporary Insurance Coverage. The conditional temporary insurance
coverage provided by this Agreement will end on the earliest of:


1) The commencement of coverage under the policy issued on the basis of the
application.


2) The date the Applicant refuses to accept the policy as offered for delivery.


3) The date the application is declined or deemed declined (Policy is deemed
declined if not approved within 60 days of the latest Completion Date.).
Notice of any such declination will be furnished.


If termination occurs under 2) or 3) above, the amount paid will be returned on
surrender of this Receipt. In no event will coverage be in effect under both
this Conditional Temporary Insurance Agreement and any policy issued on the
basis of the application, and any amendment thereto, with the same date and
number as this Receipt and Conditional Temporary Insurance Agreement.


Commencement of Coverage Under the Policy. Coverage under any policy issued on
the basis of the application will replace the coverage provided by this
Agreement as of the policy Date of Issue but only if:


1) The policy is delivered to and accepted by the Applicant while all persons
proposed for insurance are living and within 60 days of the latest
"Completion Date," and


2) The balance of any premium required for the policy as delivered is paid
while all persons proposed for insurance are living and within 60 days after
the latest "Completion Date."


Minimum Temporary Insurance Premium. The Minimum Temporary Insurance Premium is
one month's proportionate part of the premium according to the Company's
published rates for the policy and premium interval applied for.








  (check one)    [ ] John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company
                 [ ] John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company


- ------------------------------------       ------------------------------------









PROPOSED INSURED               DATE        MARKETING REPRESENTATIVE       DATE




(To be used in event of refund of payment)


Received of the John Hancock Company, Boston, Massachusetts, the sum of $_____.
The amount mentioned in the receipt on the reverse side hereof.



Date _____________________________, 19______  _________________________________






Page 14








EXHIBIT 6



February 22,1996


Board of Directors

John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company



Members of the Board:



This opinion is furnished in connection with this Post Effective Amendment to
the Registration Statement on Form S-6  by John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance
Company (JHMLICO) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to
the scheduled premium variable life insurance policy under which amounts will be
allocated by JHMLICO to one or more of the subaccounts of John Hancock Mutual
Life Insurance Account UV ("Account"). The scheduled premium policy is described
in the prospectus included in the amended Registration Statement.


The policy form was prepared under my direction, and I am familiar with the
Registration Statement and exhibits thereto.  In my opinion:


1. Except to the extent that exemptive relief is applicable, the "sales load",
as defined in paragraph (c) (4) of Rule 6(e)-2 under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, shall not exceed 9 per centum of the payments to be made
thereon during the period equal to the lesser of 20 years or the anticipated
life expectancy of the insured named in the policy based on the 1980
Commissioners Standard Ordinary Mortality Tables. Such sales load during the
first two policy years will not exceed 30 per centum of payments made for the
first policy year plus 10 per centum of payments made for the second policy
year.


2. Except to the extent that exemptive relief is applicable, the proportionate
amount of sales load deducted from any payment during the policy period shall
not exceed the proportionate amount deducted from any prior payment during
the policy period.





-2-


3. The illustrations of death benefit, surrender value, and accumulated premiums
shown in the appendix of the scheduled premium prospectus included in the
Registration Statement, based on the assumptions stated in the illustrations,
are consistent with the provisions of the policy. The rate structure of the
policies has not been designed so as to make the relationship between
premiums and benefits, as shown in the illustrations, appear more favorable
to a prospective purchaser of a policy for a standard risk nonsmoker male age
25 or a standard risk nonsmoker male age 40, than to prospective purchasers
of policies for a male at other ages or in another risk classification or for
a female.


4. The table of illustrative premium rates in the prospectus contains the
premium rates to be charged by JHMLICO for a male insured under the Level or
Modified Premium Schedule with the Sum Insured at Issue and issue ages shown
in the table.


5. The illustration of insurance coverage provided for the options on lapse in
the prospectus, based on the assumptions stated in the illustrations, is
consistent with the provisions of the policy.


I hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement and to the use of my name relating to actuarial matters under the
heading "Experts" in the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement.






/s/Randi M. Sterrn
-----------------
Randi M. Sterrn, FSA

Senior Associate Actuary













EXHIBIT 7




CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS



We consent to the reference to our firm under the caption "Experts" in the
Prospectus and to the use of our reports dated February 9, 1996, with respect to
the financial statements of John Hancock Mutual Variable Life Insurance Account
UV and dated February 7, 1996 with respect to the financial statements of John
Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, included in this Post-Effective Amendment
No. 3 to the Registration Statement (Form S-6, No. 33-63842).






                                      /s/ Ernst & Young LLP
                                      ERNST & YOUNG LLP


Boston, Massachusetts
March 4, 1996









FCC0149.DOC









EXHIBIT 8




June, 1993 (as amended January, 1994)



Description of JHMLICO's and JHVLICO's Issuance,
Transfer and Redemption Procedures for Policies
Pursuant to Rule 6e-2(b) (12) (ii)


and


Method of Effecting Conversion to Fixed Benefit Policies

Pursuant to Rule 6e-2(b) (13) (v) (B).




Set forth below is the information called for under Rule 6e-2(b) (12)

(ii) and Rule 6e-2(b) (13) (v) (B) under the Investment Company Act
1940 ("1940 Act") regarding certain procedures under John Hancock
Mutual Life Insurance Company's ("JHMLICO") and John Hancock Variable
Life Insurance Company's ("JHVLICO") Scheduled Premium Variable Life
Insurance Policies (hereinafter referred to individually as the
"Policy" and collectively as the "Policies").


Rule 6e-2(b) (12) (ii) provides an exemption for a variable life
insurance separate account, its sponsoring insurance company, its
investment adviser and its principal underwriter from Sections 22(d),
22(e) and 27(c) (1) of the 1940 Act and Rule 22c-1 thereunder for
issuance, transfer and redemption procedures under a variable life
insurance Policy to the extent necessary to assure compliance with
Rule 6e-2, state insurance law or established administrative
procedures of the life insurance company.  The Rule requires, as a
condition for exemption, that such procedures be reasonable, fair and
nondiscriminatory, and be disclosed in the registration statement
filed with respect to such variable life insurance policies.


JHMLICO and JHVLICO represent that their procedures meet the foregoing
standards of Rule 6e-2(b) (12) (ii), based on the following facts and
circumstances:


1. Because of the insurance nature of the Policies and, in certain
instances, as a result of the requirements of the state insurance
laws, the procedures necessarily differ in significant respects from
the procedures for mutual funds and contractual plans for which the
1940 Act was designed.





-2-


2. Many of the procedures have been adapted from those established and
utilized in connection with the administration of JHMLICO's fixed
benefit life insurance policies and earlier versions of variable life
insurance policies issued by its subsidiary, JHVLICO.


3. Certain procedures, including the 24-month conversion right to
fixed benefit policies, are required by Rule 6e-2.


4. JHMLICO and JHVLICO, in structuring their procedures to comply with
Rule 6e-2, state insurance laws, and their established administrative
procedures, have attempted to meet the intent of the 1940 Act to the
extent deemed feasible.


5. Generally speaking, the state insurance laws to which both JHMLICO
and JHVLICO are subject reflect the fundamental principle that the
procedures shall not be unfair, unreasonable or unjustly
discriminatory to any policyholder.


6. Because of the intricate insurance methodology underlying the
procedures, it is often difficult to determine, with certainty,
whether and to what extent a particular procedure, or a given step to
that procedure, deviates from a specific requirement of Section 22(d),
22(e) or 27(c) (1) of the 1940 Act or Rule 22c-1 thereunder.


Accordingly, the summary below includes the principal Policy
provisions and procedures that might be deemed to constitute, either
directly or indirectly, accommodation of the 1940 Act requirements and
insurance practices.  Given the complexities of the Policies'
operations, the summary, although comprehensive, does not attempt to
treat each and every mechanical variation or permutation that might
occur and does not repeat every provision or procedure that is already
set forth in the registration statement or exhibits thereto.  At the
same time, the summary, in order to provide a comprehensive view of
the procedures, includes certain procedural steps that do not
constitute a deviation from the Sections and Rule cited above.


Rule 6e-2(b) (13) (v) (B) grants an exemption for a variable life
insurance separate account, its sponsoring insurance company, its
investment adviser and its principal underwriter from Section 27(d) of
the 1940 Act for variable life insurance policies which allow the
policyholder to convert a variable life insurance policy into a fixed
benefit life insurance policy at any time during the first 24 months


after





issuance.  The Rule requires, as a condition for exemption, that
the method of computing any adjustments made in payments or cash
values to reflect variances between the payments and


-3-


cash values under the original policy and new policy be set out in an
exhibit to the registration statement filed with respect to the
variable life insurance Policy.  JHMLICO's and JHVLICO's Policies
provide for such a conversion privilege.  No adjustments in payments
and cash values are made upon exercise of that privilege, as described
below.


This memorandum divides the information called for by Rules 6e-2(b)

(12) (ii) and 6e-2(b) (13) (v) (B) into three parts. The first part
summarizes procedures under the policies which might be deemed to
involve, either directly or indirectly, a "redemption" within the
meaning of the 1940 Act. The second part summarizes procedures which
might be deemed to involve, either directly or indirectly, a
"purchase" transaction. The third part summarizes the procedures for
converting a Policy to a fixed benefit Policy.*/




Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this
memorandum have the same meaning as are defined in the prospectus
contained in the applicable registration statement.




*/ If an Owner requests a "purchase" or "redemption" transaction which




is impossible (for example, allocation of a





loan or partial surrender to subaccounts which have insufficient
assets to support said allocation) or impermissible (such as a
reduction in the Basic Death Benefit below the minimum required
amount), JHMLICO will notify the Policy Owner to determine what
action, if any, the Policy Owner wishes to take instead. This exhibit
refers to procedures as they affect the respective variable accounts
of JHMLICO and JHVLICO ("the Account") used in funding the Policies.
Except as otherwise stated herein, these procedures do not necessarily
reflect the Fixed Account under the Policies which is held in the
General Account of each insurer. Whenever reference is made herein to
JHMLICO it should also be read as JHVLICO, insofar as JHVLICO and its
Account are concerned, each insurer having adopted identical
procedures.


-4-



I.  "Redemption" Procedures:




Surrender and Related Transactions




JHMLICO's Policies provide for the payment of monies to a policyholder
("Owner") or beneficiary upon presentation to JHMLICO of a Policy.
Such presentation might be deemed to constitute, either directly or
indirectly, a "redemption" of the Owner's interest within the meaning
of the 1940 Act.  Set forth below is a summary of the principal policy
provisions and procedures which might be viewed as involving such a
"redemption".  The principal difference between such "redemptions" and
redemptions it the mutual fund or contractual plan context is that
under the Policies, the payee may be deemed not to receive a pro rata
or proportionate share of the assets in JHMLICO's account within the
meaning of the 1940 Act.  The amount received by the payee will depend
upon the particular benefit for which the Policy is presented,
including, for example the  Surrender Value or Death Benefit.


There are also certain Policy provisions -- such as options on lapse -

- under which the Policy will not be presented to JHMLICO but which
will affect the Owner's benefits and involve a transfer of the assets
supporting the Policy reserve out of the Account.  Finally, state
insurance law may require that certain requirements be met before
JHMLICO is permitted to make payments to the payee.


A.  SURRENDER VALUES


If the insured party under a Policy ("Insured") is alive, JHMLICO will
pay, within seven days, the Surrender Value next computed after
receipt, at its Home Office, of the Policy and a signed request for
surrender.  Computations with respect to the investment experience of
the subaccounts will be made as





of 4:00 p.m., New York City time, on each day during which the New
York Stock Exchange is open for trading and on which the fund values
its shares. This will enable JHMLICO to pay the Surrender Value based
on the next computed value after a request is received. While no
premium is in default, the Surrender Value is equal to the Account
Value less any indebtedness, less any Contingent Deferred Sales
Charges and less any Administrative Surrender Charge. In general, the
Account Value for any day equals the Policy Account Value for the
previous day, increased by any net premium and decreased by any
charges against the Account Value, accumulated at the subaccount's
rate of return after charges against the Account. The Contingent
Deferred Sales Charge is deducted from the Policy Account Value upon
surrender of the Policy during the first thirteen Policy years after
issue. (It is deducted for fewer than thirteen years at certain issue
ages).


The amount of this charge is calculated on the basis of the premium
under the Modified Schedule for the issue age of the Policy.  Lower
percentages apply at higher issue ages.  The total charge for sales
load, including the Contingent Deferred Sales Charge, over the lesser
of 20 years or the life expectancy of the insured, will not exceed 9%
of the Basic Premium at issue over that period.  No minimum amount of
Policy Account Value is guaranteed.  JHMLICO will make the payment of
the Surrender Value out of its General Account and


-5-


transfer assets from the Account to the General Account for the
amounts held for the Policy in the Account.


The Administrative Surrender Charge is deducted from a Policy's
Account Value upon its surrender or lapse in the first nine Policy
years after issue.  The amount of this charge is determined as an
amount per thousand of Guaranteed Death Benefit.  Currently the charge
is waived for a Policy with more than $250,000 of Guaranteed Death
Benefit at the time of surrender or lapse and is reduced for all other
Policies.


In lieu of payment of the Surrender Value upon surrender of a Policy
in a single sum, an election may be made to apply all or a portion of
the proceeds under one of the benefit settlement options described in
the Policy or, with the approval of JHMLICO, under other optional
methods of settlement available from JHMLICO.  The election may be
made by the Owner during the Insured's lifetime, or, if no election is
in effect at death, by the beneficiary.  The benefit settlement
options are subject to the restrictions and limitations set forth in
the Policy.


B.  PARTIAL SURRENDER


A Policy may be partially surrendered in accordance with Rule 6e-2(b)

(12) (ii).  The Policy after the Partial Surrender





must have aninitial Sum Insured at least as great as the minimum issue
size for that type or Policy.


When a Policy is partially surrendered, there is a proportionate
reduction in Death Benefit, Account Value, Surrender Value, Contingent
Deferred Sales Charge, Administrative Surrender Charge, Required
Premium Target, Loans, Rider/Rating Premium, and Basic Premium.


If there is an outstanding Policy loan on the Policy, the outstanding
indebtedness after the Partial Surrender can not exceed the then
current available Loan Value.


Partial Surrenders will be effected as of the end of the Valuation
Period in which all materials necessary to complete the Partial
Surrender (including a written request in proper form and the Policy)
are received at JHMLICO's Home Office.  Similar to the surrender
transaction, JHMLICO will pay, within seven days, the resulting
Surrender Value computed.


-6-



C.  DEATH CLAIMS



JHMLICO will pay a death benefit to the beneficiary within seven days
after receipt at its Home Office of due proof of death of the Insured,
and all other requirements necessary 1/ to make payment.  Provided the




Policy is in full force, 2/ the Death Benefit will be the greater of




(1) the Guaranteed Death Benefit (and Excess Value, if any, under the
variable death benefit option) plus all premiums received after the
last processing date prior to the Insured's date of death less any
indebtedness on the date of death, and (2) the Account Value at the
end of the Valuation Period in which death occurs multiplied by the
applicable Death Benefit Factor or Corridor Factor, as applicable,
less any indebtedness on the date of death.  The Death Benefit is also
less any premium in default if death occurs during the 61 day grace
period.  The Guaranteed Death Benefit is equal to the Basic Death
Benefit.





The proceeds payable on death also reflect interest from the date of
death to the date of payment.


JHMLICO will make payment of the Death Benefit out of its General
Account, and will transfer assets from the Account to the General
Account in an amount equal to the amount held in the Account for the
Policy terminated by death.  The excess of the Guaranteed Death
Benefit over the Current Death Benefit, if any, will be paid out of a
General Account reserve maintained for that purpose.


In lieu of payment of the Death Benefit in a single sum, a settlement
option may be selected as described in Section I.A, above.




1/State insurance laws impose various requirements, such as receipt of




a tax waiver before payment of the Death Benefit may be made.  In
addition, payment of the Death Benefit is subject to the provisions of
the Policy regarding suicide and incontestability.



2/"In full force", means that the insurance under the Policy is being




continued for the greater of the Guaranteed Death Benefit and the
Current Death Benefit, and that no unpaid premium is more than 61 days
overdue.



-7-



D.  DEFAULT AND OPTIONS ON LAPSE


On each applicable processing date, JHMLICO compares the Cumulative
Premium Balance under a Policy on the immediately preceding Valuation
Date with the Required Premium Target on such Valuation Date.  If the
Cumulative Premium Balance is then less than the Required Premium
Target for the Policy, the Policy can be in default on that Processing
Date.  The premium requirement will also be deemed satisfied on the
last Valuation Date of any Policy month if adequate Excess Value
(defined below) is available on the scheduled due date.  If both of
the tests fail, the Policy is in default.  The





difference between the Cumulative Premium Balance and the Required
Premium Target is the amount in default.


The Policy provides that any amount in default may be paid within a
61-day grace period after the date of default.  Written notice will be
furnished to the Owner at his or her last known address, at least 61
days prior to the end of the grace period, specifying the minimum
amount which must be paid to continue the Policy in force on a premium
paying basis after the end of the grace period.  If a payment at least
equal to the amount in default is not received by the end of the grace
period the Policy will lapse.  If payment by the Owner of an amount in
default is received prior to the end of the grace period, the Policy
will no longer be in default.  The portion of the payment equal to the
amount in default will be processed as if it had been received on the
processing date of the Cumulative Premium Test; any excess payment
will be processed as of the date of receipt.


The insurance continues in full force during the grace period but, if
the insured dies during the grace period, the amount in default will
be deducted from the amount of Death Benefit otherwise payable.


If a Policy lapses, the Surrender Value under the Policy on the date
of lapse is applied under one of the following options for continued
insurance not requiring further payment of premiums.  These options
provide for Variable or Fixed paid-Up Insurance or Fixed Extended Term
Insurance on the life of the insured commencing on the date of lapse.


Both the Variable and Fixed Paid-Up Insurance options provide an
amount of paid-up whole life insurance determined in accordance with
the Policy which the Surrender Value will purchase.  The amount of
Variable Paid-Up Insurance may then increase or decrease, subject to
any guarantee, in accordance with the investment experience of the
subaccount.  The Fixed Extended Term Insurance option provides a fixed
amount of insurance determined in accordance with the Policy, with the
insurance coverage continuing for as long a period as the available
Policy values will purchase.


If no option has been elected before the end of the grace period, the
Fixed Extended Term insurance option automatically applies unless the
amount of Fixed Paid-Up Insurance would equal or exceed the amount of
Fixed Extended Term Insurance or unless the insured is a substandard
risk, in either of which cases Fixed Paid-Up Insurance is provided.


-8-


The Variable Paid-Up Insurance option is not available unless the
initial amount of Variable Paid-Up Insurance is at least $5000.





A Policy continued under any option may be surrendered for its
Surrender Value while the insured is living.  Loans may be available
under the Variable and Fixed Paid-Up Insurance options.


E.  POLICY LOAN


Loans may be made at any time a Loan Value is available after the
first Policy year.  The Owner may borrow money on completion of a form
satisfactory to JHMLICO assigning the Policy as the only security for
the loan.  Payment of the loan will be made from JHMLICO's  Home
Office.  The Loan Value will be 75% of the Surrender Value in Policy
years two and three and 90% of the Surrender Value in later Policy
years.  Interest accrues and is compounded daily at an effective
annual rate determined by John Hancock at the start of each Policy
year.  This interest rate will not exceed the greater of (1) the
"Published Monthly Average" (defined below) for the calendar month
ending 2 months before the calendar month of the Policy anniversary or

(2)5%.  The "Published Monthly Average" means Moody's Corporate Bond
Yield Average-Monthly Average Corporate, as published by Moody's
Investors Service, Inc., or if the average is no longer published, a
substantially similar average established by the insurance regulator
where the Policy is issued.


The amount of any outstanding loan plus accrued interest is called the
"indebtedness".  Except when used to pay premiums, a loan will not be
permitted unless its is at least $300.  The Owner may repay all or a
portion of any indebtedness while the insured is living and premiums
are being duly paid.  When a loan is made, shares are redeemed in an
aggregate equal to the amount of the loan and this aggregate value is
allocated to the Loan Account.  The shares redeemed will be redeemed
in each subaccount in the same proportion as the Account Value is then
allocated among the subaccounts.  Upon each loan repayment, the same
proportionate amount of the entire loan as was borrowed from the Fixed
Account will be repaid to the Fixed Account.  The remainder of the
loan repayment will be allocated to the appropriate subaccounts as
stipulated in the current Investment Rule.


Loan interest which is not paid by a Policy anniversary will be added
to the loan principal by automatically effecting an additional Policy
loan.  Amounts transferred to the Policy loan account are credited
with interest at 1% less than the loan interest rate per annum for the
first 20 Policy years and .50% less than the loan interest rate per
annum in years 21 and beyond, which interest is transferred to the
subaccount when the loan is repaid, according to the Investment Rule
then in affect.


A loan does not directly affect the amount of the Required Premium.
While the indebtedness is outstanding, that portion of the Account
Value that is in the Loan Account is credited with interest at a rate
of 1% less than the loan rate for the first 20 Policy years and .50%
less than the loan rate in years 21 and later, a rate which will
usually be different





-9-


than the net return for the subaccounts.  Since the Loan Account and
the remaining portion of the Account Value will generally have
different rates of investment return, any Death Benefit above the
Guaranteed Death Benefit, the Account Value, and the Surrender Value
are permanently affected by any indebtedness, whether or not repaid in
whole or in part.  The amount of any outstanding indebtedness is
subtracted from the amount otherwise payable when the Policy proceeds
become payable.


Whenever the indebtedness equals or exceeds the Surrender Value, the
Policy terminates 31 days after notice has been mailed by JHMLICO to
the Owner and any assignee of record at their last known addresses,
unless a repayment of the excess indebtedness is made within that
period.



F. TRANSFERS AMONG VARIABLE SUBACCOUNTS




The Owner may reallocate the amounts held for the Policy in the
variable subaccounts in each Policy year without charge. The Owner may
use either percentages (in whole numbers) or designate the dollar
amount of funds to be transferred between subaccounts.  The
reallocation must be such that the total in the subaccounts after
reallocation equals 100%.  The change will be effective at the end of
the Valuation Period in which JHMLICO receives at its Home Office
notice satisfactory to JHMLICO.


G.  CONVERSION PRIVILEGE


The conversion privilege provided in a accordance with Rule 6e-2(b)

(13) (v) (B) under the 1940 Act is discussed under III. below.


H.  PARTIAL WITHDRAWAL OF EXCESS VALUE


An Owner may withdraw Excess Value from the Policy on or after the
first Policy anniversary.  This privilege, which reduces the Account
Value by the amount of the withdrawal and the associated charge, may
be exercised only once in a Policy year and will be effective as of
the end of the Valuation Period in which JHMLICO receives written
notice satisfactory to it at its Home Office.  The minimum amount that
may be withdrawn is $500.  Unless the Current Death Benefit exceeds
the Guaranteed Death Benefit, a partial withdrawal will not affect the
Death Benefit Payable.  An amount equal to $25 is charged against
Account Value for each partial withdrawal.  When a withdrawal of
Excess Value is made, the Premium Component, if any, is treated as
having been withdrawn first.  Amounts withdrawn from the Premium
Component reduce the cumulative premium balance.



II.  PURCHASE AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS




Set out below is a summary of the principal provisions of the Policies
and administrative procedures thereunder that might





be deemed to constitute, either directly or indirectly, a "purchase"
transaction within the meaning of the 1940 Act. The summary shows
that, because of the insurance nature of the Policies, the procedures
involved necessarily differ in certain significant respects form the
purchase procedures for mutual funds and contractual plans. The chief
differences


-10-


revolve around the premium rate structure and the insurance
underwriting (i.e., evaluation of risk) process.  There are also
certain Policy provisions -- such as reinstatement -- which do not
result in the issuance of a Policy but which required certain payments
by the Owner and involve a transfer of assets supporting the Policy
reserve into the Account.



A.  PREMIUM SCHEDULES AND UNDERWRITING STANDARDS




Premiums for JHMLICO's Policies will not be the same for all Owners.
The chief reason is that the principle of pooling and distribution of
mortality risks is based upon the assumption that each Owner pays a
premium commensurate with the Insured's mortality risk which is
actuarially determined based upon factors such as age, sex, smoking
status, health and occupation.  In the context of life insurance as
contrasted with mutual funds, a uniform premium (or "public offering
price") for all Insured's would discriminate unfairly in favor of
those Insured's representing greater mortality risks to the
disadvantage of those representing lesser risks.  Accordingly,
although there will be no uniform "Public offering price" for all
Insured's, there will be a single "price" for all Insured's in a given
actuarial category.


The Policies will be offered and sold pursuant to established premium
schedules 3/ and underwriting standards and in accordance with state




insurance laws.  Such laws prohibit unfair discrimination among
Policyholders, but recognize that premiums may be based upon factors
such as age, sex, smoking status, health, and occupation.  In a few
states, the premiums and values under the Policies will not directly
reflect the sex of the insured.





3/In accordance with industry practice, JHMLICO will establish




procedures to handle errors in initial and subsequent premium payments
to collect underpayments, except for de minimis amounts.





-11



B.  APPLICATION AND INITIAL PREMIUM PROCESSING




Upon receipt of a completed application from a proposed Owner, JHMLICO
will follow certain insurance underwriting (i.e., evaluation of risk)
procedures designed to determine whether the proposed Insured is
insurable.  This process may involve such verification procedures as
medical examinations and may require that further information be
provided by the proposed Insured before a determination can be made.
A Policy cannot be issued, i.e., physically issued through JHMLICO's
computerized issue system until this underwriting procedure has been
completed.


The date on which a Policy is issued is referred to as the "date of
Issue".  The date of issue coincides with the beginning of a Valuation
Period.  It represents the commencement of the suicide and contestable
periods for purposes of the Policies.  It is also the date as of which
the insurance age of the proposed Insured is determined.  It
represents the first day of the Policy year and therefore determines
the Policy anniversary.  It also marks the commencement of the
variability of benefits.


These processing procedures are designed to provide immediate benefits
to the proposed Owner in connection with payment of the initial
premium and will not dilute any benefit payable to an existing Owner.
Although a Policy cannot be issued until after the underwriting
process has been completed, the proposed Insured will receive
immediate insurance coverage, if he has paid his minimum first
premium, subject to the other terms and conditions of JHMLICO's
Receipt and Conditional Temporary Insurance Agreement. If the minimum
first premium is paid with the application and the Policy is issued as
applied for, the date of issue in general will be the last of the Part
A date or the Part B date of the application or the date of most
recent evidence of insurability, so that variability of benefits will
commence as of that date.  If the minimum first premium is not paid
with the application, the date of issue will be the actual date the
application is processed for issue or the next valid issue date
provided the Owner pays the necessary premium.  Except as referred to
above, no coverage will take effect with respect to a Policy until the
minimum first premium has been paid and the Policy is delivered to the
Owner while the insured is living and has not consulted, been
examined, or treated by a doctor since the latest Part B of the
application was completed.  If coverage under a Policy never goes into
effect, any premium paid will be returned without interest.


JHMLICO will require that the Policy be delivered and the minimum
initial premium paid within a specific period to protect itself
against anti-selection by the proposed Owner resulting from
deterioration in the Insured's health.  Generally, the period will not
exceed 60 days from the date





of completion of the latest of Parts A and B of the application and
any required medical examination.


JHMLICO will transfer the appropriate amount from its general account
to the Account on the date the Policy is approved.  The appropriate
amount will be calculated as though the net premium had in fact been
transferred from the General Account to the Account commencing on the
date the Policy is issued.


-12-



C.  PREMIUM RECALCULATION


The premium Recalculation applicable to any Policy on a Modified
Schedule may be elected by the Owner at any time up to the Policy
anniversary nearest the Insured's 70th birthday, or, if later, the
tenth Policy Anniversary.  If elected, the Premium Recalculation will
be effected on the Policy anniversary next following receipt by
JHMLICO at its Home office of satisfactory written notice.  If not
elected sooner, the Premium Recalculation will be effected by JHMLICO
on the Policy anniversary nearest the Insured's 70th birthday, or, if
later, the tenth Policy Anniversary.


The new Basic Premium resulting from a Premium Recalculation may be
less than, equal to or greater than the original Basic Premium but it
will never exceed the Guaranteed Maximum Recalculation Premium for the
attained age shown in the Policy.  The new Basic Premium depends on
the Insured's sex, smoking status and age, the Guaranteed Death
Benefit under the Policy and the Account Value on the Valuation Date
immediately preceding the date of the premium Recalculation.


D.  REINSTATEMENT PROVISION


The Policy may be reinstated within 3 years after the beginning of the
grace period unless the Surrender Value has been paid or otherwise
exhausted, or the period of any extended term insurance has expired.
A Policy will be reinstated upon receipt by JHMLICO of a written
application for reinstatement and production of evidence of
insurability satisfactory to JHMLICO and payment of an amount equal to
the sum of (a) and (b), each accumulated at an effective annual rate
of 6% to the date of reinstatement, where:


(a) is the difference between the Required Premium Target and the
Cumulative Premium Balance at the date of lapse, and


(b) is all Required Annual Premiums for the period between the date of
lapse and the date of reinstatement.


On the date of reinstatement the Policy will have (i) a Sum Insured as
if no lapse had occurred and (ii) indebtedness equal to any
indebtedness at the end of the day immediately preceding the date of
reinstatement.


The Account Value on the date of reinstatement will be the sum of (a)
through (c) less (d) through (f) where:





(a) is the Surrender Value of the nonforfeiture option in effect on
the date of reinstatement plus any indebtedness on the date of
reinstatement;


(b) is the amount in Premium Payment above;


(c) is the deferred sales charge and administrative surrender charge
adjustment (as defined below);


(d) is the aggregate premium expense charges, i.e. sales charge,
premium tax charge and Federal DAC tax charge; and


-13-


(e) is the sum of all Maintenance Charges and charges for Riders and
ratings, if any, that would have been made from the date of lapse to
the date of reinstatement if the Policy had not lapsed, with interest
an effective annual rate of 6% to the date of reinstatement.


The deferred sales charge adjustment is the smaller of (a) and (b)
where:


(a) is the deferred sales charge and administrative surrender charge
applicable if the Policy were surrendered immediately after
reinstatement; and


(b) is the deferred sales charge and administrative surrender charge
made on the date of lapse.


In order to assist a lapsed Owner in making a considered judgment as
to whether to reinstate, JHMLICO may calculate the amount payable upon
reinstatement and "freeze" the amount for up to ten days.


F.  REPAYMENT OF LOAN


The Owner may repay all or a portion of any indebtedness while the
insured is living and premiums are duly paid.  When a loan is made,
shares are redeemed in an aggregate value equal to the amount of the
loan and this aggregate value is transferred to the general account
and carried as a Loan Account.  The shares redeemed will be redeemed
in each subaccount in the same proportion as the Account Value is then
allocated among the subaccounts.  Upon each loan repayment, the same
proportionate amount of the entire loan as was borrowed from the Fixed
Account will be repaid to the Fixed Account.  The remainder of the
loan repayment will be allocated to the appropriate subaccounts as
stipulated in the current Investment Rule.


While the indebtedness is outstanding, that portion of the Account
Value that is in the Loan Account is credited with interest at a rate
of at 1% less than the loan rate in the first 20 Policy years and .50%
less than the loan rate in





years 21 and beyond, a rate which will usually be different than the
net return for the subaccounts. Since the Loan Account and the
remaining portion of the Account Value will generally have different
rates of investment return, any Death Benefit above the Guaranteed
Death Benefit, the Account Value, and the Surrender Value are
permanently affected by any indebtedness, whether or not repaid in
whole or in part. The amount of any outstanding indebtedness is
subtracted from the amount otherwise payable when the Policy proceeds
become payable.



G.  CORRECTION OF MISSTATEMENT OF AGE OR SEX




If JHMLICO discovers that the age or sex of the Insured has been
misstated, JHMLICO will reconstruct the Policy by determining what
benefits the premium paid would have purchased at the correct age or
sex.  Special adjustments may have to be made if the resultant face
amount is below JHMLICO's minimum size Policy.


-14-


Once the benefits are redetermined, JHMLICO will make the necessary
adjustment in the reserve assets in the Account to reflect the
redetermined benefits and the correct age and sex of the Insured.


III.  CONVERSION OF POLICY


JHMLICO's Policies, in accordance with Rule 6e-2(b) (v) (b) under the
1940 Act, provide that the Owner within 24 months of issue, or any
time after thereafter, may transfer the entire Account Value under the
Policy to the Fixed Account thus creating a non-variable or fixed
benefit life insurance Policy.  This conversion privilege is designed
to permit an Owner to change his or her mind and to obtain a fixed
benefit Policy.




FCC0146.DOC









Exhibit 9




John Hancock Variable Annuity and Variable Life Insurance Accounts





POWER OF ATTORNEY



The undersigned member of the Board of Directors of John Hancock Mutual
Life Insurance Company does hereby constitute and appoint Stephen L. Brown,
Foster L. Aborn, William L. Boyan, Richard S. Scipione and Bruce E. Skrine, and
each of them individually, with full power of substitution, his or her true and
lawful attorneys and agents to execute, in the name of, and on behalf of, the
undersigned as a member of said Board of Directors, the Registration Statements
under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, and
each amendment to the Registration Statements, to be filed for John Hancock
Variable Annuity Account U, John Hancock Mutual Variable Life Insurance Account
UV and any other variable annuity or variable life insurance account of John
Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and to take any and all action and to execute in the name of, and on
behalf of, the undersigned as a member of said Board of Directors or otherwise
any and all instruments, including applications for exemptions from such Acts,
which said attorneys and agents deem necessary or advisable to enable any
variable annuity or variable life insurance account of John Hancock Mutual Life
Insurance Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules, regulations and
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof; and
the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms as his or her own act and deed all
that each of said attorneys and agents shall do or cause to have done by virtue
hereof.  Each of said attorneys and agents shall have, and may exercise, all of
the powers hereby conferred.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand on
the date shown.








Date             Director                  Date                  Director
May 10, 1993     s/Stephen L. Brown        May 10, 1993          s/Nelson S. Gifford
May 10, 1993     s/William L. Boyan        May 10, 1993          s/Delbert C. Staley
May 10, 1993     s/Foster L. Aborn         May 10, 1993          s/I. McAllister Booth
May 10, 1993     s/Thomas L. Phillips      May 10, 1993          s/Robert E. Fast
May 10, 1993     s/Samuel W. Bodman        May 10, 1993          s/E. James Morton
May 10, 1993     s/John M. Connors, Jr.    May 10, 1993          s/John F. Magee
May 10, 1993     s/Joan T. Bok             July 9, 1993          s/Lawrence K. Fish
May 11, 1993     s/David F. D'Alessandro   September 3, 1993     s/Kathleen F. Feldstein
May 10, 1993     s/Randolph W. Bromery     March 1, 1995         s/Richard E. Syron
May 10, 1993     s/Vincent Vappi           September 30, 1995    s/Michael C. Hawley










FCC0144.DOC









EXHIBIT 10



February 29, 1996


United States Securities

and Exchange Commission

450 Fifth Street, N.W.

Washington, D.C.  20549


Gentlemen:


This opinion is being furnished with respect to the filing of this post-
effective amendment of the Registrant's Registration Statement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Rule 485 under the Securities
Act of 1933.


We have acted as counsel to Registrant for the purpose of preparing this
post-effective amendment which is being filed pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule
485 and hereby represent to the Commission that in our opinion this post-
effective amendment does not contain disclosures which would render it
ineligible to become effective pursuant to paragraph (b).


We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion with and as a part of this
post-effective amendment to Registrant's Registration Statement with the
Commission.


Very truly yours,






/s/ Francis C. Cleary Jr.

Francis C. Cleary, Jr.

Vice President and Counsel















ARTICLE 6









SERIES:
 



NUMBER: 1
 



NAME: SELECT STOCK SUBACCOUNT













PERIOD TYPE


12 MOS




FISCAL YEAR END


DEC 31 1995




PERIOD START


JAN 01 1995




PERIOD END


DEC 31 1995




INVESTMENTS AT COST


8,537,452




INVESTMENTS AT VALUE


9,312,773




RECEIVABLES


1,038,921




ASSETS OTHER


0




OTHER ITEMS ASSETS


0




TOTAL ASSETS


10,351,694




PAYABLE FOR SECURITIES


1,763




SENIOR LONG TERM DEBT


0




OTHER ITEMS LIABILITIES


488




TOTAL LIABILITIES


2,251




SENIOR EQUITY


0




PAID IN CAPITAL COMMON


0




SHARES COMMON STOCK


0




SHARES COMMON PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED NII CURRENT


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION NII


0




ACCUMULATED NET GAINS


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION GAINS


0




ACCUM APPREC OR DEPREC


0




NET ASSETS


10,349,443




DIVIDEND INCOME


754,115




INTEREST INCOME


67,279




OTHER INCOME


0




EXPENSES NET


48,056




NET INVESTMENT INCOME


773,338




REALIZED GAINS CURRENT


23,090




APPREC INCREASE CURRENT


1,225,784




NET CHANGE FROM OPS


2,022,212




EQUALIZATION


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF INCOME


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF GAINS


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OTHER


0




NUMBER OF SHARES SOLD


2,998,468




NUMBER OF SHARES REDEEMED


478,935




SHARES REINVESTED


0




NET CHANGE IN ASSETS


3,955,106




ACCUMULATED NII PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED GAINS PRIOR


0




OVERDISTRIB NII PRIOR


0




OVERDIST NET GAINS PRIOR


0




GROSS ADVISORY FEES


0




INTEREST EXPENSE


0




GROSS EXPENSE


48,056




AVERAGE NET ASSETS


0




PER SHARE NAV BEGIN


0




PER SHARE NII


0




PER SHARE GAIN APPREC


0




PER SHARE DIVIDEND


0




PER SHARE DISTRIBUTIONS


0




RETURNS OF CAPITAL


0




PER SHARE NAV END


0




EXPENSE RATIO


0




AVG DEBT OUTSTANDING


0




AVG DEBT PER SHARE


0















ARTICLE 6









SERIES:
 



NUMBER: 2
 



NAME: BONO SUBACCOUNT













PERIOD TYPE


12 MOS




FISCAL YEAR END


DEC 31 1995




PERIOD START


JAN 01 1995




PERIOD END


DEC 31 1995




INVESTMENTS AT COST


46,574,355




INVESTMENTS AT VALUE


46,330,265




RECEIVABLES


8,850,035




ASSETS OTHER


0




OTHER ITEMS ASSETS


0




TOTAL ASSETS


55,180,300




PAYABLE FOR SECURITIES


26,061




SENIOR LONG TERM DEBT


0




OTHER ITEMS LIABILITIES


2,516




TOTAL LIABILITIES


28,577




SENIOR EQUITY


0




PAID IN CAPITAL COMMON


0




SHARES COMMON STOCK


0




SHARES COMMON PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED NII CURRENT


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION NII


0




ACCUMULATED NET GAINS


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION GAINS


0




ACCUM APPREC OR DEPREC


0




NET ASSETS


55,151,723




DIVIDEND INCOME


3,504,747




INTEREST INCOME


641,677




OTHER INCOME


0




EXPENSES NET


286,349




NET INVESTMENT INCOME


3,860,075




REALIZED GAINS CURRENT


(127,733)




APPREC INCREASE CURRENT


4,205,161




NET CHANGE FROM OPS


7,937,503




EQUALIZATION


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF INCOME


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF GAINS


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OTHER


0




NUMBER OF SHARES SOLD


6,586,137




NUMBER OF SHARES REDEEMED


2,116,423




SHARES REINVESTED


0




NET CHANGE IN ASSETS


8,905,710




ACCUMULATED NII PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED GAINS PRIOR


0




OVERDISTRIB NII PRIOR


0




OVERDIST NET GAINS PRIOR


0




GROSS ADVISORY FEES


0




INTEREST EXPENSE


0




GROSS EXPENSE


286,349




AVERAGE NET ASSETS


0




PER SHARE NAV BEGIN


0




PER SHARE NII


0




PER SHARE GAIN APPREC


0




PER SHARE DIVIDEND


0




PER SHARE DISTRIBUTIONS


0




RETURNS OF CAPITAL


0




PER SHARE NAV END


0




EXPENSE RATIO


0




AVG DEBT OUTSTANDING


0




AVG DEBT PER SHARE


0















ARTICLE 6









SERIES:
 



NUMBER: 3
 



NAME: INTERNATIONAL SUBACCOUNT













PERIOD TYPE


12 MOS




FISCAL YEAR END


DEC 31 1995




PERIOD START


JAN 01 1995




PERIOD END


DEC 31 1995




INVESTMENTS AT COST


2,858,238




INVESTMENTS AT VALUE


2,926,534




RECEIVABLES


164,633




ASSETS OTHER


0




OTHER ITEMS ASSETS


0




TOTAL ASSETS


3,091,167




PAYABLE FOR SECURITIES


8,290




SENIOR LONG TERM DEBT


0




OTHER ITEMS LIABILITIES


143




TOTAL LIABILITIES


8,433




SENIOR EQUITY


0




PAID IN CAPITAL COMMON


0




SHARES COMMON STOCK


0




SHARES COMMON PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED NII CURRENT


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION NII


0




ACCUMULATED NET GAINS


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION GAINS


0




ACCUM APPREC OR DEPREC


0




NET ASSETS


3,082,734




DIVIDEND INCOME


29,692




INTEREST INCOME


9,853




OTHER INCOME


0




EXPENSES NET


15,495




NET INVESTMENT INCOME


24,050




REALIZED GAINS CURRENT


14,367




APPREC INCREASE CURRENT


164,490




NET CHANGE FROM OPS


202,907




EQUALIZATION


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF INCOME


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF GAINS


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OTHER


0




NUMBER OF SHARES SOLD


935,730




NUMBER OF SHARES REDEEMED


401,257




SHARES REINVESTED


0




NET CHANGE IN ASSETS


741,731




ACCUMULATED NII PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED GAINS PRIOR


0




OVERDISTRIB NII PRIOR


0




OVERDIST NET GAINS PRIOR


0




GROSS ADVISORY FEES


0




INTEREST EXPENSE


0




GROSS EXPENSE


15,495




AVERAGE NET ASSETS


0




PER SHARE NAV BEGIN


0




PER SHARE NII


0




PER SHARE GAIN APPREC


0




PER SHARE DIVIDEND


0




PER SHARE DISTRIBUTIONS


0




RETURNS OF CAPITAL


0




PER SHARE NAV END


0




EXPENSE RATIO


0




AVG DEBT OUTSTANDING


0




AVG DEBT PER SHARE


0















ARTICLE 6









SERIES:
 



NUMBER: 4
 



NAME: MONEY MARKET SUBACCOUNT













PERIOD TYPE


12 MOS




FISCAL YEAR END


DEC 31 1995




PERIOD START


JAN 01 1995




PERIOD END


DEC 31 1995




INVESTMENTS AT COST


18,773,711




INVESTMENTS AT VALUE


18,732,426




RECEIVABLES


2,275,243




ASSETS OTHER


0




OTHER ITEMS ASSETS


0




TOTAL ASSETS


21,007,669




PAYABLE FOR SECURITIES


9,344




SENIOR LONG TERM DEBT


0




OTHER ITEMS LIABILITIES


1,006




TOTAL LIABILITIES


10,350




SENIOR EQUITY


0




PAID IN CAPITAL COMMON


0




SHARES COMMON STOCK


0




SHARES COMMON PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED NII CURRENT


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION NII


0




ACCUMULATED NET GAINS


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION GAINS


0




ACCUM APPREC OR DEPREC


0




NET ASSETS


20,997,319




DIVIDEND INCOME


810,091




INTEREST INCOME


155,058




OTHER INCOME


0




EXPENSES NET


96,074




NET INVESTMENT INCOME


869,075




REALIZED GAINS CURRENT


0




APPREC INCREASE CURRENT


0




NET CHANGE FROM OPS


380,450




EQUALIZATION


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF INCOME


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF GAINS


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OTHER


0




NUMBER OF SHARES SOLD


13,092,516




NUMBER OF SHARES REDEEMED


1,587,249




SHARES REINVESTED


0




NET CHANGE IN ASSETS


11,660,929




ACCUMULATED NII PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED GAINS PRIOR


0




OVERDISTRIB NII PRIOR


0




OVERDIST NET GAINS PRIOR


0




GROSS ADVISORY FEES


0




INTEREST EXPENSE


0




GROSS EXPENSE


96,074




AVERAGE NET ASSETS


0




PER SHARE NAV BEGIN


0




PER SHARE NII


0




PER SHARE GAIN APPREC


0




PER SHARE DIVIDEND


0




PER SHARE DISTRIBUTIONS


0




RETURNS OF CAPITAL


0




PER SHARE NAV END


0




EXPENSE RATIO


0




AVG DEBT OUTSTANDING


0




AVG DEBT PER SHARE


0















ARTICLE 6









SERIES:
 



NUMBER: 5
 



NAME: REAL ESTATE EQUITY SUBACCOUNT













PERIOD TYPE


12 MOS




FISCAL YEAR END


DEC 31 1995




PERIOD START


JAN 01 1995




PERIOD END


DEC 31 1995




INVESTMENTS AT COST


2,405,959




INVESTMENTS AT VALUE


2,450,601




RECEIVABLES


164,079




ASSETS OTHER


0




OTHER ITEMS ASSETS


0




TOTAL ASSETS


2,614,680




PAYABLE FOR SECURITIES


7,738




SENIOR LONG TERM DEBT


0




OTHER ITEMS LIABILITIES


122




TOTAL LIABILITIES


7,860




SENIOR EQUITY


0




PAID IN CAPITAL COMMON


0




SHARES COMMON STOCK


0




SHARES COMMON PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED NII CURRENT


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION NII


0




ACCUMULATED NET GAINS


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION GAINS


0




ACCUM APPREC OR DEPREC


0




NET ASSETS


2,606,820




DIVIDEND INCOME


153,495




INTEREST INCOME


12,322




OTHER INCOME


0




EXPENSES NET


13,502




NET INVESTMENT INCOME


152,315




REALIZED GAINS CURRENT


(39,490)




APPREC INCREASE CURRENT


155,992




NET CHANGE FROM OPS


268,817




EQUALIZATION


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF INCOME


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF GAINS


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OTHER


0




NUMBER OF SHARES SOLD


879,282




NUMBER OF SHARES REDEEMED


404,509




SHARES REINVESTED


0




NET CHANGE IN ASSETS


527,519




ACCUMULATED NII PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED GAINS PRIOR


0




OVERDISTRIB NII PRIOR


0




OVERDIST NET GAINS PRIOR


0




GROSS ADVISORY FEES


0




INTEREST EXPENSE


0




GROSS EXPENSE


13,502




AVERAGE NET ASSETS


0




PER SHARE NAV BEGIN


0




PER SHARE NII


0




PER SHARE GAIN APPREC


0




PER SHARE DIVIDEND


0




PER SHARE DISTRIBUTIONS


0




RETURNS OF CAPITAL


0




PER SHARE NAV END


0




EXPENSE RATIO


0




AVG DEBT OUTSTANDING


0




AVG DEBT PER SHARE


0















ARTICLE 6









SERIES:
 



NUMBER: 6
 



NAME: SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES SUBACCOUNT













PERIOD TYPE


12 MOS




FISCAL YEAR END


DEC 31 1995




PERIOD START


JAN 01 1995




PERIOD END


DEC 31 1995




INVESTMENTS AT COST


827,580




INVESTMENTS AT VALUE


952,172




RECEIVABLES


7,240




ASSETS OTHER


0




OTHER ITEMS ASSETS


0




TOTAL ASSETS


959,412




PAYABLE FOR SECURITIES


7,194




SENIOR LONG TERM DEBT


0




OTHER ITEMS LIABILITIES


46




TOTAL LIABILITIES


7,240




SENIOR EQUITY


0




PAID IN CAPITAL COMMON


0




SHARES COMMON STOCK


0




SHARES COMMON PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED NII CURRENT


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION NII


0




ACCUMULATED NET GAINS


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION GAINS


0




ACCUM APPREC OR DEPREC


0




NET ASSETS


952,172




DIVIDEND INCOME


22,718




INTEREST INCOME


0




OTHER INCOME


0




EXPENSES NET


3,017




NET INVESTMENT INCOME


19,701




REALIZED GAINS CURRENT


9,743




APPREC INCREASE CURRENT


126,004




NET CHANGE FROM OPS


155,448




EQUALIZATION


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF INCOME


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF GAINS


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OTHER


0




NUMBER OF SHARES SOLD


698,554




NUMBER OF SHARES REDEEMED


68,848




SHARES REINVESTED


0




NET CHANGE IN ASSETS


765,453




ACCUMULATED NII PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED GAINS PRIOR


0




OVERDISTRIB NII PRIOR


0




OVERDIST NET GAINS PRIOR


0




GROSS ADVISORY FEES


0




INTEREST EXPENSE


0




GROSS EXPENSE


3,017




AVERAGE NET ASSETS


0




PER SHARE NAV BEGIN


0




PER SHARE NII


0




PER SHARE GAIN APPREC


0




PER SHARE DIVIDEND


0




PER SHARE DISTRIBUTIONS


0




RETURNS OF CAPITAL


0




PER SHARE NAV END


0




EXPENSE RATIO


0




AVG DEBT OUTSTANDING


0




AVG DEBT PER SHARE


0















ARTICLE 6









SERIES:
 



NUMBER: 7
 



NAME: STOCK SUBACCOUNT













PERIOD TYPE


12 MOS




FISCAL YEAR END


DEC 31 1995




PERIOD START


JAN 01 1995




PERIOD END


DEC 31 1995




INVESTMENTS AT COST


103,629,530




INVESTMENTS AT VALUE


111,633,780




RECEIVABLES


19,888,364




ASSETS OTHER


0




OTHER ITEMS ASSETS


0




TOTAL ASSETS


131,522,144




PAYABLE FOR SECURITIES


0




SENIOR LONG TERM DEBT


0




OTHER ITEMS LIABILITIES


55,463




TOTAL LIABILITIES


55,463




SENIOR EQUITY


0




PAID IN CAPITAL COMMON


0




SHARES COMMON STOCK


0




SHARES COMMON PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED NII CURRENT


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION NII


0




ACCUMULATED NET GAINS


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION GAINS


0




ACCUM APPREC OR DEPREC


0




NET ASSETS


131,466,681




DIVIDEND INCOME


10,687,455




INTEREST INCOME


1,397,618




OTHER INCOME


0




EXPENSES NET


646,807




NET INVESTMENT INCOME


11,438,266




REALIZED GAINS CURRENT


85,385




APPREC INCREASE CURRENT


17,351,805




NET CHANGE FROM OPS


28,875,456




EQUALIZATION


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF INCOME


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF GAINS


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OTHER


0




NUMBER OF SHARES SOLD


19,241,967




NUMBER OF SHARES REDEEMED


3,915,114




SHARES REINVESTED


0




NET CHANGE IN ASSETS


34,735,452




ACCUMULATED NII PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED GAINS PRIOR


0




OVERDISTRIB NII PRIOR


0




OVERDIST NET GAINS PRIOR


0




GROSS ADVISORY FEES


0




INTEREST EXPENSE


0




GROSS EXPENSE


646,807




AVERAGE NET ASSETS


0




PER SHARE NAV BEGIN


0




PER SHARE NII


0




PER SHARE GAIN APPREC


0




PER SHARE DIVIDEND


0




PER SHARE DISTRIBUTIONS


0




RETURNS OF CAPITAL


0




PER SHARE NAV END


0




EXPENSE RATIO


0




AVG DEBT OUTSTANDING


0




AVG DEBT PER SHARE


0















ARTICLE 6









SERIES:
 



NUMBER: 8
 



NAME: MANAGED SUBACCOUNT













PERIOD TYPE


12 MOS




FISCAL YEAR END


DEC 31 1995




PERIOD START


JAN 01 1995




PERIOD END


DEC 31 1995




INVESTMENTS AT COST


59,872,578




INVESTMENTS AT VALUE


62,301,402




RECEIVABLES


8,986,903




ASSETS OTHER


0




OTHER ITEMS ASSETS


0




TOTAL ASSETS


71,288,305




PAYABLE FOR SECURITIES


50,846




SENIOR LONG TERM DEBT


0




OTHER ITEMS LIABILITIES


3,296




TOTAL LIABILITIES


54,142




SENIOR EQUITY


0




PAID IN CAPITAL COMMON


0




SHARES COMMON STOCK


0




SHARES COMMON PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED NII CURRENT


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION NII


0




ACCUMULATED NET GAINS


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION GAINS


0




ACCUM APPREC OR DEPREC


0




NET ASSETS


71,234,163




DIVIDEND INCOME


5,946,035




INTEREST INCOME


626,984




OTHER INCOME


0




EXPENSES NET


356,869




NET INVESTMENT INCOME


6,216,150




REALIZED GAINS CURRENT


(6,127)




APPREC INCREASE CURRENT


7,134,666




NET CHANGE FROM OPS


13,344,689




EQUALIZATION


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF INCOME


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF GAINS


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OTHER


0




NUMBER OF SHARES SOLD


11,383,468




NUMBER OF SHARES REDEEMED


3,752,413




SHARES REINVESTED


0




NET CHANGE IN ASSETS


15,926,249




ACCUMULATED NII PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED GAINS PRIOR


0




OVERDISTRIB NII PRIOR


0




OVERDIST NET GAINS PRIOR


0




GROSS ADVISORY FEES


0




INTEREST EXPENSE


0




GROSS EXPENSE


356,869




AVERAGE NET ASSETS


0




PER SHARE NAV BEGIN


0




PER SHARE NII


0




PER SHARE GAIN APPREC


0




PER SHARE DIVIDEND


0




PER SHARE DISTRIBUTIONS


0




RETURNS OF CAPITAL


0




PER SHARE NAV END


0




EXPENSE RATIO


0




AVG DEBT OUTSTANDING


0




AVG DEBT PER SHARE


0















ARTICLE 6









SERIES:
 



NUMBER: 9
 



NAME: SHORT TERM U.S. GOVERNMENT SUBACCOUNT













PERIOD TYPE


12 MOS




FISCAL YEAR END


DEC 31 1995




PERIOD START


JAN 01 1995




PERIOD END


DEC 31 1995




INVESTMENTS AT COST


78,221




INVESTMENTS AT VALUE


79,674




RECEIVABLES


6




ASSETS OTHER


0




OTHER ITEMS ASSETS


0




TOTAL ASSETS


79,680




PAYABLE FOR SECURITIES


2




SENIOR LONG TERM DEBT


0




OTHER ITEMS LIABILITIES


4




TOTAL LIABILITIES


6




SENIOR EQUITY


0




PAID IN CAPITAL COMMON


0




SHARES COMMON STOCK


0




SHARES COMMON PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED NII CURRENT


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION NII


0




ACCUMULATED NET GAINS


0




OVERDISTRIBUTION GAINS


0




ACCUM APPREC OR DEPREC


0




NET ASSETS


79,674




DIVIDEND INCOME


2,749




INTEREST INCOME


0




OTHER INCOME


0




EXPENSES NET


295




NET INVESTMENT INCOME


2,454




REALIZED GAINS CURRENT


477




APPREC INCREASE CURRENT


1,735




NET CHANGE FROM OPS


4,666




EQUALIZATION


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF INCOME


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OF GAINS


0




DISTRIBUTIONS OTHER


11,209




NUMBER OF SHARES SOLD


15,024




NUMBER OF SHARES REDEEMED


0




SHARES REINVESTED


58,397




NET CHANGE IN ASSETS


0




ACCUMULATED NII PRIOR


0




ACCUMULATED GAINS PRIOR


0




OVERDISTRIB NII PRIOR


0




OVERDIST NET GAINS PRIOR


0




GROSS ADVISORY FEES


0




INTEREST EXPENSE


0




GROSS EXPENSE


295




AVERAGE NET ASSETS


0




PER SHARE NAV BEGIN


0




PER SHARE NII


0




PER SHARE GAIN APPREC


0




PER SHARE DIVIDEND


0




PER SHARE DISTRIBUTIONS


0




RETURNS OF CAPITAL


0




PER SHARE NAV END


0




EXPENSE RATIO


0




AVG DEBT OUTSTANDING


0




AVG DEBT PER SHARE


0









