
 












John Hancock | John Hancock introduces new Variable Universal Life Insurance with Vitality













 
Skip to main content




















Home


News


            Insurance
        

            2017
        

            07
        

            John Hancock introduces new Variable Universal Life Insurance with Vitality
        





John Hancock introduces new Variable Universal Life Insurance with Vitality

BY Melissa Berczuk |  2017-07-25








BOSTON, July 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- John Hancock today launched a new Protection variable universal life product, Protection VUL that offers significantly lower premiums and cash value growth potential, giving consumers the opportunity for affordable life insurance coverage that can help them meet their long-term financial objectives and pursue longer, healthier lives with the John Hancock Vitality program.
For the first time, Protection VUL policyholders can earn rewards and premium savings of up to 15 percent for the everyday things they do to stay healthy with the John Hancock Vitality program. In fact, the healthier their lifestyle, the greater their rewards, including $600 in annual savings on healthy food purchases1 as well as the opportunity to earn an Apple Watch® Series 22 by exercising regularly. John Hancock is also giving every new policyholder a complimentary Fitbit® device to help them get started.
"At John Hancock, we're focused on providing consumers with innovative solutions designed to help meet a variety of financial planning needs," said Brooks Tingle, senior vice president, Marketing and Strategy, John Hancock Insurance. "By expanding the John Hancock Vitality offerings to include Protection VUL, we can help many more consumers better prepare for the future, while also supporting them as they take steps to lead longer, healthier lives," said Tingle.
Protection VUL is designed for pre-retirees, and features strong death benefit protection along with cash value accumulation potential that can offer consumers flexibility to help them meet future financial goals. Policyholders can also choose from a diversified range of underlying investment accounts that represent nearly every major asset class and investment style.
The new Protection VUL offers additional attractive features including LifeTrack, John Hancock's quick, easy and dynamic policy management solution to help clients and advisors ensure life insurance policies stay on track to meet their intended insurance goals. 
About John Hancock and Manulife
John Hancock is a division of Manulife, a leading Canada-based financial services group with principal operations in Asia, Canada and the United States. Operating as Manulife in Canada and Asia, and primarily as John Hancock in the United States, our group of companies offers clients a diverse range of financial protection products and wealth management services through its extensive network of employees, agents and distribution partners. Assets under management and administration by Manulife and its subsidiaries were $1 trillion (US $754 billion) as at March 31, 2017. Manulife Financial Corporation trades as 'MFC' on the TSX, NYSE and PSE, and under '945' on the SEHK. Manulife can be found on the Internet at manulife.com. 
The John Hancock unit, through its insurance companies, comprises one of the largest life insurers in the United States. John Hancock offers and administers a broad range of financial products, including life insurance, annuities, investments,  401(k) plans, long-term care insurance, college savings, and other forms of business insurance. Additional information about John Hancock may be found at johnhancock.com.
Other Important Information
Variable universal life insurance has annual fees and expenses associated with it in addition to life insurance related charges (which differ with the product chosen), including surrender charges and investment management fees. Variable universal life insurance products are long-term contracts and are sold by prospectus.  They are subject to market risk due to the underlying sub-accounts, and are unsuitable as a short term savings vehicle. The primary purpose of variable universal life insurance is to provide lifetime protection against economic loss due to the death of the insured person.  Cash values are not guaranteed if the client is invested in the investment accounts.  There are risks associated with each investment option, and the policy may lose value.
Please contact 1-800-827-4546 to obtain product and fund prospectuses (for New York, contact 1-877-391-3748, option 4).  The prospectuses contains complete details on investment objectives, risks, fees, charges and expenses as well as other information about the investment company. Please read the prospectuses carefully containing this and other information on the product and the underlying portfolios and consider these factors carefully before investing.
1. HealthyFood savings are based on qualifying purchases and may vary based on the terms of the John Hancock Vitality program.
2. Apple Watch Series 2 can be ordered for an initial payment of $25 plus tax and over the next two years, monthly payments are based on the number of workouts completed. An iPhone 5 or later is required to use Apple Watch Series 2. The Retail Installment Agreement with the Vitality Group will need to be signed electronically at checkout. Apple is not a participant in or sponsor of this promotion. Apple Watch is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Please note: Apple Watch Series 2 program is not available in New York.
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states. Some riders may have additional fees and expenses associated with them. 
Vitality is the provider of the John Hancock Vitality Program in connection with the life insurance policy and Healthy Engagement Rider.
John Hancock Vitality Program rewards and discounts are only available to the person insured under the eligible life insurance policy. Rewards and discounts are subject to change and are not guaranteed to remain the same for the life of the policy.
Premium savings are in comparison to the same John Hancock policy without the Vitality program. Annual premium savings will vary based upon policy type, the terms of the policy, and the level of the insured's participation in the John Hancock Vitality program.
Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02210 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595, and securities are offered through John Hancock Distributors LLC through other broker/dealers that have a selling agreement with John Hancock Distributors LLC, 197 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA 02117.
MLINY071117026PR-2017-50

SOURCE  John Hancock





























	John Hancock Annuities - Login & Registration


















































About Us






Help






Contact Us






Register Now!






JH New York















Home






VariableAnnuities






FixedAnnuities






Performance






LearningCenter






Forms






Claim Center







Log in









                            Overview
                        



                            Overview
                        



                            Performance
                        



                            Tax Center
                        

                            eDelivery
                        



                            Overview
                        

                            Annuitization Essentials
                        













Login & Registration











How do I register? From our home page, click the Register Now link located inside the Contract Login box and follow the prompts. Your contract number is required to register. Please note that your username and password cannot contain symbols or dashes. The information must consist of letters and numbers. 







After entering your username and password, select the My Contracts tab to view your account information. 







How do I find my password? Since we do not have access to your password, we are unable to provide that information. However, you can change your password by clicking on our Forgot Password function, which is located within the Contract Login box. 











      US Division:  Please visit www.johnhancock.com for additional information on the company and other products John Hancock offers.       Privacy Policy  |  Legal Disclaimer   | Careers  | Copyright © 2017
John Hancock Annuities are issued by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Lansing, MI 48906, which is not licensed in New York. In New York, John Hancock Annuities are issued by John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595. John Hancock Variable Annuities are distributed by John Hancock Distributors LLC, member FINRA.




















Life Insurance Legacy Customers - John Hancock


























News
For Advisers
Contact Us
Forms
Site Map





















Overview
401(k) PlansAnnuities
College SavingsFixed Products
Life InsuranceLong-Term Care
Mutual Funds
Tools & Calculators





Life Insurance
An important component of any sound financial plan.

Your Financial Adviser Can Help
Evaluate your goals and choose the investment strategy that's right for you.
						
Contact Us


















Welcome


At John Hancock, we offer a comprehensive portfolio of life insurance products that has been designed to be extremely competitive and provide real value. Whether you are looking for guaranteed death benefit protection, low-cost coverage or consistently strong cash value accumulation potential, John Hancock has a product to meet your needs!


Why John Hancock Life Insurance?

John Hancock is among the highest-rated companies for financial strength and stability, as judged by the major rating agencies.
Policyholder obligations are backed by high quality, broadly diversified portfolios built by using a conservative, bottom-up approach.


Inside Life Insurance



Term Life Insurance
Universal Life Insurance
Variable Life Insurance





Term Life Insurance
Term life insurance provides guaranteed coverage for a specified time. John Hancock's term life insurance product and optional riders are an affordable way to prevent financial hardship should you die suddenly or be diagnosed with a terminal illness. With John Hancock's term you can take advantage of:

Guaranteed level premiums for 10, 15, or 20 years
Guaranteed conversion option to John Hancock's permanent products
Guaranteed level death benefit



Universal Life Insurance
John Hancock's universal life insurance is permanent insurance that offers customizable and flexible solutions to meet your financial objectives. 
Whether you're looking for guaranteed death benefit protection, low-cost coverage or strong cash value growth potential, our universal life products offer a wide variety of features and riders that are ideal for addressing these needs.


Variable Life Insurance
John Hancock's competitive variable universal life policies can give you the protection and guarantees you need to feel secure in uncertain times, plus the cash value growth potential and flexibility you need to meet your long-term financial goals. 
Your premiums are invested in underlying investment options that have the potential to accumulate cash value—tax-deferred. Variable universal life offers protection for your family's financial well-being as well as a potential source of supplemental retirement income for you.











Online Payments

Click here to make convenient and secure electronic payments for your life insurance policy.
















Online Forms 

Click here to access any life insurance customer service forms you need.



Frequently Asked Questions
Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions for Policyholders and Beneficiaries

See FAQs








VLI Product Performance
This product is no longer available for sale.
Monthly Report
(PDF)
Separate Account U-VLI Product Supplement
(PDF)
Separate Account UV-VLI  Product Supplement
(PDF)
John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust Prospectus









JH Financial Network

 


  Find a financial adviser  in your area.  Visit The Site »




Have A Question?

 


Our customer service center is available Monday through Friday, 8 a.m.–7 p.m., ET.
1-800-732-5543

 




Guaranteed product features are dependent upon minimum premium requirements and the claims-paying ability of the life insurance company issuing the life insurance contract.
Term Insurance, Universal Life Insurance:
Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02116 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595.
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states.
Variable Life Insurance:
Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02116 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595 and securities offered through John Hancock Distributors LLC through other broker/dealers that have a selling agreement with John Hancock Distributors LLC, 197 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA 02116.
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states.  Some riders may have additional fees and expenses associated with them.  Refer to the product prospectus for additional information.
Variable universal life insurance has annual fees and expenses associated with it in addition to life insurance related charges (which differ with the product chosen), including surrender charges and investment management fees. Variable universal life insurance products are long-term contracts and are sold by prospectus. They are subject to market risk due to the underlying sub-accounts, and are unsuitable as a short term savings vehicle. The primary purpose of variable universal life insurance is to provide lifetime protection against economic loss due to the death of the insured person. Cash values are not guaranteed if the client is invested in the investment accounts. There are risks associated with each investment option, and the policy may lose value.
















JHSalesNet - Home










































My Profile


Log Out


Login


Register Now!


Contact Us








































				JH SalesNet
				






Products




Product Portfolio



																Product Overview
																



																Premier Life
																



																		Premier Life
																		





																Universal Single Life
																



																		Protection UL
																		



																		Protection UL with Vitality
																		



																		Protection IUL
																		



																		Protection IUL with Vitality
																		



																		Accumulation IUL
																		



																		Accumulation IUL with Vitality
																		



																		Accumulation UL
																		



																		UL-G
																		





																Survivorship Universal Life
																



																		Protection SUL
																		



																		SUL-G
																		



																		Protection SIUL
																		



																		Protection SIUL with Vitality
																		





																Variable Single Life
																



																		Protection VUL
																		



																		Accumulation VUL
																		



																		John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust
																		



																		Accumulation VUL with Vitality
																		



																		Simplified Life
																		



																		Simplified Life with Vitality
																		



																		Protection VUL with Vitality
																		





																Variable Survivorship Life
																



																		John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust
																		



																		Accumulation SVUL
																		



																		Protection SVUL
																		





																Term
																



																		John Hancock Term
																		



																		John Hancock Term with Vitality
																		



																		SmartProtect Term with Vitality
																		





																Long-Term Care Rider
																



																		LTC Rider
																		



																		LTC Rider Training
																		






Corporate Solutions



																COLI Products
																



																COLI Overview
																



																Marketing Resources
																



																COLI Library
																



																Simplified Life
																



																Simplified Life with Vitality
																




Fund Information



																Fund Overview
																



																JHVIT Fund Performance
																



																Fund Performance By Product
																



																Prospectuses
																



																Quarterly Fund Sheets
																








John Hancock Vitality Program




John Hancock Vitality Program



																Program Overview
																



																Protection UL with Vitality
																



																John Hancock Term with Vitality
																



																Accumulation IUL with Vitality
																



																Protection IUL with Vitality
																



																Accumulation VUL with Vitality
																



																Simplified Life with Vitality
																



																SmartProtect Term with Vitality
																



																Protection SIUL with Vitality
																



																Protection VUL with Vitality
																








Advanced Markets




Advanced Markets 



																Advanced Markets Overview
																



																Advanced Markets Radio
																



																Articles
																



																Central Intelligence
																



																Library
																



																Microsites
																



																Sales Concepts
																



																Topic of the Month
																



																Contact Us
																








Sales Tools & Resources




Sales & Marketing Resources



																John Hancock Journal
																



																Illustration System Downloads
																



																Financial Strength
																



																Investment Resources
																



																Spotlight
																



																Sales Contact Information
																



																Needs Analysis Calculator
																








New Business & Underwriting




New Business


Quick Case Lookup:









																New Business Case Status
																



																New Business Forms
																



																New Business Guidelines
																



																Feedback@jhancock.com
																



																Email / Attachments
																




Field Underwriting Guide



																Underwriting Overview
																



																Best Class Guidelines
																



																Non-Medical Guidelines
																



																Age and Amount Requirements
																



																Medical Impairments
																



																Foreign Travel/Non-U.S. Resident
																




Licensing



																Licensing Guidelines
																



																Appointment Status
																



																Producer T&C Statement
																








Service and Forms




Customer Service


Policy Search:









																Policy Details
																



																Investment Changes
																



																Investment Option Demo
																



																Service Requests
																



																Life Account Access
																



																Customer Service Forms
																



																Email / Attachments
																




Claims



																Death Claim
																



																Accelerated Benefit Claim
																



																Disability Claim
																



																Claims FAQ
																




Forms



																New Business Forms
																



																Customer Service Forms
																





















































I want to...




						
							
								
									Check New Business Case Status
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Search for Policy Details
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Check Fund Performance
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Access Product Portfolio
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Download a Form
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Update Personal Information
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									View JH Financial Highlights
								
								
							
						













JH News




						
							
								
									New Accumulation IUL with Vitality
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									New Protection VUL with Vitality
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Important Compliance News
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Notices and Policies
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									A quick lesson on navigating JH SalesNet
								
								
							
						



















Help me sell John Hancock










New Journal Magazine Available

Today’s consumers have a wide variety of financial planning issues, including everything from taking care of a child with special needs, to managing the health and financial considerations of having diabetes, and ensuring there’s enough money for a long retirement. The latest Journal features life insurance’s capabilities beyond traditional death benefit coverage that can help solve a myriad of planning challenges.
 













All Products Guide

Check out the All Products Guide which provides an overview of John Hancock's complete product protfolio and a thumbnail sketch of each product's key features and benefits.

													(184KB PDF)
													
											















Life Insurance Needs Analysis Calculator

This interactive tool will help determine how much life insurance coverage clients need to secure their financial future.













JH LifeGuide 

Bookmark this handy guide to applying for and administering John Hancock life insurance policies. Also find tips to help ensure accuracy and efficiency through every step of the process.


















Top 5 Downloads




						
							
								
									JH Illustrator 13.3
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Vitality Seller's Guide (PDF)
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Simplified Life with Vitality Mailer  (PDF)
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Business Planning Kit
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Underwriting Guidelines
								
								
							
						

















						
							
								
									2018 JH Insurance Summit
								
								
							
						
 







 
Offering instant access to key policy documents for selected products. Learn more.




















 


For term policies, Apple Watch Series 2 is only available with face amounts ≥ $2,000,000. Apple Watch Series 2 can be ordered for an initial payment of $25 plus tax and over the next two years, monthly payments are based on the number of workouts completed. An iPhone 5 or later is required to use Apple Watch Series 2. The Retail Installment Agreement with the Vitality Group will need to be signed electronically at checkout. Apple is not a participant in or sponsor of this promotion. Apple Watch is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Please note: Apple Watch Series 2 program is not available in New York.
Please contact 1-800-827-4546 to obtain product and fund prospectuses (for New York, contact 1-877-391-3748, option 4). The prospectuses contains complete details on investment objectives, risks, fees, charges and expenses as well as other information about the investment company. Please read the prospectuses carefully containing this and other information on the product and the underlying portfolios and consider these factors carefully before investing.
Variable universal life insurance has annual fees and expenses associated with it in addition to life insurance related charges (which differ with the product chosen), including surrender charges and investment management fees. Variable universal life insurance products are long-term contracts and are sold by prospectus. They are subject to market risk due to the underlying sub-accounts, and are unsuitable as a short term savings vehicle. The primary purpose of variable universal life insurance is to provide lifetime protection against economic loss due to the death of the insured person. Cash values are not guaranteed if the client is invested in the investment accounts. There are risks associated with each investment option, and the policy may lose value.
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states.
Vitality is the provider of the John Hancock Vitality Program in connection with your life insurance policy.
Rewards and discounts are subject to change and are not guaranteed to remain the same for the life of the policy.
Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02210 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595 and securities are offered through John Hancock Distributors LLC through other broker/dealers that have a selling agreement with John Hancock Distributors LLC, 197 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA 02117.
MLINY072017077






















Site Map


Email


Help


Careers


Privacy Policy


Legal















 












Insurance, Life Insurance, Vitality | John Hancock













 
Skip to main content


































Home


Individual


Products & Services


            Insurance
        







 







John Hancock Insurance


John Hancock is dedicated to providing innovative life insurance solutions designed to help you address a variety of financial planning needs. With more than 150 years of delivering on our promises and backed by strong financial ratings, John Hancock offers life insurance that can benefit you at all stages of life.






Visit Website
						
					






Why Do You Need Life Insurance?



Life insurance can be one of the most important purchases you will make. You want your family or business to be financially secure, to enjoy a comfortable retirement, and even leave a legacy for your children and grandchildren. No matter what your goals are, the unique tax benefits and features of life insurance can help you to achieve them. 


Types of Life Insurance
Choosing the right type of life insurance depends on your circumstances and financial goals. Life insurance policies are designed to pay a death benefit when someone dies, but there are usually two basic categories to meet your different needs - term and permanent. 
Term life insurance in general, provides death benefit protection for a specific period of time.
Permanent life insurance offers lifetime death benefit protection with a cash value component. This can mean lifetime peace of mind for you and your family.
Different types of permanent life insurance are usually categorized as follows: Universal Life Insurance, Indexed Universal Life Insurance, and Variable Universal Life Insurance. To find out what life insurance solution best meets your needs, visit JohnHancockInsurance.com.



















We believe that life insurance should reward you for healthy living. That's why we introduced life insurance with the John Hancock Vitality Program. It's an innovative solution that gives you the protection you need, along with premium savings up to 15% and rewards from national brands for the everyday things you do to stay healthy, like exercising, walking, and eating well. 















Already a Policyholder?


Log in and view your account.





Login
						
					






How Much Life Insurance Do You Need? 
This quick interactive tool will help you determine how much coverage is needed to help secure your financial future.






Find Out
							
						








Get a Quote Today!
With John Hancock, it's easy to get reliable term life insurance that gives you peace of mind. Get a quote online or call a Coverage Coach at 1-844-327-6850.





Get a Quote
							
						





























It’s Never Too Early to Think About the Future

                                    It might seem like your twenties is too early to start thinking about life insurance, but we disagree.
                                





5 Common Questions About Life Insurance

                                    Starting a family is one of the most exciting times in your life, but it can also feel overwhelming. You probably have questions, and that’s a good thing.
                                





Insuring a Long Life is More than a Policy

                                    Scott is at a stage of life that is full of new adventures and responsibilities, many of which bring new financial pressures for young families.
                                





Introducing Vitality Active Rewards with Apple Watch®

                                    What if you could earn Apple Watch just for being active? With John Hancock Vitality, now that’s possible. Learn More
                                













Vitality is the provider of the John Hancock Vitality Program in connection with policies issued by John Hancock. 
Premium savings are in comparison to the same John Hancock policy without the Vitality program. Annual premium savings will vary based upon policy type, the terms of the policy, and the level of the insured’s participation in the John Hancock Vitality program. 
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states. Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02210 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595. 
 















	John Hancock Annuities - Home Page


















































About Us






Help






Contact Us






Register Now!






JH New York















Home






VariableAnnuities






FixedAnnuities






Performance






LearningCenter






Forms






Claim Center










                            Overview
                        



                            Overview
                        



                            Performance
                        



                            Tax Center
                        

                            eDelivery
                        



                            Overview
                        

                            Annuitization Essentials
                        















Main home page



Enroll in Automatic Distribution Programs



 For your RMD
 For your rider income 







 








We are proud to announce the following NEW features on our website:

Click here to view step-by-step guides of our most popular service forms, including IRS Form W-9.
Click here to report a death and initiate a claim online.
Click here to submit our most popular service forms entirely online. Within the forms list, find the forms with the Submit Online button.









 



Contact your financial advisor or call 1-800-344-1029 for more information, including product and fund prospectuses that contain complete details on investment objectives, risks, fees, charges, and expenses as well as other information about the investment company, which should be carefully considered. Please read the prospectuses carefully prior to purchasing. The prospectuses contain this and other information on the product and underlying portfolios.MLINY062917165









public footer
















Contract Login
Username

Password


Forgot My Password
New to our site? Register Now







Register and have your account at your fingertips.





Gain online access to all your contract details and documents and sign up for eDelivery.>> Click here for more information on registering.>> Click here to register now.





















Communication Delivery Update

Effective August 18, 2017, all financial representative communications can only be viewed electronically. A hard copy mailing option will no longer be available.
Register or log in to your account above and select what you would like to view under your Activity Center.













Initiate a Claim

Click here to get started.













Request Tax Forms





Please click here to request that an IRS Form 1099-R or 5498 from a previous tax year be sent to your address of record.























      US Division:  Please visit www.johnhancock.com for additional information on the company and other products John Hancock offers.       Privacy Policy  |  Legal Disclaimer   | Careers  | Copyright © 2017
John Hancock Annuities are issued by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Lansing, MI 48906, which is not licensed in New York. In New York, John Hancock Annuities are issued by John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595. John Hancock Variable Annuities are distributed by John Hancock Distributors LLC, member FINRA.




























SEC Info - Hancock John Variable Life Account Uv - ‘497’ on 5/2/06










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Hancock John Variable Life Account Uv – ‘497’ on 5/2/06On:  Tuesday, 5/2/06, at 2:21pm ET   ·   Effective:  5/2/06   ·   Accession #:  1193125-6-96503   ·   File #:  33-63900
Previous ‘497’:  ‘497’ on 5/2/06   ·   Next:  ‘497’ on 5/2/06   ·   Latest:  ‘497’ on 10/24/16



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 5/02/06  Hancock John Var Life Account Uv  497         5/02/06    1:109K                                   RR Donnelley/FA
          → Hancock John Variable Life Account Uv ⇒ JHLICO VLI – NY Annual Premium Variable LifeF-->Definitive Material   —   Rule 497Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 497         Acct Uv - Vli Ny                                      31    173K 

D-->Document Table of Contents
Page (sequential) | (alphabetic) Top A-->
Alternative Formats (Word, et al.)
Account value, The
Additional compensation and revenue sharing
Additional information about how certain policy charges work
Allocation of future premium payments
Annual dividends
Assigning your policy
Changes that we can make as to your policy
Commencement of investment performance
Corporate and H.R. 10 retirement plans
Death benefit
Deductions from account assets
Deductions from premium payments
Delay for check clearance
Delay of general account surrender proceeds
Delay of separate account proceeds
Delay to challenge coverage
Description of charges at the fund level
Description of charges at the policy level
Description of John Hancock
Description of John Hancock Variable Life Account UV
Detailed Information
Differential compensation
Distribution of policies
Diversification rules and ownership of the Account
Effects of policy loans
Fee Tables
Financial statements reference
General
General rules
Guaranteed minimum death benefit
How you communicate with us
Independent registered public accounting firm
Investment options
Investment risk
Lapse and reinstatement
Lapse risk
Life insurance purchases by non-resident aliens
Life insurance purchases by residents of Puerto Rico
Limitation on number of investment options
Limitations on payment of death benefit
Market timing risk
Method of deduction
Nature of the policy, The
Optional benefit riders
Optional benefit riders you can add
Other charges we could impose in the future
Other policy benefits, rights and limitations
Other policy distributions
Owner of the policy, The
Payment period and frequency
Policy cancellation right
Policy death benefit proceeds
Policy loans
Premium payments
Premiums
Processing premium payments
Registration statement filed with the SEC
Repayment of policy loans
Reports that you will receive
Sales expenses and related charges
Standard compensation
Summary of Benefits and Risks
Summary of policy benefits
Summary of policy risks
Surrender
Surrender of the policy
Table of Investment Options and Investment Subadvisers
Tax considerations
Tax risks
Telephone and facsimile transactions
The account value
The nature of the policy
The owner of the policy
Transfer risk
Transfers of existing cash value
Variable sum insured
Ways to pay premiums
When we pay policy proceeds
Withholding
7-Pay Premium Limit and Modified Endowment Contract Status
S-->
11st Page   -   Filing Submission
4Summary of Benefits and Risks
"The nature of the policy
"Summary of policy benefits
"Death benefit
"Surrender of the policy
"Policy loans
5Optional benefit riders
"Investment options
"Summary of policy risks
"Lapse risk
"Investment risk
"Transfer risk
"Market timing risk
6Tax risks
7Fee Tables
13Detailed Information
"Table of Investment Options and Investment Subadvisers
14Description of John Hancock
15Description of John Hancock Variable Life Account UV
"Premiums
"Premium payments
"Ways to pay premiums
16Payment period and frequency
"Processing premium payments
"Lapse and reinstatement
17Guaranteed minimum death benefit
"Variable sum insured
18Limitations on payment of death benefit
"The account value
"Annual dividends
"Commencement of investment performance
19Allocation of future premium payments
"Transfers of existing cash value
"Limitation on number of investment options
"Surrender
20Repayment of policy loans
"Effects of policy loans
21Description of charges at the policy level
"Deductions from premium payments
"Deductions from account assets
"Additional information about how certain policy charges work
"Sales expenses and related charges
22Method of deduction
"Other charges we could impose in the future
"Description of charges at the fund level
"Other policy benefits, rights and limitations
"Optional benefit riders you can add
23Changes that we can make as to your policy
"The owner of the policy
"Policy cancellation right
24Reports that you will receive
"Assigning your policy
"When we pay policy proceeds
"General
"Delay to challenge coverage
"Delay for check clearance
"Delay of separate account proceeds
"Delay of general account surrender proceeds
"How you communicate with us
"General rules
25Telephone and facsimile transactions
"Distribution of policies
26Standard compensation
"Additional compensation and revenue sharing
"Differential compensation
27Tax considerations
"Policy death benefit proceeds
"Other policy distributions
28Diversification rules and ownership of the Account
297-Pay Premium Limit and Modified Endowment Contract Status
"Corporate and H.R. 10 retirement plans
"Withholding
30Life insurance purchases by residents of Puerto Rico
"Life insurance purchases by non-resident aliens
"Financial statements reference
"Registration statement filed with the SEC
"Independent registered public accounting firm
P-->4971st Page of 31TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
Prospectus dated May 1, 2006
for interests in
Separate Account UV 

Interests are made available under

ANNUAL PREMIUM VARIABLE LIFE

a scheduled premium variable life insurance policy issued by

JOHN HANCOCK LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY ("John Hancock")

The policy provides fixed account options with fixed rates of return declared   
by John Hancock 
and the following investment accounts:

International Equity Index B                                                    
Blue Chip Growth                                                                
Real Estate Securities                                                          

Growth & Income                                                                 
Managed                                                                         

Active Bond                                                                     
Money Market B                                                                  

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

 Please note that the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") has not
approved or disapproved these securities, or determined if this prospectus is   
truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

P-->4972nd Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
GUIDE TO THIS PROSPECTUS
This prospectus is arranged in the following way:                               

o The first section is called "Summary of Benefits and Risks." It contains
 a summary of the benefits available under the policy and of the principal
risks of purchasing the policy. You should read this section before     
reading any other section of this prospectus.                           

 o Behind the Summary of Benefits and Risks section is a section called "Fee
Tables" that describes the fees and expenses you will pay when buying,  
owning and surrendering the policy.                                     

 o Behind the Fee Tables section is a section called "Detailed Information."
This section gives more details about the policy. It may repeat certain 
information contained in the Summary of Benefits and Risks section in   
order to put the more detailed information in proper context.           

o Finally, on the back cover of this prospectus is information concerning 
the Statement of Additional Information (the "SAI") and how the SAI,    
personalized illustrations and other information can be obtained.       

Prior to making any investment decisions, you should carefully review this      
product prospectus and all applicable supplements in conjunction with the       
prospectuses for the underlying funds that we make available as investment      
options under the policies. The funds' prospectuses describe the investment     
objectives, policies and restrictions of, and the risks relating to, investment 
in the funds. In the case of any of the portfolios that are operated as "feeder 
funds", the prospectus for the corresponding "master fund" is also provided. If 
you need to obtain additional copies of any of these documents, please contact  
your John Hancock representative or contact our Service Office at the address   
and telephone number on the back page of this product prospectus.               

2 

P-->4973rd Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                              Page No.
                                                             ---------

SUMMARY OF BENEFITS AND RISKS .........................        4      
The nature of the policy ..............................        4      
Summary of policy benefits ............................        4      
   Death benefit ......................................        4      
   Surrender of the policy ............................        4      
   Policy loans .......................................        4      
   Optional benefit riders ............................        5      
   Investment options .................................        5      
Summary of policy risks ...............................        5      
   Lapse risk .........................................        5      
   Investment risk ....................................        5      
   Transfer risk ......................................        5      
   Market timing risk .................................        5      
   Tax risks ..........................................        6      
FEE TABLES ............................................        7      
DETAILED INFORMATION ..................................      13       
Table of Investment Options and Investment
Subadvisers ........................................      13       
Description of John Hancock ...........................      14       
Description of John Hancock Variable Life
Account UV .........................................      15       
Premiums ..............................................      15       
   Premium payments ...................................      15       
   Ways to pay premiums ...............................      15       
   Payment period and frequency. ......................      16       
   Processing premium payments ........................      16       
Lapse and reinstatement ...............................      16       
The death benefit .....................................      17       
   Guaranteed minimum death benefit ...................      17       
   Variable sum insured ...............................      17       
   Limitations on payment of death benefit ............      18       
The account value .....................................      18       
   Annual dividends ...................................      18       
   Commencement of investment performance .............      18       
   Allocation of future premium payments ..............      19       
   Transfers of existing cash value ...................      19       
   Limitation on number of investment options .........      19       
Surrender .............................................      19       
Policy loans ..........................................      20       
   Repayment of policy loans ..........................      20       
   Effects of policy loans ............................      20       
Description of charges at the policy level ............      21       
   Deductions from premium payments ...................      21       
   Deductions from account assets .....................      21       

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                              Page No.
                                                             ---------

Additional information about how certain policy
charges work ....................................      21       
   Sales expenses and related charges .................      21       
   Method of deduction ................................      22       
   Other charges we could impose in the future ........      22       
Description of charges at the fund level ..............      22       
Other policy benefits, rights and limitations .........      22       
   Optional benefit riders you can add ................      22       
   Changes that we can make as to your policy .........      23       
   The owner of the policy ............................      23       
   Policy cancellation right ..........................      23       
   Reports that you will receive ......................      24       
   Assigning your policy ..............................      24       
   When we pay policy proceeds ........................      24       
   General ............................................      24       
   Delay to challenge coverage ........................      24       
   Delay for check clearance ..........................      24       
   Delay of separate account proceeds .................      24       
   Delay of general account surrender proceeds ........      24       
   How you communicate with us ........................      24       
   General rules ......................................      24       
   Telephone and facsimile transactions ...............      25       
Distribution of policies ..............................      25       
   Standard compensation ..............................      26       
   Additional compensation and revenue sharing ........      26       
   Differential compensation ..........................      26       
Tax considerations ....................................      27       
   General ............................................      27       
   Policy death benefit proceeds ......................      27       
   Other policy distributions .........................      27       
   Policy loans .......................................      28       
   Diversification rules and ownership of the
Account .........................................      28       
   7-pay premium limit and modified endowment
contract status .................................      29       
   Corporate and H.R. 10 retirement plans .............      29       
   Withholding ........................................      29       
   Life insurance purchases by residents of Puerto
Rico ............................................      30       
   Life insurance purchases by non-resident aliens.....      30       
Financial statements reference ........................      30       
Registration statement filed with the SEC .............      30       
Independent registered public accounting firm .........      30       

3 

P-->4974th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 4th
SUMMARY OF BENEFITS AND RISKS 

The nature of the policy                                                        

 This prospectus describes three types of policies being offered by John
Hancock: a Variable Whole Life Policy, a Variable Whole Life P 50 Policy and a  
Variable Whole Life 100 Policy. The policies described in this prospectus are   
available only in New York. The minimum death benefit that may be bought is     
$25,000 for the Whole Life Policy, $50,000 for the Whole Life P 50 Policy and   
$100,000 for the Whole Life 100 Policy. For the Whole Life Policy and the Whole 
Life P 50 Policy, all persons insured must meet certain health and other        
criteria called "underwriting standards." All persons insured under the Whole   
Life 100 Policy must meet "preferred risk" and non-smoking underwriting         
standards. All policies may be issued on insured persons between ages of 0 and  
75. Discounts are available to insured persons meeting non-smoking underwriting 
criteria.                                                                       

The policy's primary purpose is to provide lifetime protection against
economic loss due to the death of the insured person. The policy is unsuitable  
as a short-term savings vehicle because of the substantial policy-level         
charges. We are obligated to pay all amounts promised under the policy. The     
value of the amount you have invested under the policy may increase or decrease 
daily based upon the investment results of the variable investment options that 
you choose. The amount we pay to the policy's beneficiary insured person (we    
call this the "death benefit") may be similarly affected. That's why the policy 
is referred to as a "variable" life insurance policy. We call the investments   
you make in the policy "premiums" or "premium payments."

Summary of policy benefits

Death benefit                                                                   

In your application for the policy, you will tell us how much life    
insurance coverage you want on the life of the insured person. This is called   
the "Sum Insured."                                                              

When the insured person dies, we will pay the death benefit minus any 
indebtedness. The death benefit will be an amount equal to the greater of the   
guaranteed minimum death benefit and the Variable Sum Insured on the date of    
death of the insured person. The Variable Sum Insured is an amount equal to the 
Initial Sum Insured at issue and thereafter varies, as discussed under          
"Variable Sum Insured".                                                         

Surrender of the policy                                                         

  You may surrender the policy in full at any time. If you do, we will pay
you the account value of the policy less any outstanding policy plus any        
dividends and interest unpaid or unapplied, and the cash value of any insurance 
purchased under any dividend option with an adjustment to reflect the           
difference between the gross premium and the net premium for the period beyond  
the date of surrender, less any indebtedness. This is called your "surrender    
value." You must return your policy when you request a surrender.               

If you have not taken a loan on your policy, the "cash value" of your 
policy (assuming you take all dividend payments in cash) will, on any given     
date, be equal to:                                                              

o the amount you invested,                                            

    o plus or minus the investment experience of the investment options you've
chosen, and                                                               

o minus all charges we deduct.                                        

If you take a loan on your policy, your cash value will be computed   
somewhat differently. This is discussed under "Policy Loans."

Policy loans                                                                    

    You may borrow from your policy at any time after the first policy year by
completing the appropriate form. The minimum amount of each loan is $100. The   
maximum amount you can borrow is determined by a formula. Interest is charged   
on each loan. You can pay the interest or allow it to become part of the        
outstanding loan balance. You can repay all or part of a loan at any time. If   
there is an outstanding loan when the insured person dies, it will be deducted  
from the death benefit. Policy loans permanently affect the calculation of your 
cash value, and may also result in adverse tax consequences.                    

4 

P-->4975th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 5th
Optional benefit riders                                                         

    When you apply for the policy, you can request any of the optional benefit
riders that we make available. There are a number of such riders. Charges for   
most riders will be deducted monthly from the policy's account value.           

Investment options                                                              

  The policy offers a number of investment options, as listed on the cover
of this prospectus. They cover a broad spectrum of investment styles and        
strategies. Although the funds of the Series Funds that underlie those          
investment options operate like publicly traded mutual funds, there are         
important differences between your investment options and publicly-traded       
mutual funds. On the plus side, you can transfer money from one investment      
option to another without tax liability. Moreover, any dividends and capital    
gains distributed by each underlying fund are automatically reinvested and      
reflected in the fund's value and create no taxable event for you. On the       
negative side, if and when policy earnings are distributed (generally as a      
result of a surrender or partial withdrawal), they will be treated as ordinary  
income instead of as capital gains. Also, you must keep in mind that you are    
purchasing an insurance policy and you will be assessed charges at the policy   
level as well as at the fund level. Such policy level charges are significant   
and will reduce the investment performance of your investment options.          

Summary of policy risks

Lapse risk                                                                      

    If you don't pay a premium when due, you will have a 31 day "grace period"
to make that payment. If you don't pay the premium by the end of the grace      
period, your policy will terminate (i.e., lapse). All coverage under the policy 
will then cease. Even if the policy terminates in this way, you can still       
reactivate (i.e., "reinstate") it within 3 years from the beginning of the      
grace period, unless the surrender value has been paid or otherwise exhausted,  
or the period of any extended term coverage (discussed below) has expired. To   
reinstate the policy, you must make the required premium payments and           
satisfying certain other conditions.                                            

    Since withdrawals reduce your account value, withdrawals increase the risk
of lapse. Loans also increase the risk of lapse.                                

Investment risk                                                                 

   As mentioned above, the investment performance of any variable investment
option may be good or bad. Your account value will rise or fall based on the    
investment performance of the variable investment options you've chosen. Some   
variable investment options are riskier than others. These risks (and potential 
rewards) are discussed in detail in the attached prospectuses of the Series     
Funds.                                                                          

Transfer risk                                                                   

  There is a risk that you will not be able to transfer your account value
from one investment option to another because of limitations on the frequency   
of transfers you can make. The limitations on transfers out of the fixed        
account are more restrictive than those that apply to transfers out of          
investment accounts.                                                            

Market timing risk                                                              

  Variable investment options in variable life insurance products can be a
prime target for abusive transfer activity because these products value their   
variable investment options on a daily basis and allow transfers among variable 
investment options without immediate tax consequences. As a result, some        
investors may seek to frequently transfer into and out of variable investment   
options in reaction to market news or to exploit a perceived pricing            
inefficiency. Whatever the reason, long-term investors in a variable investment 
option can be harmed by frequent transfer activity since such activity may      
expose the investment option's underlying fund to increased portfolio           
transaction costs and/or disrupt the fund manager's ability to effectively      
manage the fund's investment portfolio in accordance with the fund's investment 
objectives and policies, both of which may result in dilution with respect to   
interests held for long-term investment.                                        

    To discourage disruptive frequent trading activity, we impose restrictions
on transfers (see "Transfers of existing account value") and reserve the right  
to change, suspend or terminate telephone and facsimile transaction privileges  
(see "How you communicate with us"). In addition, we reserve the right to take  
other actions at any time to restrict trading, including, but not limited to:   
(i) restricting the number of transfers made during a defined period, (ii)      
restricting the dollar amount of transfers,                                     

5 

P-->4976th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 6th
and (iii) restricting transfers into and out of certain investment accounts. We 
also reserve the right to defer a transfer at any time we are unable to         
purchase or redeem shares of the underlying fund.                               

While we seek to identify and prevent disruptive frequent trading     
activity, it may not always be possible to do so. Therefore, no assurance can   
be given that the restrictions we impose will be successful in preventing all   
disruptive frequent trading and avoiding harm to long-term investors.           

Tax risks                                                                       

 In order for you to receive the tax benefits extended to life insurance
under the Internal Revenue Code, your policy must comply with certain           
requirements of the Code. We will monitor your policy for compliance with these 
requirements, but a policy might fail to qualify as life insurance in spite of  
our monitoring. If this were to occur, you would be subject to income tax on    
the income credited to your policy for the period of disqualification and all   
subsequent periods. The tax laws also contain a so-called "7 pay limit" that    
limits the amount of premium that can be paid in relation to the policy's death 
benefit. If the limit is violated, the policy will be treated as a "modified    
endowment contract", which can have adverse tax consequences. There are also    
certain Treasury Department rules referred to as the "investor control rules"   
that determine whether you would be treated as the "owner" of the assets        
underlying your policy. If that were determined to be the case, you would be    
taxed on any income or gains those assets generate. In other words, you would   
lose the value of the so-called "inside build-up" that is a major benefit of    
life insurance.                                                                 

    There is also a tax risk associated with policy loans. Although no part of
a loan is treated as income to you when the loan is made, surrender or lapse of 
the policy would result in the loan being treated as a distribution at the time 
of lapse or surrender. This could result in a considerable tax bill. Under      
certain circumstances involving large amounts of outstanding loans and an       
insured person of advanced age, you might find yourself having to choose        
between high premium requirements to keep your policy from lapsing and a        
significant tax burden if you allow the lapse to occur.                         

    Tax consequences of ownership or receipt of policy proceeds under federal,
state and local estate, inheritance, gift and other tax laws can vary greatly   
depending upon the circumstances of each owner or beneficiary. There can also   
be unfavorable tax consequences on such things as the change of policy          
ownership or assignment of ownership interests. For these and all the other     
reasons mentioned above, we recommend you consult with a qualified tax adviser  
before buying the policy and before exercising certain rights under the policy. 

6 

P-->4977th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 7th
FEE TABLES
This section contains five tables that describe all of the fees and   
expenses that you will pay when buying, owning and surrendering the policy. In  
the first three tables, only one entry shows the minimum charge, the maximum    
charge and the charge for a representative insured person. Other entries show   
only the maximum charge we can assess and are labeled as such. The remaining    
entries are always calculated in the same way, so we cannot assess a charge     
that is greater than the charge shown in the table. Except where necessary to   
show a rate greater than zero, all rates shown in the tables have been rounded  
to two decimal places as required by prospectus disclosure rules. Consequently, 
the actual rates charged may be slightly higher or lower than those shown.      

    The first table below describes the fees and expenses that you will pay at
the time that you pay a premium.                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                    Transaction Fees                                    
                Charge                                  When Charge is Deducted         
                                                                                        
Premium sales charge                        Upon payment of premium                     
Premium tax charge                          Upon payment of premium                     
Maximum adjustments for premium             Upon payment of premium                     
payment frequency                                                                       
Annual administrative charge                Upon payment of premium once in each        
                                            policy year                                 
Maximum charge for extra insurance          Upon payment of premium                     
risk                                                                                    
Additional first year administrative        Upon payment of premium in first policy year
charge                                                                                  
Maximum risk charge(1)                      Upon payment of premium                     
Maximum deduction for dividends(2)          Upon payment of premium                     


                Charge                                   Amount Deducted                
                                                                                        
Premium sales charge                        9% of the basic annual premium              
Premium tax charge                          2.5% of each premium paid                   
Maximum adjustments for premium             For monthly premiums, 0.0027 times          
payment frequency                           annual premium                              
                                            For quarterly premiums, 0.0100 times        
                                            annual premium                              
                                            For semi-annual premiums, 0.0015            
                                            times annual premium                        
Annual administrative charge                $50                                         
Maximum charge for extra insurance          $79.91 per $1,000 of Initial Sum            
risk                                        Insured                                     
Additional first year administrative        $13 per $1,000 of Initial Sum Insured       
charge                                      for Variable Whole Life Policy              
                                            $7 per $1,000 of Initial Sum Insured for    
                                            Variable Whole Life P50 Policy              
                                            $4 per $1,000 of Initial Sum Insured for    
                                            Variable Whole Life 100 Policy              
Maximum risk charge(1)                      $4.82 per $1,000 of Initial Sum Insured     
Maximum deduction for dividends(2)          $27.02 per $1,000 of Initial Sum            
                                            Insured                                     

(1) The risk charge varies by the issue age of the insured person. The charge   
shown is for a policy issued to cover a 75 year old. This charge is     
imbedded in the base premium.                                           

(2) This charge varies by the issue age of the insured person and the length of 
time the policy has been in effect. The charge shown is for a policy    
issued to cover a 75 year old that is in its eighth policy year. This   
charge is imbedded in the base premium.                                 

7 

P-->4978th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 8th
The next two tables describe the fees and expenses that you will pay  
periodically during the time you own the policy. These tables do not include    
fees and expenses paid at the fund level. Except for the policy loan interest   
rate, the charges shown in the first table are deducted from your policy        
assets. The second table is devoted only to optional rider benefits. The        
charges shown in the rider table are, in fact, premiums that must be paid with  
premiums for the base policy.                                                   

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                              Periodic Charges Other Than Fund Operating Expenses                                   
                                    When Charge is                               Amount Deducted                    
            Charge                     Deducted                   Guaranteed Rate                  Current Rate     
                                                                                                                    
Insurance charge:(1)                                                                                                
 Minimum charge                Monthly                      $0.06 per $1,000 of AAR         $0.06 per $1,000 of AAR 
 Maximum charge                Monthly                      $83.33 per $1,000 of AAR        $83.33 per $1,000 of AAR
 Charge for representative     Monthly                      $0.40 per $1,000 of AAR         $0.40 per $1,000 of AAR 
 insured person                                                                                                     
M&E charge(2)                  Daily                        .00137% of assets               .00137% of assets       
Maximum policy loan interest   Accrues daily Payable        8.0%                            8.0%                    
rate(3)                        annually                                                                             

(1) The insurance charge is determined by multiplying the amount of insurance   
for which we are at risk (the amount at risk or "AAR") by the applicable
  cost of insurance rate. The rates vary widely depending upon the length of
 time the policy has been in effect, the insurance risk characteristics of
the insured person and (generally) the gender of the insured person. The
  "minimum" rate shown in the table is the rate in the first policy year for
a policy issued to cover a 10 year old female preferred non-tobacco     
underwriting risk. The "maximum" rate shown in the table is the rate in 
the first policy year for a policy issued to cover a 99 year old male   
 substandard tobacco underwriting risk. This includes the so-called "extra
 mortality charge." The "representative insured person" referred to in the
table is a 45 year old male preferred non-tobacco underwriting risk. The
charges shown in the table may not be particularly relevant to your     
current situation. For more information about cost of insurance rates,  
talk to your John Hancock representative.                               

(2) The effective annual rate equivalents of the actual unrounded daily rates   
charged are .50% and .50%, respectively.                                        

(3) 8.0% is the effective annual interest rate charged in states where the      
fixed loan interest rate is applicable. In all other states, the loan   
interest rate is variable and will not be less than 5.50%. The amount of
any loan is transferred from the investment options to a special loan   
 account which earns interest at an effective annual rate that is not more
 than 2.0% less than the loan interest rate then being charged. Therefore,
the true cost of a loan is the difference between the loan interest we  
charge and the interest we credit to the special loan account.          

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                       Rider Charges(1)                                                             
                                           When Charge is                                           
                 Charge                         Paid                                                
                                                                                                    
Disability Benefit - Waiver of Premiums  Paid with, and                                             
Rider                                    in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               
Fixed Accidental Death Benefit Rider     Paid with, and                                             
                                         in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               
Children's Insurance Benefit Rider       Paid with, and                                             
                                         in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               
Applicant's Waiver of Premiums Benefit   Paid with, and                                             
                                         in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               
Indeterminate Premium YRT Rider on       Paid with, and                                             
Insured and/or Spouse                    in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               
Initial Term Insurance Rider             Paid with, and                                             
                                         in addition to,                                            
                                         base premium                                               


                 Charge                                 Maximum Amount of Annual Charge             
                                                                                                    
Disability Benefit - Waiver of Premiums  $2.29 per $1,000 Initial Sum Insured                       
Rider                                                                                               
Fixed Accidental Death Benefit Rider     $1.14 per $1,000 of ADB coverage                           
Children's Insurance Benefit Rider       $6.00 per $1,000 of Rider coverage, regardless of number of
                                         children                                                   
Applicant's Waiver of Premiums Benefit   $2.63 per $1,000 of premiums waived                        
Indeterminate Premium YRT Rider on       $97.76 per $1,000 of YRT coverage                          
Insured and/or Spouse                                                                               
Initial Term Insurance Rider             $5.89 per $1,000 of Initial Term Amount                    

(1) "Charges" for each of the riders shown above are, in fact, premiums to be   
paid in addition to premiums on the base policy. They are not deductions
  from policy values. Each charge shown is the maximum that can be assessed.

8 

P-->4979th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 9th
  The next table describes the minimum and maximumportfolio level fees and
expenses charged by any of the portfolios underlying a variable investment      
option offered through this prospectus, expressed as a percentage of average    
net assets (rounded to two decimal places). These expenses are deducted from    
portfolio assets.                                                               

                                                                [Download Table]

           Total Annual Portfolio Operating Expenses              Minimum   Maximum
                                                                                   
Range of expenses, including management fees, distribution and/                    
                                                                 0.53%     0.88%   
or service (12b-1) fees, and other expenses                                        

    The next table describes the fees and expenses for each class of shares of
each portfolio underlying a variable investment option offered through this     
prospectus. None of the portfolios charge a sales load or surrender fee.The     
fees and expenses do not reflect the fees and expenses of any variable          
insurance contract or qualified plan which may use theportfolio as its          
underlying investment medium. All of the portfolios shown in the table are NAV  
class shares that are not subject to Rule 12b-1 fees. The expense ratios shown  
in the table for the NAV class shares of a portfolio are estimates for the      
current fiscal year. In those cases where a portfolio had a Series I class of   
shares in operation during 2005, the NAV class estimates are based upon the     
expense ratios of the portfolio's Series I shares for the year ended            
December 31, 2005 (adjusted to reflect the absence of a Rule 12b-1 fee          
applicable to the NAV shares).                                                  

Portfolio Annual Expenses                                             
(as a percentage of portfolio average net assets, rounded to two decimal        
places)                                                                         

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                               Management    12b-1      Other          Total     
Portfolio                                         Fees        Fees    Expenses    Annual Expenses
--------------------------------------------  ------------  -------  ----------  ----------------
                                                                                                 
 International Equity Index BB/D/I .........  0.55%         N/A      0.04%       0.59%           

9 

P-->49710th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 10th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                         Management   12b-1      Other          Total     
Portfolio                                                   Fees       Fees    Expenses    Annual Expenses
------------------------------------------------------  -----------  -------  ----------  ----------------
                                                                                                          
 Blue Chip Growth ....................................  0.81%A       N/A      0.07%       0.88%           
 Real Estate Securities ..............................  0.70%        N/A      0.06%       0.76%           
 Growth & IncomeB ....................................  0.68%        N/A      0.08%       0.76%           
 ManagedB ............................................  0.69%        N/A      0.06%       0.75%           
 Active BondB ........................................  0.60%        N/A      0.07%       0.67%           
 Money Market BB/D/I..................................  0.49%        N/A      0.04%       0.53%           

10

P-->49711th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 11th
AThe Adviser has voluntarily agreed to waive a portion of its advisory fee for  
the Blue Chip Growth portfolio. This waiver is based on the combined average    
daily net assets of this portfolio and the following fund of John Hancock Funds 
II: Blue Chip Growth Fund the "T. Rowe Portfolios".                             

The percentage fee reduction is as follows:                                     

                                                                [Download Table]

Combined Average Daily Net                            Fee Reduction             
Assets of the T. Rowe Portfolios         (as a percentage of the Management Fee)
----------------------------------      ----------------------------------------
                                                                                
  First $750 million..............                        0.00%                 
  Over $750 million...............                         5.0%                 

Effective November 1, 2006, the percentage reduction will be as follows:        

                                                                [Download Table]

Combined Average Daily Net                           Fee Reduction             
Assets of the T. Rowe Portfolios        (as a percentage of the Management Fee)
-------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
                                                                               
  First $750 million.................                    0.00%                 
  Next $750 million..................                     5.0%                 
  Excess over $1.5 billion...........                     7.5%                 

This voluntary fee waiver may be terminated at any time by the Adviser.         

BCommenced operations April 29, 2005.                                           

DBased on estimates for the current fiscal year.                                

11

P-->49712th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 12th
IThe adviser for this fund has agreed, pursuant to its agreement with the John  
Hancock Trust, to waive its management fee (or, if necessary, reimburse         
expenses of the fund) to the extent necessary to limit the fund`s "Annual       
Operating Expenses". A fund's "Annual Operating Expenses" includes all of its   
operating expenses including advisory fees and Rule 12b-1 fees, but excludes    
taxes, brokerage commissions, interest, litigation and indemnification expenses 
and extraordinary expenses of the fund not incurred in the ordinary course of   
the fund`s business. Under the agreement, the adviser's obligation will remain  
in effect until May 1, 2007 and will terminate after that date only if the John 
Hancock Trust, without the prior written consent of the adviser, sells shares   
of the fund to (or has shares of the fund held by) any person other than the    
variable life insurance or variable annuity insurance separate accounts of John 
Hancock Life Insurance Company or any of its affiliates that are specified in   
the agreement. If this fee waiver had been reflected, the management fee shown  
for the, International Equity Index Trust B and Money Market Trust B would      
be 0.22% and 0.22%, respectively, and the Total Fund Annual Expenses shown would
be 0.25% and 0.25%, respectively.                                               

12

P-->49713th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 13th
DETAILED INFORMATION
 This section of the prospectus provides additional detailed information
that is not contained in the Summary of Benefits and Risks section.             

Table of Investment Options and Investment Subadvisers                          

    When you select a Separate Account investment option, we invest your money
in shares of a corresponding portfolio of the John Hancock Trust (the "Trust")  
and hold the shares in a sub-account of the Separate Account. The Fee Tables    
show the investment management fees, Rule 12b-1 fees and other operating        
expenses for these portfolio shares as a percentage (rounded to two decimal     
places) of each portfolio's average net assets for 2005, except as indicated in 
the footnotes appearing at the end of the table. Fees and expenses of the       
portfolios are not fixed or specified under the terms of the policies and may   
vary from year to year. These fees and expenses differ for each portfolio and   
reduce the investment return of each portfolio. Therefore, they also indirectly 
reduce the return you will earn on any Separate Account investment options you  
select.                                                                         

   The John Hancock Trust is a so-called "series" type mutual funds and each
is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 ("1940 Act") as an       
open-end management investment company. John Hancock Investment Management      
Services, LLC ("JHIMS LLC") provides investment advisory services to the Trust  
and receives investment management fees for doing so. JHIMS pays a portion of   
its investment management fees to other firms that manage the Trust's           
portfolios. We and our affiliate own JHIMS LLC and indirectly benefit from any  
investment management fees JHIMS LLC retains.                                   

  The portfolios pay us or certain of our affiliates compensation for some
of the distribution, administrative, shareholder support, marketing and other   
services we or our affiliates provide to the portfolios. The amount of this     
compensation is based on a percentage of the assets of the portfolios           
attributable to the variable insurance products that we and our affiliates      
issue. These percentages may differ from portfolio to portfolio and among       
classes of shares within a portfolio. In some cases, the compensation is        
derived from the Rule 12b-1 fees that are deducted from a portfolio's assets    
for the services we or our affiliates provide to that portfolio. In addition,   
compensation payments of up to 0.45% of assets may be made by a portfolio's     
investment advisers or its affiliates.                                          

   The following table provides a general description of the portfolios that
underlie the variable investment options we make available under the policy.    
You bear the investment risk of any portfolio you choose as an investment       
option for your policy. You can find a full description of each portfolio,      
including the investment objectives, policies and restrictions of, and the      
risks relating to investment in the portfolio in the prospectus for that        
portfolio. You should read the portfolio's prospectus carefully before          
investing in the corresponding variable investment option.                      

The investment options in the Separate Account are not publicly traded
mutual funds. The investment options are only available to you as investment    
options in the policies, or in some cases through other variable annuity        
contracts or variable life insurance policies issued by us or by other life     
insurance companies. In some cases, the investment options also may be          
available through participation in certain qualified pension or retirement      
plans. The portfolios' investment advisers and managers (i.e. subadvisers) may  
manage publicly traded mutual funds with similar names and investment           
objectives. However, the portfolios are not directly related to any publicly    
traded mutual fund. You should not compare the performance of any investment    
option described in this prospectus with the performance of a publicly traded   
mutual fund. The performance of any publicly traded mutual fund could differ    
substantially from that of any of the investment options of our Separate        
Account.                                                                        

The portfolios available under the policies are as follows:           

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

 Portfolio                        Portfolio Manager                                             
===============================  =============================                                  
                                                                                                
 International Equity Index B    SSgA Funds Management, Inc.                                    


 Portfolio                        Investment Description                                        
===============================  ===============================================================
                                                                                                
 International Equity Index B    Seeks to track the performance of broad-based equity           
                                 indices of foreign companies in developed and emerging         
                                 markets by attempting to track the performance of the          
                                 MSCI All Country World ex-US Index*. (Series I shares          
                                 are available for sale to contracts purchased prior to May
13, 2002; Series II shares are available for sale to contracts 
                                 purchased on or after May 13, 2002).                           

13

P-->49714th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 14th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

 Portfolio                   Portfolio Manager                                            
==========================  ==================================                            
                                                                                          
 Blue Chip Growth           T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.                                
 Real Estate Securities     Deutsche Asset Management, Inc.                               
 Growth & Income            Independence Investment LLC                                   
 Managed                     Independence Investmetn LLC                                  
                            Capital Guardian Trust Company                                
                            Declaration Management &                                      
                            Research LLC                                                  
 Active Bond                Declaration Management &                                      
                            Research LLC                                                  
                            Sovereign Asset Management, LLC,                              
                            LLC                                                           
 Money Market B              MFC Global Investment                                        
                            Management (U.S.A.) Limited                                   


 Portfolio                   Investment Description                                       
==========================  ==============================================================
                                                                                          
 Blue Chip Growth           Seeks to achieve long-term growth of capital (current         
                            income is a secondary objective) by investing, under          
                            normal market conditions, at least 80% of the portfolio's     
                            total assets in the common stocks of large and medium-        
                            sized blue chip growth companies. Many of the stocks in       
                            the portfolio are expected to pay dividends.                  
Real Estate Securities       Seeks to achieve a combination of long-term capital          
                            appreciation and current income by investing under normal     
                            market conditions, at least 80% of its net assets (plus any   
                            borrowings for investment purposes) in equity securities of   
                            real estate investment trusts ("REITS") and real estate       
                            companies.                                                    
 Growth & Income            Seeks income and long-term capital appreciation by            
                            investing, under normal market conditions, primarily in a     
                            diversified mix of common stocks of large U.S. companies.     
 Managed                     Seeks the balanced accomplishment of (a) conservation of     
                            principal and (b) long-term growth of capital and income      
                            by investing the portfolio's assets in both equity and fixed- 
                            income securities. The subadviser has full discretion to      
                            determine the allocation between equity and fixed income      
                            securities.                                                   
 Active Bond                Seeks income and capital appreciation by investing at least   
                            80% of its assets in a diversified mix of debt securities and 
                            instruments.                                                  
 Money Market B              Seeks maximum current income consistent with                 
                            preservation of principal and liquidity by investing in high  
                            quality money market instruments with maturities of 397       
                            days or less issued primarily by U. S. entities.              

* "Russell 2000 (Reg. TM)" is a trademark of Frank Russell Company. "MSCI All   
Country World ex US Index" is a trademark of Morgan Stanley & Co. None of the   
portfolios are sponsored, endorsed, managed, advised, sold or promoted by any   
of these companies, and none of these companies make any representation         
regarding the advisability of investing in the portfolios.                      

The indexes referred to in the portfolio descriptions track companies 
having the ranges of market capitalization, as of December 31, 2005, set out    
below:                                                                          

Russell 2000 Index - $105 million to $4.4 billion                     
MSCI All Country World ex US Index - $419 million to $219.5 billion   

Description of John Hancock                                                     

We are John Hancock Life Insurance Company, a Massachusetts stock life
insurance company. On February 1, 2000, John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance      
Company (which was chartered in Massachusetts in 1862) converted to a stock     
company by "demutualizing" and changed its name to John Hancock Life Insurance  
Company. As part of the demutualization process, John Hancock Life Insurance    
Company became a subsidiary of John Hancock Financial Services, Inc., a newly   
formed publicly-traded corporation. In April 2004, John Hancock Financial       
Services, Inc. was merged with a subsidiary of Manulife Financial Corporation,  
a publicly-traded corporation organized under the laws of Canada. The merger    
was effected pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September
28, 2003. As a consequence of the merger, John Hancock's ultimate parent is now 
Manulife Financial Corporation. Our Home Office is at John Hancock Place,       
Boston, Massachusetts 02117. We are authorized to transact a life insurance and 
annuity business in all states and in the District of Columbia. As of December
31, 2005, our assets were approximately $99.3 billion.                          

We are regulated and supervised by the Massachusetts Commissioner of  
Insurance, who periodically examines our affairs. We also are subject to the    
applicable insurance laws and regulations of all jurisdictions in which we are  
authorized to do business. We are required to submit annual statements of our   
operations, including financial statements, to the insurance                    

14

P-->49715th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 15th
departments of the various jurisdictions in which we do business for purposes   
of determining solvency and compliance with local insurance laws and            
regulations. The regulation to which we are subject, however, does not provide  
a guarantee as to such matters.                                                 

  We have received the following ratings from independent rating agencies:

A++ A.M.                                                              
Best Superior companies have a very strong ability to meet their      
obligations; 1st category of 16                                         

AA+ Fitch Ratings                                                     
 Very strong capacity to meet policyholder and contract obligations; 2nd
category of 24                                                          

AA+ Standard & Poor's                                                 
Very strong financial security characteristics; 2nd category of 21    

Aa2 Moody's                                                           
Excellent in financial strength; 3rd category of 21                   

    These ratings, which are current as of the date of this prospectus and are
subject to change, are assigned as a measure of our ability to honor any        
guarantees provided by the policy and any applicable optional riders, but do    
not specifically relate to its products, the performance (return) of these      
products, the value of any investment in these products upon withdrawal or to   
individual securities held in any portfolio. These ratings do not apply to the  
safety and performance of the Separate Account.                                 

Description of John Hancock Variable Life Account UV                            

    The variable investment options shown on page 1 are in fact subaccounts of
John Hancock Variable Life Account UV (the "Account"), a separate account       
established by us under Massachusetts law. The Account meets the definition of  
"separate account" under the federal securities laws and is registered as a     
unit investment trust under the 1940 Act. Such registration does not involve    
supervision by the SEC of the management of the Account or of us.               

  The Account's assets are our property. Each policy provides that amounts
we hold in the Account pursuant to the policies cannot be reached by any other  
persons who may have claims against us and can't be used to pay any             
indebtedness of John Hancock other than those arising out of policies that use  
the Account. Income, gains and losses credited to, or charged against, the      
Account reflect the Account's own investment experience and not the investment  
experience of John Hancock's other assets.                                      

    New subaccounts may be added and made available to policy owners from time
to time. Existing subaccounts may be modified or deleted at any time.           

Premiums

Premium payments                                                                

We call the investments you make in the policy "premiums" or "premium 
payments."

Ways to pay premiums                                                            

   If you pay premiums by check or money order, they must be drawn on a U.S.
bank in U.S. dollars and made payable to "John Hancock Life ." We will not      
accept credit card checks. We will not accept starter or third party checks if  
they fail to satisfy our administrative requirements. Premiums after the first  
must be sent to the John Hancock Servicing Office at the appropriate address    
shown on the back cover of this prospectus.                                     

We will also accept premiums:                                         

o by wire or by exchange from another insurance company,              

o via an electronic funds transfer program (any owner interested in making
monthly premium payments must use this method), or                      

  o if we agree to it, through a salary deduction plan with your employer.

 You can obtain information on these other methods of premium payment by
contacting your John Hancock representative or by contacting the John Hancock   
Servicing Office.                                                               

15

P-->49716th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 16th
Payment period and frequency.                                                   

    Premiums are payable annually or more frequently over the insured person's
lifetime in accordance with our published rules and rates. Premiums are payable 
on or before the due date specified in the policy. A refund or charge will be   
made to effect premium payment to the end of the policy month in which the      
insured person dies.                                                            

Processing premium payments                                                     

 We will process any premium payment as of the day we receive it, unless
one of the following exceptions applies:                                        

  (1) We will process a payment received prior to a policy's date of issue
as if received on the business day immediately preceding the date of issue.     

 (2) If the Minimum Initial Premium is not received prior to the date of
issue, we will process each premium payment received thereafter as if received  
on the business day immediately preceding the date of issue until all of the    
Minimum Initial Premium is received.                                            

(3) We will process the portion of any premium payment for which we   
require evidence of the insured person's continued insurability only after we   
have received such evidence and found it satisfactory to us.                    

    (4) If we receive any premium payment that we think will cause a policy to
become a modified endowment contract or will cause a policy to lose its status  
as life insurance under the tax laws, we will not accept the excess portion of  
that premium payment and will immediately notify the owner. We will refund the  
excess premium when the premium payment check has had time to clear the banking 
system (but in no case more than two weeks after receipt), except in the        
following circumstances:                                                        

 o The tax problem resolves itself prior to the date the refund is to be
made; or                                                                

o The tax problem relates to modified endowment contract status and we    
receive a signed acknowledgment from the owner prior to the refund date 
instructing us to process the premium notwithstanding the tax issues    
involved.                                                               

In the above cases, we will treat the excess premium as having been received on 
the date the tax problem resolves itself or the date we receive the signed      
acknowledgment. We will then process it accordingly.                            

(5) If a premium payment is received or is otherwise scheduled to be  
processed (as specified above) on a date that is not a business day, the        
premium payment will be processed on the business day next following that date. 

Lapse and reinstatement                                                         

    If you don't pay a premium when due, you will have a 31 day "grace period"
to make that payment. If you don't pay the premium by the end of the grace      
period, your policy will terminate (i.e., lapse). All coverage under the policy 
will then cease. Even if the policy terminates in this way, you can still       
reactivate (i.e., "reinstate") it within 3 years from the beginning of the      
grace period, unless the surrender value has been paid or otherwise exhausted,  
or the period of any extended term coverage (discussed below) has expired. You  
will have to provide evidence that the insured person still meets our           
requirements for issuing coverage. You will also have to pay a prescribed       
amount of premium and be subject to the other terms and conditions applicable   
to reinstatements, as specified in the policy. If the insured person dies       
during the grace period, we will deduct any unpaid premium from the death       
benefit, prorated to the end of the month of the insured person's death.        

 Prior to the end of the business day immediately preceding the 70th day
after the beginning of the grace period, any policy values available (as        
determined in accordance with the policy) may be applied as of the beginning of 
the grace period under one of the following options for continued insurance not 
requiring further payment of premiums. These options provide for Variable or    
Fixed Paid-Up Insurance or Fixed Extended Term Insurance on the life of the     
insured person commencing at the beginning of the grace period.                 

    Both the Variable and Fixed Paid-Up Insurance options provide an amount of
paid-up whole life insurance which the available policy values will purchase.   
The amount of Variable Paid-Up Insurance may then increase or decrease in       
accordance with the investment experience of the variable investment options.   
The Fixed Paid-Up Insurance option provides a fixed and level amount of         
insurance. The Fixed Extended Term Insurance option provides a fixed amount of  
insurance determined in accordance with the policy, with the insurance coverage 
continuing for as long a period as the available policy values will purchase.   

16

P-->49717th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 17th
For example, using a Variable Whole Life P50 Policy (Age 25 years     
Male-Smoker) and a 6% hypothetical gross annual investment return assumption,   
if an option was elected and became effective at the end of policy year 5, the  
insurance coverage provided by the options on lapse would be as follows:        

                                                                [Download Table]

  Variable or Fixed                                                             
 Paid-Up Whole Life                        Fixed Extended Term Insurance        
--------------------                --------------------------------------------
    Death Benefit                    Death Benefit        Term in Years and Days
--------------------       or       ---------------      -----------------------
                                                                                
  $10,427                           $62,736                 12 years 331 days   

If no option has been elected before the end of the business day      
immediately preceding the 70th day after the beginning of the grace period, the 
Fixed Extended Term Insurance option automatically applies unless the amount of 
Fixed Paid-Up Insurance would equal or exceed the amount of Fixed Extended Term 
Insurance or unless the insured person is a substandard risk, in either of      
which cases Fixed Paid-Up Insurance is provided.                                

 If the insured person dies after the grace period but before the end of
the business day immediately preceding the 70th day after the beginning of the  
grace period and prior to any election, and if the policy is then in force, we  
will pay a death benefit equal to the greater of the death benefits provided    
under Fixed Extended Term Insurance (if available) or Fixed Paid-Up Insurance   
determined in accordance with the policy.                                       

   A policy continued under any option may be surrendered for its cash value
while the insured person is living. Loans may be available under the Variable   
and Fixed Paid-Up Insurance options, but not under the Fixed Extended Term      
Insurance option.                                                               

    Generally, the suicide exclusion and incontestability provision will apply
from the effective date of the reinstatement. Your policy will indicate if this 
is not the case. A surrendered policy cannot be reinstatement.                  

The death benefit                                                               

In your application for the policy, you will tell us how much life    
insurance coverage you want on the life of the insured person. This is called   
the "Sum Insured."                                                              

When the insured person dies, we will pay the death benefit minus any 
indebtedness. The death benefit will be an amount equal to the greater of the   
guaranteed minimum death benefit and the Variable Sum Insured on the date of    
death of the insured person. The Variable Sum Insured is an amount equal to the 
Initial Sum Insured at issue and thereafter varies, as discussed below.         

Guaranteed minimum death benefit                                                

  The guaranteed minimum death benefit is equal to the Initial Sum Insured
on the date of issue of the policy. We guarantee that, regardless of what your  
variable investment options earn, the death benefit will never be less than the 
guaranteed minimum death benefit.                                               

Variable sum insured                                                            

   After the first policy month, the Variable Sum Insured is determined once
each policy month on the Monthly Date. (The Monthly Date is the first day of a  
policy month which day immediately follows a business day.) The Variable Sum    
Insured remains level during the policy month following the determination.      

   Changes in the Variable Sum Insured for each policy month are computed by
a formula, filed with the insurance supervisory officials of the jurisdiction   
in which the policy has been delivered or issued for delivery. Under the        
formula the difference between the applicable Account Net Investment Rate       
(ANIR) for each business day and the policy's assumed annual rate of 41/2% is   
translated, on an actuarial basis, into a change in the Variable Sum Insured.   

  The Variable Sum Insured would increase on the next Monthly Date only if
the applicable ANIR for the last policy month were sufficiently greater than a  
monthly rate equivalent to an annual rate of 41/2% to result in such an         
increase. If the ANIR was equivalent to an annual rate of less than 41/2%, the  
Variable Sum Insured would be reduced. The percentage change in the Variable    
Sum Insured is not the same as the Account Net Investment Rate, however.        

17

P-->49718th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 18th
Limitations on payment of death benefit                                         

If the insured person commits suicide within certain time periods, the
amount of death benefit we pay will be limited as described in the policy.      
Also, if an application misstated the age or gender of the insured person, we   
will adjust the amount of any death benefit as described in the policy.         

The account value                                                               

   From each premium payment you make, we deduct the charges described under
"Deductions from premium payments" below. We invest the rest (your so-called    
"net premium") in the investment options you've elected. We invest an amount    
equal to each net premium for your policy on the date of issue and on each      
premium due date thereafter, even if we actually receive your corresponding     
premium payment before or after that date.                                      

 Over time, the amount you've invested in any variable investment option
will increase or decrease the same as if you had invested the same amount       
directly in the corresponding fund of the Series Fund and had reinvested all    
fund dividends and distributions in additional fund shares; except that we will 
deduct certain additional charges which will reduce your cash value. We         
describe these charges under "Description of Charges at the Policy Level."

Annual dividends                                                                

   These policies are participating policies which, except while in force as
Fixed Extended Term Insurance, are entitled to the share, if any, of the        
divisible surplus which we annually determine and apportion to them. Any share  
will be distributed as a dividend payable annually on the policy anniversary    
beginning not later than the end of the second policy year for the Variable     
Whole Life 100 Policy and not later than the end of the third policy year for   
the Variable Whole Life Policy and Variable Whole Life P50 Policy.              

Dividends under participating policies may be described as refunds of 
premiums which adjust the cost of a policy to the actual level of cost emerging 
over time after the policy's issue. Thus, participating policies generally have 
gross premiums which are higher than those for comparable non-participating     
policies. If a policy is surrendered before dividends become payable, you do    
not benefit from having a participating policy.                                 

    Both federal and state law recognize that dividends are considered to be a
refund of a portion of the premium paid and therefore are not treated as income 
for federal or state income tax purposes.                                       

   Dividend illustrations published at the time of issue of a policy reflect
the actual recent experience of the issuing insurance company with respect to   
factors such as interest, mortality, and expenses. State law generally          
prohibits a company from projecting or estimating future results. State law     
also requires that dividends must be based on surplus, after setting aside      
certain necessary amounts, and that such surplus must be apportioned equitably  
among participating policies. In other words, in principle and by statute,      
dividends must be based on actual experience and cannot be guaranteed at issue  
of a policy.                                                                    

    Each year our actuaries analyze the current and recent past experience and
compare it to the assumptions used in determining the premium rates at the time 
of issue. Some of the more important data studied includes mortality and        
withdrawal rates, investment yield in the general account, and actual expenses  
incurred in administering the policies. Such data is then allocated to each     
dividend class, e.g., by year of issue, age, smoking habits and plan. The       
actuaries then determine what dividends can be equitably apportioned to each    
Policy class and make a recommendation to our Board of Directors. The Board of  
Directors, which has the ultimate authority to ascertain dividends, will vote   
the amount of surplus to be apportioned to each policy class, thereby           
authorizing the distribution of each year's dividend.                           

 You may in general elect to have any dividend paid or applied under any
one of the following options: paid in cash; applied to premium payments; left   
to accumulate with interest of at least 31/2% a year; purchase fixed paid-up    
insurance; purchase one year term insurance; or purchase variable paid-up       
insurance.                                                                      

Commencement of investment performance                                          

Any premium payment processed prior to the twentieth day after the    
policy's date of issue will automatically be allocated to the Money Market B    
investment option. On the later of the date such payment is received or the     
twentieth day following the date of issue, the portion of the Money Market B    
investment option attributable to such payment will be reallocated              
automatically among the investment options you have chosen.                     

18

P-->49719th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 19th
   All other premium payments will be allocated among the investment options
you have chosen as soon as they are processed.                                  

Allocation of future premium payments                                           

    At any time, you may change the investment options in which future premium
payments will be invested. You make the original allocation in the application  
for the policy. The percentages you select must be in whole numbers of not less 
than 10% for any option and must total 100%.                                    

Transfers of existing cash value                                                

   You may also transfer your existing cash value from one investment option
to another. To do so, you must tell us how much to transfer, either as a whole  
number percentage or as a specific dollar amount. You may not make more than    
six transfers in each policy year. A confirmation of each transfer will be sent 
to you.                                                                         

    The policies are not designed for professional market timing organizations
or other persons or entities that use programmed or frequent transfers among    
investment options. As a consequence, we have reserved the right to impose      
limits on the number and frequency of transfers into and out of variable        
investment options. Under our current rules, we impose the following            
restrictions on transfers into and out of variable investment options.          
Transfers out of a fixed investment option are subject to additional            
limitations noted below.                                                        

   Subject to the annual restriction noted above, our current practice is to
restrict transfers into or out of variable investment options to two per        
calendar month (except with respect to those policies described in the          
following paragraph). For purposes of this restriction, and in applying the     
limitation on the number of free transfers made during the period from the      
opening of a business day (usually 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time) to the close of that 
business day (usually 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time) are considered one transfer. You  
may, however, transfer to the Money Market B investment option even if the two  
transfer per month limit has been reached, but only if 100% of the account      
value in all variable investment options is transferred to the Money Market B   
investment option. If such a transfer to the Money Market B investment option   
is made then, for the 30 calendar day period after such transfers, no transfers 
from the Money Market B investment option to any other investment options       
(variable or fixed) may be made. If your policy offers a dollar cost averaging  
or automatic asset allocation rebalancing program, any transfers pursuant to    
such program are not considered transfers subject to these restrictions on      
frequent trading. The restrictions described in this paragraph will be applied  
uniformly to all policy owners subject to the restrictions.                     

  Policies such as yours may be purchased by a corporation or other entity
as a means to informally finance the liabilities created by an employee benefit 
plan, and to this end the entity may aggregately manage the policies purchased  
to match its liabilities under the plan. Policies sold under these              
circumstances are subject to special transfer restrictions. In lieu of the two  
transfers per month restriction (but still subject to the annual restriction    
noted above), we will allow the policy owner under these circumstances to       
rebalance the investment options in its policies within the following limits:   
(i) during the 10 calendar day period after any account values are transferred  
from one variable investment option into a second variable investment option,   
the values can only be transferred out of the second investment option if they  
are transferred into the Money Market B investment option; and (ii) any account 
values that would otherwise not be transferable by application of the 10 day    
limit described above and that are transferred into the Money Market B          
investment option may not be transferred out of the Money Market B investment   
option into any other investment options (variable or fixed) for 30 calendar    
days. The restrictions described in this paragraph will be applied uniformly to 
all policy owners subject to the restrictions.                                  

If we change any of the above rules relating to transfers, we will notify you   
of the change.                                                                  

Limitation on number of investment options                                      

Whether through the allocation of premium or through the transfer of  
existing cash value, you can never be invested in more than five investment     
options at any one time.                                                        

Surrender                                                                       

You may surrender your policy in full at any time for its "surrender  
value." You must return your policy when you request a full surrender. The      
surrender value will be the policy cash value plus any dividends and interest   
unpaid or unapplied, and the cash value of any insurance purchased under any    
dividend option with an adjustment to reflect the difference between the gross  
premium and the net premium for the period beyond the date of surrender, less   
any indebtedness.                                                               

19

P-->49720th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 20th
Policy loans                                                                    

 You may borrow from your policy at any time after it has been in effect
for 1 year by completing a form satisfactory to us or, if the telephone         
transaction authorization form has been completed, by telephone. The maximum    
amount you can borrow is what we call your "Loan Value." The Loan Value will be 
90% of the total of the policy cash value (assuming no dividends) and any cash  
value under the variable paid-up insurance dividend option, plus any cash value 
under the fixed paid up insurance dividend option. Interest accrues and is      
compounded daily at an effective annual rate equal to the then applicable       
Variable Loan Interest Rate. However, if you elect the Fixed Loan Interest      
Rate, interest accrues and is compounded daily at an effective annual rate of   
8%.                                                                             

The amount of any outstanding loan plus accrued interest is called the
"indebtedness." Except when used to pay premiums, a loan will not be permitted  
unless it is at least $100. You may repay all or a portion of any indebtedness  
while the insured person is living and premiums are being duly paid. Any loan   
is charged against the variable investment options in proportion to the policy  
cash value allocated to the variable investment options and, upon repayment,    
the repayment is allocated to the variable investment options in proportion to  
the outstanding indebtedness in each variable investment option at such time.   

We determine the Variable Loan Interest Rate annually. The Fixed Loan 
Interest Rate is 8% for the life of the policy. At the time of issue, you can   
elect which loan interest rate will apply to any policy loan. If permitted by   
the law of the state in which the policy is issued, you may change a prior      
choice of loan interest rate. If at the time of such request there is           
outstanding indebtedness, the change will generally become effective on the     
next policy anniversary.                                                        

The Variable Loan Interest Rate determined annually for a policy will 
apply to all indebtedness outstanding during the policy year following the date 
of determination. The rate will not exceed the higher of 51/2% or the Published 
Monthly Average (as defined below) for the calendar month which is two months   
prior to the month in which the date of determination occurs. The Published     
Monthly Average means Moody`s Corporate Bond Yield Average as published by      
Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereto.                       

    The amount of the loan deducted from the investment options is placed in a
special loan account. This special loan account will earn interest at an        
effective annual rate that is not more than 2% below the interest rate we are   
then charging on the loan (assuming no taxes).                                  

Repayment of policy loans                                                       

If you want a payment to be used as a loan repayment, you must include
instructions to that effect. Otherwise, all payments will be assumed to be      
premium payments. We process loan repayments as of the day we receive the       
repayment.                                                                      

Effects of policy loans                                                         

 The cash value, the net cash surrender value, and the death benefit are
permanently affected by any loan, whether or not it is repaid in whole or in    
part. This is because the amount of the loan is deducted from the investment    
options and placed in a special loan account. The investment options and the    
special loan account will generally have different rates of investment return.  

  The amount of any outstanding indebtedness is subtracted from the amount
otherwise payable when the policy proceeds become payable.                      

   Whenever the outstanding indebtedness equals or exceeds the policy's cash
value (plus any cash values under a dividend option providing paid-up           
insurance), the policy will terminate 31 days after we have mailed notice of    
termination to you (and to any assignee of record at such assignee's last known 
address) specifying the minimum amount that must be paid to avoid termination,  
unless a repayment of at least the amount specified is made within that period. 
Also, taking out a loan on the policy increases the risk that the policy may    
lapse because of the difference between the interest rate charged on the loan   
and the interest rate credited to the special loan account. Policy loans may    
also result in adverse tax consequences under certain circumstances (see "Tax
considerations").                                                               

20

P-->49721st Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 21st
Description of charges at the policy level

Deductions from premium payments                                                

o Premium tax charge - A charge to cover expected state premium taxes we  
must pay, on average. This charge is 2.5% of each premium.              

o Adjustment for premium payment frequency - If you select a premium      
 payment mode other than annual (so that we receive your premiums over the
 course of the year, rather than all at the beginning), there will be less
value in your policy to support it during the course of the year. To    
 compensate for the risk to us that this creates, the rate we set for each
non- annual premium includes an additional amount that we retain, rather
than crediting it to your policy.                                       

 o Annual administrative charge - A charge of $50 in each policy year to
help defray our annual administrative expenses.                         

o Charge for extra insurance risk - The amount of premiums we may require 
may include an additional component if the insured person presents      
particular mortality risks. We retain these additional amounts to       
compensate us for that risk.                                            

 o Optional benefits charge - The amount of premiums we require is increased
  by an additional component to cover any optional rider benefits you choose
for your policy. We retain such additional amounts to compensate us for 
the obligations we assume under the rider(s).                           

o Premium sales charge - A charge not to exceed 9% of the basic annual    
premium during the period equal to the lesser of 20 years or the        
anticipated life expectancy of the insured person, based on the 1980    
  Commissioners Standard Ordinary Mortality Table. (The basic annual premium
is the annual premium less the premiums for any optional rider benefits,
additional charges for extra mortality risks and the $50 annual         
  administrative charge). The charge during the first two policy years shall
not exceed 30% of the basic annual premium paid during the first policy 
  year plus 10% of the basic annual premium paid for the second policy year.
Charges of 10% or less are made for later policy year.                  

o Additional first year administrative charge - A charge in the first     
policy year at the rate of $13 per $1,000 of the Initial Sum Insured (as
  shown in the policy) for a Variable Whole Life Policy, $7 per $1,000 for a
  Variable Whole Life P50 Policy and $4 per $1,000 for a Variable Whole Life
  100 policy or a pro rata portion thereof, to cover administrative expenses
in connection with the issuance of the policy.                          

o Risk charge - A charge necessary to cover the risk we assumed that the  
Variable Sum Insured will be less than the guaranteed minimum death     
benefit. This charge will vary by age of the insured person but averages
approximately 3% of the basic annual premium.                           

o Deduction for dividends - A deduction for dividends to be paid or       
  credited in accordance with the dividend scale in effect on the issue date
of the policy. This deduction will vary by age of the insured person and
duration of the policy but is expected to average approximately 5-9% of 
the basic annual premium.                                               

Deductions from account assets                                                  

o Insurance charge - A monthly charge for the cost of insurance. To       
  determine the charge, we multiply the amount of insurance for which we are
  at risk by a cost of insurance rate. The rate is derived from an actuarial
table. The table in your policy will show the maximum cost of insurance 
 rates. The cost of insurance rates will never be more than those based on
the 1980 Commissioners Standard Ordinary Mortality Tables. Cost of      
 insurance rates generally increase each year that you own your policy, as
the insured person`s attained age increases. (The insured person's      
 "attained age" on any date is his or her age on the birthday nearest that
date).                                                                  

o M & E charge - A daily charge for mortality and expense risks we assume.
 This charge is deducted from the variable investment options. The current
charge is at an effective annual rate of .50% of the value of the assets
in each variable investment option. We guarantee that this charge will  
never exceed an effective annual rate of .50%.                          

Additional information about how certain policy charges work

Sales expenses and related charges                                              

 The premium sales charges help to compensate us for the cost of selling
our policies. (See "Description of Charges at the Policy Level".) The amount of 
the charges in any policy year does not specifically correspond to sales        
expenses for that year. We expect to recover our total sales expenses over the  
life of the policy. To the extent that the sales charges do not cover total     
sales expenses, the sales expenses may be recovered from other sources,         
including gains from the charge for mortality and expense risks and other gains 
with respect to the policies, or from our general assets. Similarly,            
administrative expenses not                                                     

21

P-->49722nd Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 22nd
fully covered by the annual administrative charge and the additional first year 
administrative charge may also be recovered from such other sources.            

Method of deduction                                                             

   We deduct the monthly charges described in the section from your policy's
investment options in proportion to the amount of cash value you have in each.  

Other charges we could impose in the future                                     

  We currently make no charge for our federal income taxes. However, if we
incur, or expect to incur, additional income taxes attributable to any          
subaccount of the Account or this class of policies in future years, we reserve 
the right to make a charge for such taxes. Any such charge would reduce what    
you earn on any affected investment options. However, we expect that no such    
charge will be necessary.                                                       

Under current laws, we may incur state and local taxes (in addition to
premium taxes) in several states. At present, these taxes are not significant.  
If there is a material change in applicable state or local tax laws, we may     
make charges for such taxes.                                                    

Description of charges at the fund level                                        

The funds must pay investment management fees and other operating     
expenses. These fees and expenses (shown in the Fee Tables section) are         
different for each fund and reduce the investment return of each fund.          
Therefore, they also indirectly reduce the return you will earn on any variable 
investment options you select. Expenses of the funds are not fixed or specified 
under the terms of the policy, and those expenses may vary from year to year.   

Other policy benefits, rights and limitations

Optional benefit riders you can add                                             

  When you apply for a policy, you can request any of the optional benefit
riders that we then make available. Availability of any rider, the benefits it  
provides and the charges for it may vary by state. Our rules and procedures     
will govern eligibility for any rider and, in some cases, the configuration of  
the actual rider benefits. Each rider contains specific details that you should 
review before you decide to choose the rider. We may change rider premiums (or  
the rates that determine them), but not above any applicable maximum amount     
stated in the Policy Specifications page of your policy. We may add to, delete  
from or modify the following list of optional benefit riders:                   

 o Disability Benefit - Waiver of Premium Rider - This rider waives premiums
for the policy during the total disability (as defined in the rider) of 
the insured person. If total disability begins prior to age 60, premiums
 will be waived for the duration of the policy so long as total disability
  continues. If total disability begins on or after age 60, premiums will be
  waived only up to the earlier of (i) age 65 or (ii) the cessation of total
disability.                                                             

o Fixed Accidental Death Benefit Rider - This rider provides for an       
additional insurance benefit if the insured person`s death is due to    
accidental causes between the policy anniversaries nearest the insured  
person's 5th and 70th birthdays.                                        

o Children's Insurance Benefit Rider - This rider covers children of the  
insured person at the time of application and children born or adopted  
after the rider is purchased. For coverage to begin on any child, he or 
she must be more than 14 days old and less than 15 years old. Coverage  
will continue until the earliest of (i) termination of the rider upon   
request, (ii) lapse of the policy, (iii) the insured person`s 65th      
birthday, (iv) election to convert to permanent coverage on the child's 
  18th birthday, or (v) the child`s 22nd birthday. Since we don't know which
children are covered at any point in time, it is up to you to terminate 
the rider if it no longer suits your needs.                             

o Applicant's Waiver of Premium Benefit Rider - This rider waives premiums
for the policy during the total disability (as defined in the rider) of 
 the applicant for the policy. If total disability begins prior to age 60,
premiums will be waived for the duration of the policy so long as total 
disability continues. If total disability begins on or after age 60,    
premiums will be waived only up to the earlier of (i) age 65 or (ii) the
cessation of total disability.                                          

o Indeterminate Premium YRT Rider on Insured and/or Spouse - This rider   
  provides a level or decreasing amount of term insurance on the life of the
 insured person and/or the insured person's spouse. The benefit is payable
if the person                                                           

22

P-->49723rd Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 23rd
 insured under the rider dies during the term period. In applying for this
 rider, you must choose the term period and whether the coverage amount is
level or decreasing.                                                    

o Initial Term Insurance Rider - This rider provides immediate coverage on
the life of the insured person for term periods of one to eleven months 
prior to the policy's date of issue. The rider is for those who want to 
  select a date of issue that is one to eleven months subsequent to the date
of application.                                                         

Changes that we can make as to your policy                                      

    We reserve the right to make any changes in the policy necessary to ensure
the policy is within the definition of life insurance under the federal tax     
laws and is in compliance with any changes in federal or state tax laws.        

In our policies, we reserve the right to make certain changes if they 
would serve the best interests of policy owners or would be appropriate in      
carrying out the purposes of the policies. Such changes include the following:  

   o Changes necessary to comply with or obtain or continue exemptions under
the federal securities laws                                                     

o Combining or removing investment options                            

o Changes in the form of organization of any separate account         

  Any such changes will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable
laws and only in the manner permitted by such laws. When required by law, we    
will obtain your approval of the changes and the approval of any appropriate    
regulatory authority.                                                           

The owner of the policy                                                         

  Who owns the policy? That's up to the person who applies for the policy.
The owner of the policy is the person who can exercise most of the rights under 
the policy, such as the right to choose the investment options or the right to  
surrender the policy. In many cases, the person buying the policy is also the   
person who will be the owner. However, the application for a policy can name    
another person or entity (such as a trust) as owner. Wherever the term "you"    
appears in this prospectus, we've assumed that the reader is the person who has 
the right or privilege being discussed. There may be tax consequences if the    
owner and the insured person are different, so you should discuss this issue    
with your tax adviser. While the insured person is alive, you will have a       
number of options under the policy. Here are some major ones:                   

    o Determine when and how much you invest in the various investment options

o Borrow amounts you have in the investment options                   

o Change the beneficiary who will receive the death benefit           

o Turn in (i.e., "surrender") the policy for the full amount of its   
surrender value                                                           

o Reduce the amount of insurance by surrendering part of the policy   

o Choose the form in which we will pay out the death benefit or other 
proceeds                                                                        

It is possible to name so-called "joint owners" of the policy. If more
than one person owns a policy, all owners must join in most requests to         
exercise rights under the policy.                                               

Policy cancellation right                                                       

You have the right to cancel your policy within the latest of the     
following periods:                                                              

    o 10 days after you receive it (this period may be longer in some states);

    o 10 days after mailing by John Hancock of the Notice of Withdrawal Right;
or                                                                        

o 45 days after the date Part A of the application has been completed.

This is often referred to as the "free look" period. To cancel your   
policy, simply deliver or mail the policy to us at one of the addresses shown   
on the back cover, or to the John Hancock representative who delivered the      
policy to you.                                                                  

    In most states, you will receive a refund of any premiums you've paid. The
date of cancellation will be the date of such mailing or delivery.              

23

P-->49724th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 24th
Reports that you will receive                                                   

At least annually, we will send you a statement setting forth the     
following information as of the end of the most recent reporting period: the    
amount of the death benefit and cash value, and any outstanding policy loan     
(and interest charged for the preceding policy year). Moreover, you also will   
receive confirmations of transfers among investment options, policy loans and   
certain other policy transactions.                                              

    Semiannually we will send you a report containing the financial statements
of the Series Fund, including a list of securities held in each fund.           

Assigning your policy                                                           

    You may assign your rights in the policy to someone else as collateral for
a loan or for some other reason. Assignments do not require the consent of any  
revocable beneficiary. A copy of the assignment must be forwarded to us. We are 
not responsible for any payment we make or any action we take before we receive 
notice of the assignment in good order. Nor are we responsible for the validity 
of the assignment. An absolute assignment is a change of ownership. All         
collateral assignees of record must consent to any full surrender, partial      
withdrawal or loan from the policy.                                             

When we pay policy proceeds

General                                                                         

   We will pay any death benefit, withdrawal, surrender value or loan within
7 days after we receive the last required form or request (and, with respect to 
the death benefit, any other documentation that may be required). If we don't   
have information about the desired manner of payment within 7 days after the    
date we receive documentation of the insured person's death, we will pay the    
proceeds as a single sum.                                                       

Delay to challenge coverage                                                     

We may challenge the validity of your insurance policy based on any   
material misstatements made to us in the application for the policy. We cannot  
make such a challenge, however, beyond certain time limits that are specified   
in the policy.                                                                  

Delay for check clearance                                                       

We reserve the right to defer payment of that portion of your account 
value that is attributable to a premium payment made by check for a reasonable  
period of time (not to exceed 15 days) to allow the check to clear the banking  
system.                                                                         

Delay of separate account proceeds                                              

   We reserve the right to defer payment of any death benefit, loan or other
distribution that is derived from a variable investment option if (1) the New   
York Stock Exchange is closed (other than customary weekend and holiday         
closings) or trading on the New York Stock Exchange is restricted; (2) an       
emergency exists, as a result of which disposal of securities is not reasonably 
practicable or it is not reasonably practicable to fairly determine the account 
value; or (3) the SEC by order permits the delay for the protection of owners.  
Transfers and allocations of account value among the investment options may     
also be postponed under these circumstances. If we need to defer calculation of 
separate account values for any of the foregoing reasons, all delayed           
transactions will be processed at the next values that we do compute.           

Delay of general account surrender proceeds                                     

    State laws allow us to defer payment of any portion of the surrender value
derived from the fixed investment option for up to 6 months. These laws were    
enacted many years ago to help insurance companies in the event of a liquidity  
crisis.                                                                         

How you communicate with us

General rules                                                                   

You should mail or express all checks and money orders for premium    
payments and loan repayments to the John Hancock Servicing Office at the        
appropriate address shown on the back cover.                                    

24

P-->49725th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 25th
  Under our current rules, certain requests must be made in writing and be
signed and dated by you. They include the following:                            

o loans                                                               

o surrenders                                                          

o change of beneficiary                                               

o election of payment option for policy proceeds                      

o tax withholding elections                                           

o election of telephone transaction privilege                         

   The following requests may be made either in writing (signed and dated by
you) or by telephone or fax if a special form is completed (see "Telephone and
Facsimile Transactions" below):                                                 

o transfers of account value among investment options                 

  o change of allocation among investment options for new premium payments

    You should mail or express all written requests to our Servicing Office at
the appropriate address shown on the back cover. You should also send notice of 
the insured person`s death and related documentation to our Servicing Office.   
We don't consider that we've "received" any communication until such time as it 
has arrived at the proper place and in the proper and complete form.            

We have special forms that should be used for a number of the requests
mentioned above. You can obtain these forms from our Servicing Office or your   
John Hancock representative. Each communication to us must include your name,   
your policy number and the name of the insured person. We cannot process any    
request that doesn't include this required information. Any communication that  
arrives after the close of our business day, or on a day that is not a business 
day, will be considered "received" by us on the next following business day.    
Our business day currently closes at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, but       
special circumstances (such as suspension of trading on a major exchange) may   
dictate an earlier closing time.                                                

Telephone and facsimile transactions                                            

If you complete a special authorization form, you can request loans,  
transfers among investment options and changes of allocation among investment   
options simply by telephoning us at 1-800-732-5543 or by faxing us at           
617-572-1571. Any fax request should include your name, daytime telephone       
number, policy number and, in the case of transfers and changes of allocation,  
the names of the investment options involved. We will honor telephone           
instructions from anyone who provides the correct identifying information, so   
there is a risk of loss to you if this service is used by an unauthorized       
person. However, you will receive written confirmation of all telephone         
transactions. There is also a risk that you will be unable to place your        
request due to equipment malfunction or heavy phone line usage. If this occurs, 
you should submit your request in writing.                                      

   If you authorize telephone transactions, you will be liable for any loss,
expense or cost arising out of any unauthorized or fraudulent telephone         
instructions which we reasonably believe to be genuine, unless such loss,       
expense or cost is the result of our mistake or negligence. We employ           
procedures which provide safeguards against the execution of unauthorized       
transactions, and which are reasonably designed to confirm that instructions    
received by telephone are genuine. These procedures include requiring personal  
identification, tape recording calls, and providing written confirmation to the 
owner. If we do not employ reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions   
communicated by telephone are genuine, we may be liable for any loss due to     
unauthorized or fraudulent instructions.                                        

 As stated earlier in this prospectus, the policies are not designed for
professional market timing organizations or other persons or entities that use  
programmed or frequent transfers amoung investment options. For reasons such as 
that, we have imposed restrictions on transfers. However, we also reserve the   
right to change our telephone and facsimile transaction policies or procedures  
at any time. Moreover, we also reserve the right to suspend or terminate the    
privilege altogether with respect to any owners who we feel are abusing the     
privilege to the detriment of other owners.                                     

Distribution of policies                                                        

John Hancock Distributors LLC ("JH Distributors"), a Delaware limited 
liability company affiliated with us, is the principal distributor and          
underwriter of the securities offered through this prospectus and of other      
annuity and life insurance                                                      

25

P-->49726th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 26th
products we and our affiliates offer. JH Distributors also acts as the          
principal underwriter of the John Hancock Trust, whose securities are used to   
fund certain investment options under the policies and under other annuity and  
life insurance products we offer.                                               

JH Distributors' principal address is 200 Bloor Street East, Toronto, 
Canada M4W 1E5 and it also maintains offices with us at 197 Clarendon Street,   
Boston, Massachusetts 02116. JH Distributors is a broker-dealer registered      
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "1934 Act") and is a member of   
the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (the "NASD").              

We offer the policies for sale through individuals who are licensed as
insurance agents and who are registered representatives of broker-dealers that  
have entered into selling agreements with JH Distributors. These broker-dealers 
may include our affiliate Signator Investors, Inc.                              

   Through JH Distributors, John Hancock pays compensation to broker-dealers
for the promotion and sale of the policies. The registered representative       
through whom your policy is sold will be compensated pursuant to the registered 
representative's own arrangement with his or her broker-dealer. Compensation to 
broker-dealers for the promotion and sale of the policies is not paid directly  
by policyowners but will be recouped through the fees and charges imposed under 
the policy. (See "Description of charges at the policy level".)                 

A limited number of broker-dealers may also be paid commissions or    
overrides to "wholesale" the policies; that is, to provide marketing support    
and training services to the broker-dealer firms that do the actual selling. We 
may also provide compensation to a limited number of broker-dealers for         
providing ongoing service in relation to policies that have already been        
purchased.                                                                      

Standard compensation                                                           

  The compensation paid to sales representatives may vary depending on the
selling agreements, but commissions for sale of the policies (not including     
riders) are not expected to exceed 55% of the premium paid in the first policy  
year, 15% of the premium paid in the second policy year, 10% of the premium     
paid in the third through sixth policy years, 5% of the premium paid in the     
sixth through tenth policy years, and 3% of the premium paid in each policy     
year thereafter. The amount and timing of this compensation may differ among    
sales representatives, but would not be expected to materially exceed the       
foregoing schedule on a present value basis.                                    

Additional compensation and revenue sharing                                     

 To the extent permitted by SEC and NASD rules and other applicable laws
and regulations, selling broker-dealers may receive, directly or indirectly,    
additional payments in the form of cash, other compensation or reimbursement.   
These additional compensation or reimbursement arrangements may include, for    
example, payments in connection with the firm's "due diligence" examination of  
the policies, payments for providing conferences or seminars, sales or training 
programs for invited registered representatives and other employees, payment    
for travel expenses, including lodging, incurred by registered representatives  
and other employees for such seminars or training programs, seminars for the    
public, advertising and sales campaigns regarding the policies, payments to     
assist a firm in connection with its systems, operations and marketing expenses 
and/or other events or activities sponsored by the firms. Subject to applicable 
NASD rules and other applicable laws and regulations, JH Distributors and is    
affiliates may contribute to, as well as sponsor, various educational programs, 
sales contests, and/or other promotions in which participating firms and their  
sales persons may receive prizes such as merchandise, cash or other rewards.    

    These arrangements will not be offered to all firms, and the terms of such
arrangements may differ between firms. We provide additional information on     
special compensation or reimbursement arrangements involving selling firms and  
other financial institutions in the Statement of Additional Information, which  
is available upon request. Any such compensation, which may be significant at   
times, will not result in any additional direct charge to you by us.            

Differential compensation                                                       

Compensation negotiated and paid by John Hancock pursuant to a selling
agreement with a broker-dealer may differ from compensation levels that the     
broker-dealer receives for selling other variable policies or contracts. These  
compensation arrangements may give us benefits such as greater access to        
registered representatives. In addition, under their own arrangements,          
broker-dealer firms may pay a portion of any amounts received under standard or 
additional compensation or revenue sharing arrangements to their registered     
representatives. As a result, registered representatives may be motivated to    

26

P-->49727th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 27th
sell the policies of one issuer over another issuer, or one product over        
another product. You should contact your registered representative for more     
information on compensation arrangements in connection with your purchase of a  
policy.                                                                         

Tax considerations                                                              

This description of federal income tax consequences is only a brief   
summary and is not intended as tax advice. Tax consequences will vary based on  
your own particular circumstances, and for further information you should       
consult a qualified tax adviser. Federal, state and local tax laws, regulations 
and interpretations can change from time to time. As a result, the tax          
consequences to you and the beneficiary may be altered, in some cases           
retroactively.                                                                  

 The policy may be used in various arrangements, including non-qualified
deferred compensation or salary continuation plans, split dollar insurance      
plans, executive bonus plans, retiree medical benefit plans and others. The tax 
consequences of such plans may vary depending on the particular facts and       
circumstances of each individual arrangement. Therefore, if the use of the      
policy in any such arrangment, the value of which depends in part on the tax    
consequences, is contemplated, a qualified tax adviser should be consulted for  
advise on the tax attributes of the particular arrangement.                     

General                                                                         

Generally, death benefits paid under policies such as yours are not   
subject to income tax. Earnings on your account value are ordinarily not        
subject to income tax as long as we don't pay them out to you. If we do pay out 
any amount of your account value upon surrender or partial withdrawal, all or   
part of that distribution would generally be treated as a return of the         
premiums you've paid and not subjected to income tax. However certain           
distributions associated with a reduction in death benefit or other policy      
benefits within the first 15 years after issuance of the policy are ordinarily  
taxable in whole or in part. (See "Other policy distributions" below.) Amounts  
you borrow are generally not taxable to you. (See "Policy loans" below.)        

However, some of the tax rules change if your policy is found to be a 
modified endowment contract. This can happen if you've paid premiums in excess  
of limits prescribed by the tax laws. Additional taxes and penalties may be     
payable for policy distributions of any kind. (See "7-pay premium limit and
modified endowment contract status" below.)                                     

Policy death benefit proceeds                                                   

We expect the policy to receive the same federal income and estate tax
treatment as fixed benefit life insurance policies. Section 7702 of the         
Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") defines a life insurance contract for        
federal tax purposes. For a policy to be treated as a life insurance contract,  
it must satisfy either the cash value accumulation test or the guideline        
premium test. These tests limit the amount of premium that you may pay into the 
policy. We will monitor compliance with these standards. If we determine that a 
policy does not satisfy section 7702, we may take whatever steps are            
appropriate and reasonable to bring it into compliance with Section 7702.       

    If the policy complies with Section 7702, the death benefit proceeds under
the policy should be excludable from the beneficiary's gross income under       
Section 101 of the Code.                                                        

Other policy distributions                                                      

    Increases in policy value as a result of interest or investment experience
will not be subject to federal income tax unless and until values are received  
through actual or deemed distributions. In general, the owner will be taxed on  
the amount of distributions that exceed the premiums paid under the policy. An  
exception to this general rule occurs in the case of a decrease in the policy's 
death benefit or any other change that reduces benefits under the policy in the 
first 15 years after the policy is issued and that results in a cash            
distribution to the policy owner in order for the policy to continue to comply  
with the Section 7702 definitional limits. Changes that reduce benefits include 
partial withdrawals and death benefit option changes. For purposes of this rule 
any distribution within the two years immediately before a reduction in         
benefits will also be treated as if it caused the reduction. A cash             
distribution that reduces policy benefits will be taxed in whole or in part (to 
the extent of any gain in the policy) under rules prescribed in Section 7702.   
The taxable amount is subject to limits prescribed in section 7702(f)(7). Any   
taxable distribution will be ordinary income to the owner (rather than capital  
gain).                                                                          

   Distributions for tax purposes include amounts received upon surrender or
partial withdrawals. You may also be deemed to have received a distribution for 
tax purposes if you assign all or part of your policy rights or change your     
policy's ownership.                                                             

27

P-->49728th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 28th
It is possible that, despite our monitoring, a policy might fail to   
qualify as a life insurance contract under section 7702 of the Code. This could 
happen, for example, if we inadvertently failed to return to you any premium    
payments that were in excess of permitted amounts, or if any of the funds       
failed to meet certain investment diversification or other requirements of the  
Code. If this were to occur, you would be subject to income tax on the income   
credited to the policy from the date of issue to the date of the                
disqualification and for subsequent periods.                                    

    Tax consequences of ownership or receipt of policy proceeds under federal,
state and local estate, inheritance, gift and other tax laws will depend on the 
circumstances of each owner or beneficiary. If the person insured by the policy 
is also its owner, either directly or indirectly through an entity such as a    
revocabale trust, the death benefit will be includible in his or her estate for 
purposes of the federal estate tax. If the owner is not the person insured, the 
value of the policy will be includible in the owner's estate upon his or her    
death. Even if ownership has been transferred, the death proceeds or the        
account value may be includible in the former owner's estate if the transfer    
occurred less than three years before the former owner's death or if the former 
owner retained certain kinds of control over the policy. You should consult     
your tax adviser regarding these possible tax consequences.                     

  Because there may be unfavorable tax consequences (including recognition
of taxable income and the loss of income tax-free treatment for any death       
benefit payable to the beneficiary), you should consult a qualified tax adviser 
prior to changing the policy's ownership or making any assignment of ownership  
interests.                                                                      

Policy loans                                                                    

We expect that, except as noted below (see "7-pay premium limit and
modified endowment contract status"), loans received under the policy will be   
treated as indebtedness of an owner and that no part of any loan will           
constitute income to the owner. However, if the policy terminates for any       
reason, the amount of any outstanding loan that was not previously considered   
income will be treated as if it had been distributed to the owner upon such     
termination. This could result in a considerable tax bill. Under certain        
circumstances involving large amounts of outstanding loans, you might find      
yourself having to choose between high premiums requirements to keep your       
policy from lapsing and a significant tax burden if you allow the lapse to      
occur.                                                                          

Diversification rules and ownership of the Account                              

Your policy will not qualify for the tax benefits of a life insurance 
contract unless the Account follows certain rules requiring diversification of  
investments underlying the policy. In addition, the rules require that the      
policy owner not have "investment control" over the underlying assets.          

 In certain circumstances, the owner of a variable life insurance policy
may be considered the owner, for federal income tax purposes, of the assets of  
the separate account used to support the policy. In those circumstances, income 
and gains from the separate account assets would be includible in the policy    
owner's gross income. The Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") has stated in        
published rulings that a variable policy owner will be considered the owner of  
separate account assets if the policy owner possesses incidents of ownership in 
those assets, such as the ability to exercise investment control over the       
assets. A Treasury Decision issued in 1986 stated that guidance would be issued 
in the form of regulations or rulings on the "extent to which Policyholders may 
direct their investments to particular sub-accounts of a separate account       
without being treated as owners of the underlying assets." As of the date of    
this prospectus, no comprehensive guidance on this point has been issued. In    
Rev. Rul. 2003-91, however, the IRS ruled that a contract holder would not be   
treated as the owner of assets underlying a variable life insurance or annuity  
contract despite the owner's ability to allocate funds among as many as twenty  
subaccounts.                                                                    

 The ownership rights under your policy are similar to, but different in
certain respects from, those described in IRS rulings in which it was           
determined that policyholders were not owners of separate account assets. Since 
you have greater flexibility in allocating premiums and policy values than was  
the case in those rulings, it is possible that you would be treated as the      
owner of your policy's proportionate share of the assets of the Account.        

We do not know what future Treasury Department regulations or other   
guidance may require. We cannot guarantee that the funds will be able to        
operate as currently described in the Series Funds` prospectuses, or that a     
Series Fund will not have to change any fund's investment objectives or         
policies. We have reserved the right to modify your policy if we believe doing  
so will prevent you from being considered the owner of your policy's            
proportionate share of the assets of the Account, but we are under no           
obligation to do so.                                                            

28

P-->49729th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 29th
7-pay premium limit and modified endowment contract status                      

At the time of policy issuance, we will determine whether the Planned 
Premium schedule will exceed the 7-pay limit discussed below. If so, our        
standard procedures prohibit issuance of the policy unless you sign a form      
acknowledging that fact.                                                        

 The 7-pay limit is the total of net level premiums that would have been
payable at any time for a comparable fixed policy to be fully "paid-up" after   
the payment of 7 equal annual premiums. "Paid-up" means that no further         
premiums would be required to continue the coverage in force until maturity,    
based on certain prescribed assumptions. If the total premiums paid at any time 
during the first 7 policy years exceed the 7-pay limit, the policy will be      
treated as a modified endowment contract, which can have adverse tax            
consequences.                                                                   

Policies classified as modified endowment contracts are subject to the
following tax rules:                                                    

 o First, all partial withdrawals from such a policy are treated as ordinary
  income subject to tax up to the amount equal to the excess (if any) of the
policy value immediately before the distribution over the investment in 
the policy at such time.                                                

o Second, loans taken from or secured by such a policy and assignments or 
pledges of any part of its value are treated as partial withdrawals from
 the policy and taxed accordingly. Past-due loan interest that is added to
the loan amount is treated as an additional loan.                       

o Third, a 10% additional income tax is imposed on the portion of any     
distribution (including distributions on surrender) from, or loan taken 
 from or secured by, such a policy that is included in income except where
the distribution or loan:                                               

o is made on or after the date on which the policy owner attains age  
591/2;                                                                          

o is attributable to the policy owner becoming disabled; or           

o is part of a series of substantially equal periodic payments for the  
life (or life expectancy) of the policy owner or the joint lives (or
joint life expectancies) of the policy owner and the policy owner's 
beneficiary.                                                        

These exceptions to the 10% additional tax do not apply in situations 
where the policy is not owned by an individual.                                 

    Furthermore, any time there is a "material change" in a policy, the policy
will begin a new 7-pay testing period as if it were a newly-issued policy. The  
material change rules for determining whether a policy is a modified endowment  
contract are complex. In general, however, the determination of whether a       
policy will be a modified endowment contract after a material change generally  
depends upon the relationship among the death benefit of the policy at the time 
of such change, the policy value at the time of the change, and the additional  
premiums paid into the Policy during the seven years starting with the date on  
which the material change occurs.                                               

  Moreover, if benefits under a policy are reduced (such as a reduction in
the death benefit or the reduction or cancellation of certain rider benefits)   
during the 7 years in which a 7-pay test is being applied, the 7-pay limit will 
generally be recalculated based on the reduced benefits. If the premiums paid   
to date are greater than the recalculated 7-pay limit, the policy will become a 
modified endowment contract.                                                    

All modified endowment contracts issued by the same insurer (or its   
affiliates) to the same owner during any calendar year generally are required   
to be treated as one contract for the purpose of applying the modified          
endowment contract rules. A policy received in exchange for a modified          
endowment contract will itself also be a modified endowment contract. You       
should consult your tax advisor if you have questions regarding the possible    
impact of the 7-pay limit on your policy.                                       

Corporate and H.R. 10 retirement plans                                          

 The policy may be acquired in connection with the funding of retirement
plans satisfying the qualification requirements of Section 401 of the Code. If  
so, the Code provisions relating to such plans and life insurance benefits      
thereunder should be carefully scrutinized. We are not responsible for          
compliance with the terms of any such plan or with the requirements of          
applicable provisions of the Code.                                              

Withholding                                                                     

To the extent that policy distributions to you are taxable, they are  
generally subject to withholding for your federal income tax liability. However 
if you reside in the United States, you can generally choose not to have tax    
withheld from distributions.                                                    

29

P-->49730th Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 30th
Life insurance purchases by residents of Puerto Rico                            

In Rev. Rul. 2004-75, 2004-31 I.R.B. 109, the Internal Revenue Service
ruled that income received by residents of Puerto Rico under life insurance     
policy issued by a United States company is U.S.-source income that is subject  
to United States federal income tax.                                            

Life insurance purchases by non-resident aliens                                 

  If you are not a U.S. citizen or resident, you will generally be subject
to U.S. federal withholding tax on taxable distributions from life insurance    
policies at a 30% rate, unless a lower treaty rate applies. In addition, you    
may be subject to state and/or municipal taxes and taxes imposed by your        
country of citizenship or residence. You should consult with a qualified tax    
adviser before purchasing a policy.                                             

Financial statements reference                                                  

  The financial statements of John Hancock and the Account can be found in
the Statement of Additional Information. The financial statements of John       
Hancock should be distinguished from the financial statements of the Account    
and should be considered only as bearing upon the ability of John Hancock to    
meet its obligations under the policies.                                        

Registration statement filed with the SEC                                       

 This prospectus omits certain information contained in the Registration
Statement which has been filed with the SEC. More details may be obtained from  
the SEC upon payment of the prescribed fee.                                     

Independent registered public accounting firm                                   

The consolidated financial statements of John Hancock Life Insurance  
Company at December 31, 2005 and 2004, and for each of the three years in the   
period ended December 31, 2005, and the financial statements of Separate        
Account UV of John Hancock Life Insurance Company at December 31, 2005, and for 
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2005, appearing in the   
Statement of Additional Information of the Registration Statement have been     
audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as 
set forth in their reports thereon appearing elsewhere herein, and are included 
in reliance upon such reports given on the authority of such firm as experts in 
accounting and auditing.                                                        

30

P-->497Last Page of 31TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 31st
In addition to this prospectus, John Hancock has filed with the SEC a 
Statement of Additional Information (the "SAI") which contains additional       
information about John Hancock and the Account. The SAI and personalized        
illustrations of death benefits, account values and surrender values are        
available, without charge, upon request. You may obtain the personalized        
illustrations from your John Hancock representative. The SAI may be obtained by 
contacting the John Hancock Servicing Office. You should also contact the John  
Hancock Servicing Office to request any other information about your policy or  
to make any inquiries about its operation.                                      

                                                                [Download Table]

         JOHN HANCOCK SERVICING OFFICE           
                                                 
     Express Delivery              Mail Delivery 
     Life Operations               P.O. Box 111  
197 Clarendon Street, C-6        Boston, MA 02117
Boston, MA 02117                            
          Phone:                       Fax:      
      1-800-732-5543               617-572-1571  

Information about the Account (including the SAI) can be reviewed and 
copied at the SEC's Public Reference Branch, 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580,       
Washington, DC, 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference     
Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 202-551-5850. Reports and other      
information about the Account are available on the SEC's Internet website at    
http://www.sec.gov. Copies of such information may be obtained, upon payment of 
a duplicating fee, by writing the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F  
Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549-0102.                                          

1940 Act File No. 811-7766 1933 Act File No. 33-63900                           
R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On PageThis ‘497’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other Filings5/1/0712485BPOS11/1/0611Filed on / Effective on:5/2/064975/1/061485BPOS12/31/0593024F-2NT,  NSAR-U4/29/0511485BPOS12/31/043024F-2NT,  NSAR-U9/28/03145/13/02132/1/0014 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0001193125-06-096503   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 01:25:54.1 GMT 


JHSalesNet - Home










































My Profile


Log Out


Login


Register Now!


Contact Us








































				JH SalesNet
				






Products




Product Portfolio



																Product Overview
																



																Premier Life
																



																		Premier Life
																		





																Universal Single Life
																



																		Protection UL
																		



																		Protection UL with Vitality
																		



																		Protection IUL
																		



																		Protection IUL with Vitality
																		



																		Accumulation IUL
																		



																		Accumulation IUL with Vitality
																		



																		Accumulation UL
																		



																		UL-G
																		





																Survivorship Universal Life
																



																		Protection SUL
																		



																		SUL-G
																		



																		Protection SIUL
																		



																		Protection SIUL with Vitality
																		





																Variable Single Life
																



																		Protection VUL
																		



																		Accumulation VUL
																		



																		John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust
																		



																		Accumulation VUL with Vitality
																		



																		Simplified Life
																		



																		Simplified Life with Vitality
																		



																		Protection VUL with Vitality
																		





																Variable Survivorship Life
																



																		John Hancock Variable Insurance Trust
																		



																		Accumulation SVUL
																		



																		Protection SVUL
																		





																Term
																



																		John Hancock Term
																		



																		John Hancock Term with Vitality
																		



																		SmartProtect Term with Vitality
																		





																Long-Term Care Rider
																



																		LTC Rider
																		



																		LTC Rider Training
																		






Corporate Solutions



																COLI Products
																



																COLI Overview
																



																Marketing Resources
																



																COLI Library
																



																Simplified Life
																



																Simplified Life with Vitality
																




Fund Information



																Fund Overview
																



																JHVIT Fund Performance
																



																Fund Performance By Product
																



																Prospectuses
																



																Quarterly Fund Sheets
																








John Hancock Vitality Program




John Hancock Vitality Program



																Program Overview
																



																Protection UL with Vitality
																



																John Hancock Term with Vitality
																



																Accumulation IUL with Vitality
																



																Protection IUL with Vitality
																



																Accumulation VUL with Vitality
																



																Simplified Life with Vitality
																



																SmartProtect Term with Vitality
																



																Protection SIUL with Vitality
																



																Protection VUL with Vitality
																








Advanced Markets




Advanced Markets 



																Advanced Markets Overview
																



																Advanced Markets Radio
																



																Articles
																



																Central Intelligence
																



																Library
																



																Microsites
																



																Sales Concepts
																



																Topic of the Month
																



																Contact Us
																








Sales Tools & Resources




Sales & Marketing Resources



																John Hancock Journal
																



																Illustration System Downloads
																



																Financial Strength
																



																Investment Resources
																



																Spotlight
																



																Sales Contact Information
																



																Needs Analysis Calculator
																








New Business & Underwriting




New Business


Quick Case Lookup:









																New Business Case Status
																



																New Business Forms
																



																New Business Guidelines
																



																Feedback@jhancock.com
																



																Email / Attachments
																




Field Underwriting Guide



																Underwriting Overview
																



																Best Class Guidelines
																



																Non-Medical Guidelines
																



																Age and Amount Requirements
																



																Medical Impairments
																



																Foreign Travel/Non-U.S. Resident
																




Licensing



																Licensing Guidelines
																



																Appointment Status
																



																Producer T&C Statement
																








Service and Forms




Customer Service


Policy Search:









																Policy Details
																



																Investment Changes
																



																Investment Option Demo
																



																Service Requests
																



																Life Account Access
																



																Customer Service Forms
																



																Email / Attachments
																




Claims



																Death Claim
																



																Accelerated Benefit Claim
																



																Disability Claim
																



																Claims FAQ
																




Forms



																New Business Forms
																



																Customer Service Forms
																





















































I want to...




						
							
								
									Check New Business Case Status
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Search for Policy Details
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Check Fund Performance
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Access Product Portfolio
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Download a Form
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Update Personal Information
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									View JH Financial Highlights
								
								
							
						













JH News




						
							
								
									New Accumulation IUL with Vitality
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									New Protection VUL with Vitality
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Important Compliance News
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Notices and Policies
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									A quick lesson on navigating JH SalesNet
								
								
							
						



















Help me sell John Hancock










New Journal Magazine Available

Today’s consumers have a wide variety of financial planning issues, including everything from taking care of a child with special needs, to managing the health and financial considerations of having diabetes, and ensuring there’s enough money for a long retirement. The latest Journal features life insurance’s capabilities beyond traditional death benefit coverage that can help solve a myriad of planning challenges.
 













All Products Guide

Check out the All Products Guide which provides an overview of John Hancock's complete product protfolio and a thumbnail sketch of each product's key features and benefits.

													(184KB PDF)
													
											















Life Insurance Needs Analysis Calculator

This interactive tool will help determine how much life insurance coverage clients need to secure their financial future.













JH LifeGuide 

Bookmark this handy guide to applying for and administering John Hancock life insurance policies. Also find tips to help ensure accuracy and efficiency through every step of the process.


















Top 5 Downloads




						
							
								
									JH Illustrator 13.3
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Vitality Seller's Guide (PDF)
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Simplified Life with Vitality Mailer  (PDF)
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Business Planning Kit
								
								
							
						





						
							
								
									Underwriting Guidelines
								
								
							
						

















						
							
								
									2018 JH Insurance Summit
								
								
							
						
 







 
Offering instant access to key policy documents for selected products. Learn more.




















 


For term policies, Apple Watch Series 2 is only available with face amounts ≥ $2,000,000. Apple Watch Series 2 can be ordered for an initial payment of $25 plus tax and over the next two years, monthly payments are based on the number of workouts completed. An iPhone 5 or later is required to use Apple Watch Series 2. The Retail Installment Agreement with the Vitality Group will need to be signed electronically at checkout. Apple is not a participant in or sponsor of this promotion. Apple Watch is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Please note: Apple Watch Series 2 program is not available in New York.
Please contact 1-800-827-4546 to obtain product and fund prospectuses (for New York, contact 1-877-391-3748, option 4). The prospectuses contains complete details on investment objectives, risks, fees, charges and expenses as well as other information about the investment company. Please read the prospectuses carefully containing this and other information on the product and the underlying portfolios and consider these factors carefully before investing.
Variable universal life insurance has annual fees and expenses associated with it in addition to life insurance related charges (which differ with the product chosen), including surrender charges and investment management fees. Variable universal life insurance products are long-term contracts and are sold by prospectus. They are subject to market risk due to the underlying sub-accounts, and are unsuitable as a short term savings vehicle. The primary purpose of variable universal life insurance is to provide lifetime protection against economic loss due to the death of the insured person. Cash values are not guaranteed if the client is invested in the investment accounts. There are risks associated with each investment option, and the policy may lose value.
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states.
Vitality is the provider of the John Hancock Vitality Program in connection with your life insurance policy.
Rewards and discounts are subject to change and are not guaranteed to remain the same for the life of the policy.
Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02210 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595 and securities are offered through John Hancock Distributors LLC through other broker/dealers that have a selling agreement with John Hancock Distributors LLC, 197 Clarendon Street, Boston, MA 02117.
MLINY072017077






















Site Map


Email


Help


Careers


Privacy Policy


Legal














