

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













    
	    
	    
	       Data.com Connect Business Contact Directory of Business Contacts and Company Information
	    
    













                        Log in to Connect
                


                        Sign Up
                    



                        Support
                    

















        Welcome to Data.com's Company Directory of Business Contacts!
        
    

    Browse our complete list of business professionals from the list below. To access a specific company directory, click on the company name to access its business contact directory.
    




H10 Capital, LLC - HzW Environmental > 
Handling Specialties - Hankook Tire America Corporation





Handling Specialties


Handling Systems & Conveyors


Handling Systems Inc


Handling Technologies Inc


Handl-it Inc.


HANDLL Inc


Hand


Handmade and More


Handmade Expressions


Handmaker Jewish Services For Aging


Handmark Inc


Hand & Microsurgery Associates


Hand Motors


Hand-n-hand Pre-school


Hand-N-Hand Therapy


Handone Studios Inc


Hand Picked Hotels Ltd


Handpicked


Handpiece Headquarters


Handpiece Parts & Products


Handrail Design Inc


Hands Across Long Island Inc


Handshake Software


Hands Jewelers


Hands of Heartland


Hands ON Atlanta


HandsOn Bay Area


Hands on Central California


Hands On Central Ohio


Hands On Gourmet


Hands on Hartford


Hands On Health


Hands on Jacksonville


Hands On Labor Service


HANDS-ON MANAGEMENT PTY LTD


Hands On Massage


Hands On Nashville


Hands On Network


Hands On New Orleans


Hands On Relay Services


HandsOn Suburban Chicago


HandStands


Hand Surgery and Rehabilitation


Hand Surgery Associates


Hand Surgery Center


Hand Therapy Network


Handtmann Canada Limited


Hand to Shoulder Center of Wisconsin


Handwerger Cardegna Funkhouser


HANDWORK OF INDIA


Hand & Wrist Center


Handwriting Without Tears


Handy Chemicals Limited


Handy Chevrolet, Inc.


Handy Elementary School


Handy & Harman Ltd.


Handy & Harman Tube Co


Handy


HandyLab, Inc


Handy Mailing Service


Handyman Connection


Handyman Matters


Handyman Services


Handy Mart


Handy Networks LLC






HandyPro Handyman Services Inc.


HandySoft Corporation


Handy Technologies, Inc.


HandyTrac Systems Inc


Handy Truck Line Inc


Handy TV


Handy Wacks Corp


Handzel and Associates


Haneke Design


Hanel Corporation


Hanel Storage Systems


Hanenkamp Electric Company


Hanergy Holding America


Hanesbrands Inc.


Hanes Dye & Finishing


Hanes Erie Inc


Hanes Geo Components


Hanes Industries Inc.


Hanes


Hanes Supply, Inc.


Haney Accountants Inc


Haney PRC


Haney Truck Line


Hanford Arc


Hanford Elementary School District 


Hanford-Freund & Company


Hanford Hotels Incorporated


Hanford Insurance Inc


Hanford Joint Union High School District


Hanford Pharmaceuticals


Hanford Sentinel Inc.


Hanft FrideA Professional Association


Hangar 12


HANGAR 18 CREATIVE GROUP INC.


Hangar 24 Craft Brewery, LLC


Hangar Theatre


Hanger Hall-a School for Girls


Hanger, Inc.


Hanger Network


Hangers Cleaners


Hangley Aronchick Segal & Pudlin


Hangman Corp


Hangsterfer's Laboratories, Inc.


Hangtime Inc.


Hang With


Hanhart Agency Inc


Hanigan Bjorkman Ecklund LLP


Hanigan Motors Gm Family Store


Hanjin Logistics


Hanjin Shipping


Hanjin


Hank Agency Group


Hank Deenen Landscaping, Ltd


Hankey Investment Company, L.P.


Hank Fisher Properties


Hank Graff Chevrolet Inc


Hank Haney Golf


Hankin Patent Law


Hankins & Anderson


Hankins Inc


Hankinson Renewable Energy LLC


Hank Lane Music


Hank Lowry Electric Inc


Hankoff Insurance Group Inc


Hankook Tire America Corporation









Community
Are You in Data.com?
Enterprise Solutions

Email Marketing
Privacy
Terms of Use
Site Map
Contact




Copyright © 2017 data.com. All Rights Reserved. Patents Pending.

Data.com is a salesforce.com® company.











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

 

HANDLL - Play Social































































Privacy Policy


Effective Date: April 22, 2015


This Web site, www.handll.com, is owned
and operated by HANDLL, Inc..


We know that your privacy is important
to you, and we work hard to earn and keep your trust. We have created
this Policy to let you know what Personal Information we collect when
you use this Site, how we use and share the Personal Information we
collect, and how we protect your privacy.


If you have any
questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact
us by e-mail at



Legal@Handll.com



or by mail at



HANDLL, Inc.
2401 Larimer Street
Denver, CO 80205


Your Consent


Please take a few minutes to review
this Policy before using this Site. By using this Site you are
consenting to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal
Information as set forth in this Policy. If you do not agree to be
bound by this Policy, you may not access or use this Site.


This Policy is Part of Our Terms of
Use


This Policy is part of the Terms of Use
 that govern
your use of this Site. A link to
our Terms of Use is provided at the bottom of each page
of this Site.


Privacy Notices


This Policy may be supplemented or
amended from time to time by “privacy notices” posted on this
Site. These privacy notices provide a level of detail that we cannot
provide in this more general description of our privacy practices.
For example, certain pages of this Site may contain privacy notices
providing details about the Personal Information we collect on those
pages, why we need that information, and choices you may have about
the ways we use that information.


Other Agreements


When you sign up to use a special
feature of this Site, you may be asked to agree to special terms
governing your use of the special feature. In such cases, you may be
asked to expressly consent to the special terms, for example, by
checking a box or clicking on a button marked “I agree.” This
type of agreement is known as a “click-through” agreement. If any
of the terms of the click-through agreement are different than the
terms of this Policy, the terms of the click-through agreement will
supplement or amend this Policy, but only with respect to the matters
governed by the “click-through agreement.”


Types of Personal Information We
Collect


Information You Volunteer.
HANDLL collects the Personal Information you and others knowingly and
voluntarily provide when you use this Site. For example, we collect
the Personal Information you provide when you subscribe to one of our
newsletters, review or comment on one of our products, or contact us
with questions. Some of the information you post to this Site may
constitute User-Generated Content. All User-Generated Content must
comply with our Terms of Use.


Information Sent to Us by Your Web
Browser. We collect information that is sent to us automatically
by your Web browser. This information typically includes your IP
address, the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and
version of your operating system, the name and version of your
browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit.
Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your
browser sends or how to change your settings. Generally, we do not
link the information provided by your browser to your Personal
Information.


More About IP Addresses. An “IP
address” is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your
computer when you connect to the Internet. It is used to identify
your computer’s “location” in cyberspace, so that the
information you request can be delivered to you. If you use a dial-up
connection or a connection that assigns dynamic IP addresses, your
computer will be assigned a new IP address each time you connect to
the Internet. If, however, your computer is permanently connected to
the Internet using a static IP address, the IP address assigned to
your computer will generally be the same each time you use your
computer.


IP addresses do not include your name,
e-mail address or other information that identifies you personally,
but in some cases, they can be used to identify you. For example, if
you have registered with this Site, we may link your IP address to
account information that identifies you personally. We may also
provide your IP address to our third-party service provider who can
use it to identify your state and zip code. This gives us valuable
demographic information about the individuals who use this Site. In
addition, if, we suspect fraud or a threat to the security of this
Site, we may share our server logs—which contain users’ IP
addresses—with the appropriate investigative authorities, who could
use that information to trace and identify individuals.


Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We use “cookies” and other Web technologies to collect
information and support certain features of this Site. For example,
we may use these technologies to:



collect information about the ways
	visitors use this Site—which pages they visit, which links they
	use, and how long they stay on each page;
	
to support the features and
	functionality of this Site—for example, to save you the trouble of
	reentering information already in our database or to prompt the
	settings you established on previous visits; and
	
to personalize your experience
	when you use this Site.
	



Generally, the information we collect
using these Web technologies does not identify you personally. If,
however, you have created a user identity, for example, by
registering with this Site, we may link the information we collect
using these Web technologies to other information that identifies you
personally.


In addition to the cookies HANDLL
delivers to your computer, our advertising partners may use cookies.
For example, our advertising partners may deliver cookies through
this Site or via e-mail that allow them to recognize you in future
Web sessions as someone who has expressed an interest in this Site or
in our products or services. Likewise, links in e-mails sent to you
by our advertising partners may be designed so that we can identify
recipients who click on them and/or measure the effectiveness of the
e-mail campaign. Cookies delivered
by our advertising partners
do not identify you personally. They are used to help the Web sites
you visit understand your interests and to customize the content of
the advertisements presented to you. The expiration durations
of cookies delivered by our advertising partners vary and are set by
our advertising partners.


Generally, if you do not wish to
receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to
alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Please note,
however, that your browser cannot
screen out cookies that are sent by e-mail.


Although you are not required to accept
cookies when you visit this Site, you may be unable to use all of the
functionality of this Site if your browser rejects our cookies.


User-Generated Content


The User-Generated Content you submit
on or through this Site is available to others who visit this Site.
In addition, we may use User-Generated Content you submit on or
through this Site in advertising campaigns and other promotions. We
may or may not use your name in connection with such use, and we may
or may not seek your consent before using the content for such
purposes.


 Therefore, you should have no
expectation of privacy with respect to User-Generated Content you
submit on or through this Site. You should not submit any content you
do not wish to make available to the general public, and you must
take special care to make sure your submissions comply with our Terms
of Use. In
particular, your submissions must not violate the privacy or other
rights of others.


How We Use Personal Information
Collected Through This Site


Generally, we use the Personal
Information we collect through this Site



to
	provide the information, products and services you request;
for
	security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;
to
	provide you with effective customer service;
	
to
	provide you with a personalized experience when you use our Sites;
to
	contact you with special offers and other information we believe
	will be of interest to you (in
	accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);

	
to
	contact you with information and notices related to your use of our
	Sites;
	
to
	invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in
	accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);

	
to
	better understand your needs and interests;
to
	improve the content, functionality and usability of this Site;
to
	improve our products and services;
to
	improve our marketing and promotional efforts; and
for
	any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice,
	click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.

	



Please see below for information about
the choices you have about the ways we use your Personal Information.



Your Choices



In General.  We respect your
right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose
your Personal Information.  In most cases, we will ask you to
indicate your choices at the time we collect your Personal
Information. For example, if you register with this Site, we provide
you with an opportunity to “opt out” of receiving certain
communications from us. In addition, we will include an “opt out”
link in each electronic newsletter or promotional e-mail we send you,
so that you can inform us that you do not wish to receive such
communications from us in the future.


Previously Expressed Preferences.
You may change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use
your Personal Information. If you are a registered member of this
Site, you may be able to change certain privacy preferences through
your account settings. Otherwise, if at any time you wish to be taken
off our mailing lists, please contact us by e-mail at



 Legal@Handll.com



or by mail at



HANDLL, Inc.
2401 Larimer Street
Denver, CO 80205


Please provide your full name, postal
address and e-mail address so that we can find you on our mailing
lists.  Once we have the information we need, we will remove you from
our mailing lists as you have requested.  Please give us a reasonable
amount of time to honor your request.


How to Access, Update or Correct
Your Personal Information


If you are a
registered member of this Site, you may be able to access, update or
correct your Personal Information through your account settings.
Otherwise, you may need our help.  If you wish to access, update or
correct your Personal Information, please contact us by e-mail at


Legal@Handll.com



or by mail at



HANDLL, Inc.
2401 Larimer Street
Denver, CO 80205


We will respond to you within a
reasonable time and, in any case, within the time limits established
by applicable law.  We may ask you for additional information to
verify your identity.  In most cases, we will provide access and
correct or delete any inaccurate information you discover.  In some
cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if the law permits
or requires us to do so or if we are unable to verify your identify.



Steps We Take to Safeguard your
Personal Information


We maintain reasonable administrative,
physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality
and security of Personal Information you submit on or through this
Site. Unfortunately, no Web site, server or database is completely
secure or “hacker proof.” We therefore cannot guarantee that your
Personal Information will not be disclosed, misused or lost by
accident or by the unauthorized acts of others.


How We Share Your Personal
Information With Others


Third–Party Vendors. HANDLL
shares Personal Information collected through this Site with
third-party vendors who act for or on behalf of HANDLL. For example,
we use third-party vendors to design and operate this Site; to
conduct surveys; and to help us with our promotional efforts. These
third-party vendors may need information about you to perform their
functions.


Business Transfers. Your
Personal Information may be transferred to successor organization if,
for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of this Site to
another organization or if we merge with another organization. If
such a transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of your
Personal Information will still be subject to this Policy and the
privacy preferences you have expressed to us.


Compliance with Laws and Protection
of Our Rights and the Rights of Others. We may disclose your
Personal Information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is
appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We
may also disclose your Personal Information to prevent or investigate
a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the
security of this Site; to enforce or apply our online Terms of Use
 or other
agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights,
property or safety of our users or others.


As Described in a Privacy Notice.
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as
described in any privacy notice posted on a page of this Site where
you provide that information. By providing your Personal Information
on that page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your
Personal Information as described in that privacy notice.


As Described in a Click–Through
Agreement. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal
Information as described in any click–through agreement to which
you have agreed.


Children Under the Age of Thirteen


We are proud of this Site and we
strive to ensure that it does not offend people of any age. However,
this Site is not intended for children or minors under the age of
thirteen years without the permission of a parent or guardian. If you
believe that a child has submitted Personal Information on or through
this Site without the consent and supervision of a parent or
guardian, please contact us by e-mail at

at Legal@Handll.com



or by mail at



HANDLL, Inc.
2401 Larimer Street
Denver, CO 80205


 so that we can take appropriate
action.


Links to Other Sites


This Site may contain links to Web
sites operated by other organizations, including Web sites operated
by our third-party service providers and other third parties. For
example, if you click on an advertisement on this Site, you may be
taken to a Web site that we do not control.



This Policy does not apply to Personal
Information collected on any of these third-party Web sites.  When
you access third-party Web sites through a link on this Site, please
take a few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that site.


This Policy May Change


This Policy describes HANDLL’s
current policies and practices with regard to the Personal
Information we collect through this Site.


We are continually improving and adding
to the features and functionality of this Site and the services we
offer through this Site. As a result of these changes (or changes in
the law), we may need to update or revise this Policy. Accordingly,
we reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time,
without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Policy
behind the link marked “Privacy Policy” at the bottom of each
page of this Site. Your continued use of this Site after we have
posted the revised Policy constitutes your agreement to be bound by
the revised Policy. However, we will honor the terms that were in
effect when we gathered data from you.


For your convenience, whenever this
Policy is changed, we will alert you by posting a notice on our home
page for sixty days. We will also update the “effective date” at
the top of this page. If more than sixty days goes by between your
visits to this Site, be sure you check the effective date to see if
this Policy has been revised since your last visit.


You may access the current version of
this Policy at any time by clicking the link marked “Privacy
Policy” at the bottom of each page of this Site.


Definitions


The terms “HANDLL,”
“we,” “us,” and “our” refer to HANDLL, Inc..


The term “Personal Information”
refers to information that identifies you personally, alone or in
combination with other information available to us. Examples of
Personal Information include your name, address, and e-mail address.


The term “Policy” refers to
this online privacy policy.


References to this “Site” refer
to the Web site owned by HANDLL and located at www.handll.com.


The term “User-Generated Content”
refers to all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations,
graphics, sounds, video, audio-video clips, and other content you
post on or through this Site using the social networking tools we
make available to registered members of this Site. One way that
User-Generated Content differs from other information you provide to
us is that, once submitted, User-Generated Content is made available
instantaneously to others who visit this Site. Examples of
User-Generated Content include comments posted to discussion boards
and reviews of products available on this Site.






Handlair Grain Vacs, Agricultural Pneumatic Conveyors














































ChristiansonCatalog & Media
Distributor Login
FAQs


Home
About Us
Brands
Custom Mfg
Services
Reconditioned
News
Contact Us
You are here: Home > Brands > Handlair
This is a placeholder for the slideshow
Meet the performance champ of grain vacs.
The versatility, flexibility, and performance of Handlair® is unmatched in the grain vac industry. Unlike most grain vacs which are limited to truck loading, a Handlair can fill tall bins, silos, and flat storage; transfer grain over long distances (several hundred feet); and gently handle seed grains – all while using lightweight 4″ to 6″ piping that makes set-up, operation, and take-down a breeze.
Developed and built for years of service in the heart of USA’s corn and soybean country, Handlair continues to set performance standards for grain vacs.
If you’re looking for a better way to move your grain and seed, you can count on Handlair.

ModelsFeatures and OptionsPiping and AssessoriesParts, Service & SupportHandlair BrochureSafetyModels
Models  560   566   680

 

More seed companies own a Handlair than all others put together.
When it comes to grain handling damage, seed companies are a demanding group. They’re very fussy about their seed handling equipment because seed handling damage costs them money – big money. Handlair revolutionized the seed industry by becoming the first pneumatic conveyor to pass test after test for handling damage – proving itself as the seed mover of choice for leading seed companies everywhere.
Make sure you look under the hood.
The two primary components of all push/pull pneumatic conveyors are the airlock and blower. The quality and design of these two components significantly impacts the performance, service life, and value of a grain vac.
For example, Handlair’s heavy-duty cast blow-through airlock with adjustable steel tips will keep operating when others plug or under-perform. As each rotor pocket containing grain passes in front of the blower’s discharge, the pocket is cleaned from the pressurized air passing directly through it – hence the term “blow-through airlock”. This results in higher conveying efficiency and better performance.
The Handlair positive displacement blower with hardened gears, high-quality bearings and seals can operate at pressures 25-50% higher, providing unequaled conveying performance.



Model
Capacity (max)
HP
Line Size


560
3,500 bu/hr
100
5″ (127 mm)


566
4,000 bu/hr
105
6″ (152 mm)


680
5,700 bu/hr
150
6″ (152 mm)



 
Click here to see Capacities
Features and OptionsThe closer you look, the better Handlair looks.
 


Handlair 560, 566 and 680 grain vacs include the following features unless noted as an option:
Piping: 4, 5, or 6″

Easy to handle 4, 5 or 6″ piping, with camlock couplers, gives you perfect alignment and positive seal at every connection. No loose clamps or gaskets. Recommended piping packages and center bin unloading nozzles are available. Also complete piping systems available for bins or silos, large or small.
Offset-hitch Frame
Patented frame design with an offset hitch gives plenty of truck clearance when using a tractor with duals or long axles.
Fender Package


Heavy-duty fenders with rubber mud flaps.
They do what a fender is supposed to do, and they look great.
Swivel Truck-Loading-Kit (TLK)

Swivel Truck-Loading-Kit (TLK) allows truck loading from the side, corner, or rear of the machine.
Raised and lowered via a handy crank winch, the TLK uses heavy-duty bearings for stability during unloading.
Features:

Standard truck loading clearance of 12′ 2″.
360° rotational movement.
Locking safety pin for storage and transport.

Hydraulic Truck Loading Kit Package (optional)
Hydraulically raised and lowered at a touch of a lever.
Camlock Coupled Lower TLK Elbow
(Standard on Models 560 & 566)


The camlock coupled lower TLK elbow easily detaches without tools for applications where the truck loading kit is not required – like filling bins and silos, or long horizontal transfers.
Camlock couplers ensure positive alignment and sealing at every pipe connection.
Seed Handling Discharge Cyclone (optional)

A 24″ Seed Handling Discharge Cyclone is available in lieu of the 20″ standard discharge cyclone.
Discharge Cyclone Liners and Rubber Boots (optional)

Barrel and cone liners dramatically extend the life of a discharge cyclone.

20″ unlined discharge cyclone is standard.
Barrel liner only or barrel and cone liner for 20″ discharge cyclone (optional).
24″ unlined Seed Handling Discharge Cyclone (optional).
Barrel liner only or barrel and cone liner for 24″ discharge cyclone (optional).

Rubber outlet boots gently direct grain flow to discharge in a tight pattern.

9″ rubber discharge boot for 20″ discharge cyclone (optional).
11″ rubber discharge boot for 24″ discharge cyclone (optional).

High Clearance TLK (optional)
When loading into extra high grain trucks, an extended truck loading kit with 13’6″ of clearance is available.
Airlock

The Handlair 560 and 566 utilize a 1.56 cubic foot per revolution Christianson heavy duty airlock.
The Handlair 680 utilizes a 2.7 cu. ft per revolution Christianson heavy duty airlock.
Special features include:

Blow-through design for efficiency and superior rotor pocket clearing.
Extra-large throat for maximum through-put and minimized product bridging.
Angled housing for reduced torque rotor turning.
Adjustable and replaceable tips for longer airlock life and better performance.
Pressure-Vacuum cross venting for better performance.
Direct-coupled reversible hydraulic drive with overload protection.
Heavy-duty cast iron housing for better rigidity and strength.

Chrome Hardened Airlock (optional)
The airlock can be chrome hardened in a special process for extra wear resistance.
Hour Meter (optional)

Timely service of your Handlair extends its life and helps maintain optimum performance.
Track Handlair operating time with the hour meter – also great for rental or custom transfer work.


Positive Displacement Air Pump (Blower)

Heavy-duty commercial air pump with hardened gears, high-quality bearings and seals for long life, unequalled efficiency and performance. Heaviest in the industry!
Silencer

New self-cleaning blower silencer for extremely quiet operation.
Swivel Cyclone

Main machine cyclone for grain and vacuum intake.

Two-piece construction for easy maintenance access and/or installation of optional wear liner.
270° rotation/positioning – set your intake pipe in best position for job.
Integrated self-cleaning stainless steel backup filter screen.

Machine Cyclone Liners (optional)
For abrasive grains like soybeans or high volume users, barrel and cone wear liners are recommended for the main machine cyclone.
Air Filtration System – AFS


The AFS removes a majority of the abrasive or sticky dust from air stream that is sucked back into the blower. Highly efficient and virtually maintenance-free except for periodic dumping.
Gearbox Drive

Gearbox drive for direct, smooth power transmission. Unibody design with hardened gears. No belts or chains.

Side-loading of the blower shaft and bearings is eliminated.
Very efficient (no loss of power from belt slippage).
Reliable – gears and bearings continuously lubricated in oil bath.

The PTO shaft with protective clutch provides smooth and safe power transmission to the blower. Shear bolts are eliminated.
Remote Hydraulic Control

Conveniently located control lever(s) for operating tractor hydraulic powered components as follows:

Airlock (forward, off, and reverse)
Truck-Loading-Kit (raise and lower) (optional – if equipped)

Self-Contained Hydraulic System (optional)

With Handlair’s most popular option, you never have to connect hoses to your tractor, switch hose ends, or risk contamination to your tractor’s hydraulic system. Especially important for multi-owner and rental units.
Hydraulic power for the airlock and truck loading kit ram (if equipped).
Comes complete with:

Gauge
Filter
Reservoir tank
Vacuum Gauge

Easy to read vacuum gauge allows the operator to monitor machine operation.
Vacuum Gauge

Easy to read vacuum gauge allows the operator to monitor machine operation.
Pressure Gauge (optional)
Handy for pressure conveying applications, easy to read 2″ liquid filled pressure gauge helps the operator set and monitor machine operation.
 
 

Piping and Assessories 
Make sure your Handlair® has the right piping for the job.
 

Handlair is no ordinary grain vac – it gives you the best of both worlds: small diameter, easy to handle piping and pressure conveying – all in one compact package. Take advantage of Handlair’s superior performance by plumbing that hard-to-reach silo or holding tank today!

Adapters

Adapters are required for coupling flexible rubber or flexible metal piping. An exclusive Seedcuff™ version for metal flex provides a smoother transition for gentler material handling.

Available with Male or Female Camlock Coupler.
Available as Stub or Seedcuff only without coupler.

Bin and Silo Piping
Plumb your bins and silos for fast and easy filling.

Couplers – Camlock

Camlock couplers connect in seconds without separate clamps or bolts. Proper pipe alignment and a good vacuum or pressure seal is assured.
When used with galvanized or stainless steel flex pipe, camlock couplers ensure the correct direction of bulk material flow, improving your vac’s performance and minimizing pipe wear.
Camlock couplers typically are reusable if your flex requires replacement. Reinstall the used camlock couplers on your new flex pipe and you’re set.
Camlock couplers can be used on all makes and models of pneumatic conveyors – just contact us to quote a retrofit!

Couplers – Compression

Use compression couplers to butt-connect straight pipe or stubs. They are commonly used for bin and silo plumbing installations and are available in virtually any diameter. Compression couplers feature a heavy rubber gasket, steel inner sleeve and bolted compression for solid connections.
Couplers – Quick-Clamp

The quick clamp with J-hook quickly and securely connects 1″ or 1-1/4″ angle-flanged piping. Many older vacs use flanged steel pipes, especially in diameters of 8″ or greater.
Couplers – Quick-On

Quick-On couplers are very handy for pipe connections requiring frequent access or disconnection.
Featuring an integral hand tightening screw, quick-on couplers can be installed without tools. Each coupler comes standard with a gasket.
Nozzles – Straight

The aluminum straight nozzles feature 360 degree handle and an adjustable air door. A male camlock coupler welded on one end is used for quick attachment to flex piping.
Available with a detachable cleanup head with skids or wheels for easier nozzle handling. Also uses detachable Bell end for improved performance.
Nozzles – Removable Cleanup Head and Bell

For cleanup applications use the detachable flat nozzle with wheels.
For better performance, be sure to use a Bell end on your nozzle to increase bulk material uptake.
 


Nozzles – Adjustable

Reduce stress on your lower back with this adjustable cleanup nozzle. Its ergonomic design allows various adjustments to accommodate your height.
Hand grips are placed for maximum comfort. Moving on a dual set of wheels and at just 18 LBS, this lightweight nozzle is easy to handle. Its wide head allows for maximum cleanup efficiency
Piping – Aluminum – Straight

Use heavy-duty aluminum pipe that is lightweight yet strong and lasts. Available with camlock couplers for fast and easy pipe connection.
4″=.072″ Wall Thickness, 5″=.078″ Wall Thickness, 6″=.083″ Wall Thickness




Flex Pipe Guide
Tip! Extend the life of
your flex – rotate 90° frequently.


Flex Only




Flex
+ Carbon Steel Ends



Flex
+ Carbon Steel Ends
+ Swivel




Flex
+ Carbon Steel Ends
+ Camlock Couplers

Flex
+ Carbon Steel Ends
+ Reducer
+ Camlock Couplers



Flex
+ Carbon Steel Ends
+ Swivel
+ Camlock Couplers


Flex
+ Carbon Steel Ends
+ Swivel
+ Reducer
+ Camlock Couplers






Piping – Flex – Galvanized Steel

Constructed of hot dipped galvanized carbon steel strip for greater protection from weathering, this .019″ thick galvanized flex pipe stands up in tough conveying environments. Its high-temperature packing virtually eliminates air leaks and provides the high capacities.
Piping – Flex – Galvanized Steel with Stainless Steel Liner

Constructed of hot dipped galvanized carbon steel strip and lined with 302 stainless steel, this flex measures .038″ thick. It is designed to withstand the most grueling applications. It features high-temperature packing and an Easyflo™ smooth bore to minimize grain damage and reduce conveying friction. Also yields higher capacities, greater pipe strength and a longer service life.
Piping – Flex – Stainless Steel

Tackle your toughest applications with the most flexible and easy to handle metal flex. Constructed entirely of 302 stainless steel, this flex is contamination and corrosion resistant. More durable than galvanized flex pipe, its high-temperature packing virtually eliminates air leaks and provides optimum performance.
Piping – Flex – Rubber – Standard

A compound rubber flex formulated to dissipate static electricity and constructed with a rigid PVC helix. The standard rubber flex is lighter and more flexible, making it best suited for clean-up applications.
 
Piping – Elbows

Use with compression couplers to butt-connect to straight pipe, another elbow or stubs. Also available with camlock couplers attached.
Elbows are commonly used for bin and silo plumbing installations. All elbows are steel grit blasted, primed, and painted.
Available in 15, 30, 45 ,60 and 90 degree bends.
Piping Packages
Contact us about recommended piping packages for your application. Our experienced staff will guide you through a piping selection process that best fits your needs.
 Reducers

Carbon steel reducers provide a smooth transition between two different pipe diameters. Available in numerous configurations with or without camlock couplers attached.
Specifications, drawings, photographs, and design are for illustrative purposes only and are subject to change without notice. Also refer to the Legal section of this web site for more information.

Parts, Service & SupportHandlair service and support –
23 years and counting.
Whether it’s routine maintenance for your Handlair or a complete rebuild of your older grain vac, we’ve got the facilities and experience to support you. We service all types, makes and models of grain vacs.
Call us today for:

Airlock tip adjustment
Airlock rebuilding and exchange
Air pump rebuilding and exchange
Seasonal inspection and tune-up
Vac rebuilding
Vac truck mounting

Handlair BrochureBelow is the current brochure for the Handlair Models 560 and 680.

 
 
 
 
 
 

SafetySafety Notice – Important – Read This!
Working in and around bins, silos, and tanks
Entering a bin, silo, tank or other type of storage structure is hazardous. You can suffocate and die from the materials stored inside these structures. There also may be explosive, harmful or poisonous gas or dust in the air. A vac operator and all other personnel assisting should strictly adhere to the procedures outlined in “Bin, Silo, and Tank Entry Procedures” before entering a storage structure. For additional details regarding these procedures, reference OSHA Standards.
When entering grain tanks, bins, and silos, also follow these tips – “Bin Entry Do’s and Don’ts” from the Kansas Grain and Feed Association’s Safety, Health and Environment Committee.
 

Working with and around your vac
Before using your vac, it is your responsibility to read, understand and follow all of the safety instructions in your operator’s manual. Also make sure that EVERYONE operating or near your vac understands and follows all of the safety instructions in the manual.
Remember, a safety-minded, informed operator is the most important safety aspect of your vac. Accidents can be avoided. Do not risk injury or death — be certain that every operator of your vac is well acquainted with all the safety recommendations and operating instructions in the manual. Read “Vac Safety Guidelines”

















Home| 
About Us | 
Brands | 
Custom Manufacturing | 
Services | 
News |
Contact Us


© 2017 Christianson Systems, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | Developed By Vivid Image | Log in








 

 

HANDLL - Play Social































































Terms of Use
Effective Date: April 22, 2015

Thank for visiting this
website which is owned by HANDLL, Inc.. These Terms of Use govern
your use of this Site.


Questions About
These Terms of Use

If you have any
questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us by email at


Legal@Handll.com



or by mail at




HANDLL,
Inc.
2401
Larimer Street
Denver,
CO 80205



Your Consent to
These Terms of Use


By accessing or using
this Site, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by these
Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not
use this Site.


Your Consent to our
Online Privacy Policy


Our online Privacy
Policy
describes our data practices as they relate to information collected
through this Site. Our Privacy Policy is an integral part of and is
incorporated into these Terms of Use.


Your Consent to
Other Agreements


When you sign up to use
a special feature of this Site, you may be asked to agree to special
terms governing your use of the special feature. In such cases, you
may be asked to expressly consent to the special terms, for example,
by checking a box or clicking on a button marked “I agree.” This
type of agreement is known as a “click–through” agreement. If
any of the terms of the click-through agreement are different than
the terms of these Terms of Use, the terms of the click-through
agreement will supplement or amend these Terms of Use, but only with
respect to the matters governed by the click-through agreement.


These Terms of Use
May Change
HANDLL reserves
the right to update or modify these Terms of Use at any time and
without prior notice, by posting the revised version of the Terms of
Use on this Site. Your use of this Site following any such change
constitutes your agreement to the revised Terms of Use. You may
access the current version at any time by clicking on the link marked
“Terms of Use” at the bottom of each page of the public areas of
this Site.

Definitions


The term “Content”
refers to all of the software and code comprising or used to operate
this Site, and all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations,
graphics, sound recordings, video and audio-video clips, and other
materials available on this Site.



The term “Feedback”
refers to the Content you post on or through this Site that is
specifically about how we can improve this Site and the products and
services we make available through this Site.



The terms “HANDLL,”
“we,” “us,” and “our” refer to HANDLL, Inc..


References to this
“Site” refer to the website owned by HANDLL, Inc.


The term “Terms of
Use” refers to this Site’s Terms of Use.



The terms “User-Generated Content” or “UGC” refer to
all of the materials that you post on or through this Site using the
social-networking or product-review tools we make available to you
and that does not constitute Feedback.



Ownership of this
Site and its Content


This
Site, including all of its Content, is protected under applicable
intellectual property and other proprietary laws, including without
limitation those of the United States. All Content and intellectual
property rights therein are the property of HANDLL, or the Content is
included with the permission of the rights owner and is protected
pursuant to applicable copyright and trademark laws.

 
The presence of any
Content on this Site does not constitute a waiver of any right in
such Content. You do not acquire ownership rights to any such Content
viewed through this Site. Except as otherwise provided herein, none
of this Content may be used, copied, reproduced, distributed,
republished, downloaded, modified, displayed, posted or transmitted
in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to,
electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise,
without our express prior written permission.
 
Permission is hereby
granted to the extent necessary to lawfully access and use this Site
and to display, download, or print portions of this Site on a
temporary basis and for your personal, noncommercial use only,
provided that you (i) do not modify the Content; (ii) you retain any
and all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the
Content; and (iii) you do not copy or post the Content on any network
computer or broadcast the Content in any media.



Trademarks
HANDLL names and
logos, all product names, all page headers, all custom graphics, all
button icons, and all trademarks, service marks and logos appearing
on this Site, unless otherwise noted, are trademarks (whether
registered or not), service marks and/or trade dress of HANDLL, Inc.
(the “Marks”). All other trademarks, product names, company
names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress mentioned, displayed,
cited or otherwise indicated on the Site are the property of their
respective owners. You are not authorized to display or use the Marks
in any manner without our prior written permission. You are not
authorized to display or use trademarks, product names, company
names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress of other owners
featured on this Site without the prior written permission of such
owners. The use or misuse of the Marks or other trademarks, product
names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress or any
other materials contained herein, except as permitted herein, is
expressly prohibited.

Responsibility for User-Generated Content Posted on or Through
this Site

You are responsible for UGC that you post: Under no
circumstances will we be liable in any way for any UGC. This means
that you, not HANDLL, are entirely responsible for all UGC that you
post and that you can be held personally liable for comments that are
defamatory, obscene, or libelous, or that violate these Terms of Use,
an obligation of confidentiality, or the rights of others. If any
part of the UGC you post is not your original work, it is your
responsibility to obtain any necessary permission to post it.

Because we do not control the UGC posted on or through this Site, we
cannot and do not warrant or guarantee the truthfulness, integrity,
suitability, or quality of that UGC. You also agree and understand
that by accessing this Site, you may encounter UGC that you may
consider to be objectionable. We have no responsibility for any UGC,
including without limitation any errors or omissions therein. We are
not liable for any loss or damage of any kind you may claim was
incurred as a result of the use of any UGC posted, emailed,
transmitted or otherwise made available on or through this Site. The
UGC posted on or through this Site expresses the personal opinions of
the individuals who posted it and does not necessarily reflect the
views of HANDLL or any person or entity associated with HANDLL.

You own UGC, but we may use it: You own the copyright in any
original UGC you post. We do not claim any copyrights in UGC.
However, by using this Site you are granting us and our subsidiaries,
affiliates, successors and assigns, a nonexclusive, fully paid,
worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty–free, transferable
license (with the right to sublicense through unlimited levels of
sublicensees) to use, copy, modify, distribute, publicly display and
perform, publish, transmit, remove, retain repurpose, and
commercialize UGC you post in any and all media or form of
communication whether now existing or hereafter developed, without
obtaining additional consent, without restriction, notification, or
attribution, and without compensating you in any way, and to
authorize others to do the same. For this reason, we ask that you not
post any UGC that you do not wish to license to us, including any
photographs, videos, confidential information, or product ideas.

We may disclose and/or remove UGC: HANDLL has certain rights.
We have the right (but do not assume the obligation) to:





			monitor all UGC;

			require that you avoid certain subjects;

			remove or block any UGC at any time without notice at our sole and
			absolute discretion;

			disclose any UGC and the identity of the user who posted it in
			response to a subpoena or whenever we believe that disclosure is
			appropriate to comply with the law or a court order, to prevent or
			investigate a possible crime or other violation of law, to protect
			the rights of HANDLL or others, or to enforce these Terms of Use;
			and

			terminate your access to and use of this Site, or to modify, edit
			or block your transmissions thereto in our sole discretion.


You agree that our exercise of such discretion shall not render us
the owners of UGC you post, and that you will retain ownership
thereof as described above.




Restrictions on UGC: It is a condition of these Terms of Use
that you do not:



	upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available
	






				any UGC that is unlawful, harmful, hateful, threatening, abusive,
				harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic,
				profane, racially disparaging, indecent, or invasive of another’s
				privacy;

				any UGC that constitutes or encourages activity illegal under
				criminal or civil law;

				any UGC that is false, misleading, or fraudulent;

				any UGC that you do not have a right to make available under any
				law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as
				inside information or proprietary and confidential information
				learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under
				nondisclosure agreements);

				any UGC that violates or infringes upon the rights of others,
				including UGC which violates the patent rights, copyrights,
				trademark rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, trade secret
				rights, confidentiality rights, contract rights, or any other
				rights of any individual, living or deceased, or any legal
				entity;

				any UGC that contains the image, name or likeness of anyone other
				than yourself, unless (i) that person is at least eighteen years
				old and you have first obtained his/her express permission or
				(ii) that person is under eighteen years old but you are his/her
				parent or legal guardian;

				any request for or solicitation of any personal or private
				information from any individual;

				any request for or solicitation of money, goods, or services for
				private gain;

				any material that contains software viruses or any other computer
				code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit
				the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
				telecommunications equipment; or

				any UGC that contains advertising, promotions or marketing, or
				which otherwise has a commercial purpose;



	impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise
	misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; or

	violate any local, state, national or international law, rule or
	regulation.


By posting UGC, you represent and warrant that (i) you own or
otherwise control all of the rights to the UGC and have the right to
grant the license set forth in these Terms of Use; (ii) the UGC is
accurate, and (iii) you are at least eighteen years old and you have
read and understood—and your UGC fully complies with—these Terms
of Use and applicable laws and will not cause injury to any person or
entity.




Removal
of Content






In general: You can report objectionable UGC by contacting us
using the information provided above. While we do not have any
obligation to remove UGC from this Site merely because of a removal
request, we will review all such requests and will remove UGC that we
determine should be removed, in our sole discretion and in accordance
with these Terms of Use and applicable law. Please be aware, however,
that if the UGC has already been distributed to other websites or
published in other media, we will not be able to recapture and delete
it. Also, a back–up or residual copy of the UGC we remove from our
Sites may remain on back–up servers.

Violation of copyrights: HANDLL does not knowingly violate or
permit others to violate the copyrights of others. We will promptly
remove or disable access to material that we know is infringing or if
we become aware of circumstances from which infringing activity is
apparent.

If you believe that your own work, or the work of a third party for
whom you are authorized to act, is featured on our Sites or has been
otherwise copied and made available on our Sites in a manner that
constitute copyright infringement, please notify us immediately. Your
notice must be in writing and must include:





			an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of
			the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the
			copyright interest;

			a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been
			infringed;

			a description of where the material that you claim is infringing
			is located on our Sites (including the URL, title and/or item
			number if applicable, or other identifying characteristics);

			your name, address, telephone number, and email address, and, if
			you are not the owner of the copyright, the name of the owner;
			

			a written statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that
			the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its
			agent, or the law; and

			a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above
			information in your notice is accurate and that you are the
			copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's
			behalf.


Please send your statement to:


Attn: DMCA Copyright Agent
Handll, Inc.
2401 Larimer St.
Denver, CO 80205


If you have questions about this policy, please contact Handll at legal@handll.com.


Your Feedback

Although we do not claim ownership of UGC, the Feedback you provide
to us will be and remain our exclusive property. Your submission of
Feedback will constitute an assignment to us of all worldwide rights,
title and interests in your Feedback, including all copyrights and
other intellectual property rights in your Feedback. We will be
entitled to reduce to practice, exploit, make, use, copy, disclose,
display or perform publicly, distribute, improve and modify any
Feedback you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction
and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask that
you not send us any Feedback that you do not wish to assign to us.


Disclaimer of
Warranties 


WE MAKE NO
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ITS
CONTENT, OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE AVAILABLE ON OR PROMOTED THROUGH
THIS SITE. THIS SITE AND ALL OF ITS CONTENT ARE PROVIDED FOR USE “AS
IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, ARISING BY STATUTE, CUSTOM, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
PERFORMANCE OR IN ANY OTHER WAY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY,
QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THIS
SITE, ITS CONTENT, ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE AVAILABLE ON OR PROMOTED
THROUGH THIS SITE, AND ANY SITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED.
WITHOUT LIMITING
THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT
THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR ANY TRANSMISSIONS SENT FROM US OR THROUGH
THIS SITE WILL BE FREE OF ANY HARMFUL COMPONENTS (INCLUDING VIRUSES).
WE ALSO MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO WHETHER THE
INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THIS SITE, OR ANY SITE WITH WHICH IT IS
LINKED, IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR CURRENT. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR
ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT APPEARING ON THIS SITE.
WE DO NOT REPRESENT
OR WARRANT CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE ACCESS TO OR USE OF
THIS SITE. YOU ACCEPT THAT OUR SHAREHOLDERS, OWNERS, OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER REPRESENTATIVES SHALL HAVE THE BENEFIT
OF THIS CLAUSE.
Without limiting
the foregoing, certain products offered on this Site may be covered
by a manufacturers’ product warranty, and the limitations and
disclaimers set forth herein will not limit or restrict any such
warranty.


Nothing in these Terms
of Use will affect any statutory rights to which you may be entitled
as a consumer to the extent your ability to alter or waive such
rights by contract is limited by applicable law.
Exclusion of
Liability
TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS WE, ON BEHALF OF OUR DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS AND SERVICE
PROVIDERS, EXCLUDE AND DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSSES AND EXPENSES
OF WHATEVER NATURE AND HOWSOEVER ARISING INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, GENERAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; LOSS OF USE; LOSS OF DATA; LOSS
CAUSED BY A VIRUS; LOSS OF INCOME OR PROFIT; LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO
PROPERTY; CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES; OR OTHER LOSSES OF ANY KIND OR
CHARACTER, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF
THE SITE OR ANY WEBSITE WITH WHICH THEY ARE LINKED, OR ANY
MERCHANDISE AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY
FOR ESTABLISHING SUCH PROCEDURES FOR DATA BACK UP AND VIRUS CHECKING
AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES
WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS.
IF ANY PART OF THIS
LIMITATION ON LIABILITY IS FOUND TO BE INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR
ANY REASON, THEN THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES FOR
LIABILITIES THAT OTHERWISE WOULD HAVE BEEN LIMITED SHALL NOT EXCEED
TEN DOLLARS ($10.00).
These Terms of Use
give you specific legal rights and you may also have other rights
which vary from country to country. Some jurisdictions do not allow
certain kinds of limitations or exclusions of liability, so the
limitations and exclusions set out in these Terms of Use may not
apply to you. Other jurisdictions allow limitations and exclusions
subject to certain conditions. In such a case the limitations and
exclusions set out in these Terms of Use shall apply to the fullest
extent permitted by the laws of such applicable jurisdictions. Your
statutory rights as a consumer, if any, are not affected by these
provisions, and we do not seek to exclude or limit liability for
fraudulent misrepresentation.


Links to Sites
Operated by Third Parties


This Site may provide
links to websites operated by third parties. We are not responsible
for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the products or
offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the accuracy
or content of their websites. We do not assume any responsibility or
liability for the actions, product, and content of any such sites.
Before you use any site you should review the applicable conditions
of use and policies. The inclusion of a link in this Site does not
imply our endorsement of the site. If you decide to access linked
third-party websites, you do so at your own risk.


Waiver


Our failure at any time
to require performance of any provision of these Terms of Use or to
exercise any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver
of such provision or such right. All waivers must be in writing.
Unless the written waiver contains an express statement to the
contrary, no waiver by any of us of any breach of any provision of
these Terms of Use or of any right provided for herein shall be
construed as a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such
provision, a waiver of the provision itself, or a waiver of any right
under these
Terms of Use.


Severability


If any provision of
these Terms of Use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
contrary to law, such provision shall be changed and interpreted so
as to best accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the
fullest extent allowed by law and the remaining provisions of these
Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect.


Governing Law,
Jurisdiction and Venue


HANDLL’s headquarters
are located in Colorado. These Terms of Use shall be governed under
the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to its conflicts of
law provisions. All actions or proceedings arising out of or relating
to these Terms of Use shall be venued exclusively in state or federal
court in Denver, Colorado. You hereby irrevocably consent and submit
to the personal jurisdiction of said courts for all such purposes.


Entire Agreement.


These Terms of Use,
together with our Privacy Policy and any applicable privacy notice or
click-through agreement, contain the entire understanding and
agreement between you and us with respect to this Site and supersede
all previous communications, negotiations and agreements, whether
oral, written, or electronic between you and us with respect to this
Site.





99552-2W26C | Genuine Nissan #995522W26C ROD-JACK HANDLL  

















 





 


×

Nissan Parts
Nissan Accessories


Login/Register
My Account
Track Order
Help Center




 




 





0
My Cart






Customer Support: 


Live Chat

or 

1-888-726-6993











        Parts Question Guide
    



×



Parts Question Topics

Help Me Locate a Part Using the Online Catalog
Help Me Find a Part Using the Search Bar
How Can I Search by Part Number and Verify Fitment
Get More Info about the Part You Located



                    If your questions are not answered, Email Us 









<  Back










Check if it fits by entering your vehicle info
Check if this part fits your vehicle


View similar parts that fit

Check Fit









Nissan Part No.: 995522W26C
ROD-JACK HANDLL



Discontinued Part







Part Info



Part No.
99552-2W26C


Lookup Code
99613


Part Description
ROD-JACK HANDLL


Replaced By
 (MultiSupersession)


Manufacturer
Nissan. This genuine Nissan part is guaranteed by Nissan's factory warranty.


Manufacturer's Notes

This part is discontinued. It is no longer available for purchase.






This part can be found in the diagram as Lookup Code: NI




 
 







Select an illustration to view its particular parts.

1. V +W - (12/1998-09/1999)





The diagram listed is for your reference. View diagram for your vehicle
















Part Fitment


Model
Year



Trim


Engine



Important vehicle option details


Pathfinder
2000-2004



LE, SE, XE


6 Cyl 3.3L, 6 Cyl 3.5L



VG33E, VQ35DE




Genuine Nissan Parts, the Right Choice

          Your vehicle deserves only genuine OEM Nissan parts and accessories. 
          To ensure reliability, purchase Nissan part# 99552-2W26C ROD-JACK HANDLL. 
           Our Nissan parts and accessories are expedited directly from authorized Nissan dealers strategically located all across the U.S. and are backed by the manufacturer's 12 month, 12,000 mile warranty. 
          OEM Nissan parts are the best for restoring your vehicle to factory condition performance. This part fits specific Nissan Pathfinder models. 
          Affordable, reliable and built to last, Nissan part# 995522W26C ROD-JACK HANDLL stands out as the smart option. 
          Nissan Parts Deal is your prime online source with the biggest and best selection of genuine Nissan parts and accessories at giant discounted prices. 
          We have the OEM Nissan parts and accessories you need at the lowest possible prices. 
          Nissan Parts Deal has you covered no matter what type of Nissan vehicle you drive.
        




Select Your Vehicle




Select Vehicle by VIN
Select Vehicle by Model


Select Vehicle by VIN


Check Fit
For the most accurate results, search by your VIN (Vehicle Identification Number).
 


Select your vehicle for the best product fit
Select Vehicle by Model
-- Select Make --
-- Select Model --
-- Select Year --
-- Select Submodel --

Check Fit















 

Item has been added to your cart!



Part No.: 





Qty.
Price: $0.00
Subtotal: $0.00


This part contains hazardous material.
This part is a packaged part and contains multiple quantities of: (Pack Qty: 4)
This part is a packaged part and contains multiple quantities of the same item. In an effort to simplify packaging Nissan will sometimes include multiple parts in a package.



Continue Shopping
Checkout




















HANDLL | sovrn Publisher Tools            
             ContactSupportLoginsovrnSign Up ☰ ˟ContactSupportLoginPublishersAdvertising ProductsHeader SuiteOnScrollUnified ReportingWorkbenchVideoNew FeaturesBuyersTrusted QualityAudiencesViewabilityVideoCompanyPress & AwardsCareersResourcesCommunityLearnGet StartedSupportBlogGet started Onsedisi minulpa dolestia ipsam, quious dolest quoditiur ma im.website* Email*           This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.  HANDLLHave questions about header bidding, ad performance reporting, digital marketing or just want to meet other publishers? Head on over to Sovrn Community.   Learn More  by: Sovrn Holdings A new category of monetization for your site.HANDLL turns social media posts into a content asset for publishers. Get a Channel of the most interesting posts, filtered for maximum engagement and brand safety, licensed for display on your website, monetized by sovrn. With Handll, publishers have access to a constant stream of new content to engage readers and attract new ones meaning more traffic and revenue!Benefits of HANDLLDisplay the hottest content that’s happening now without curatingShowcase your own social postsEarn new revenue from sovrn native ad placements in your Channel          Similarly awesome articles.Coalition for Better Ads: Making Online Ads Better for EveryoneOur Commitment to Independent PublishersUpdate from the road: What does winning look like? [Part 2]Significant upgrade to the Sovrn platform improves performance, reliability and revenue.What Does Winning Look Like to a Publisher?Get startedUnderstand your audience. Engage your readers. Make more money.Sign up for Sovrnor get in touch with our team© 2017 Sovrn, Inc. All rights reserved.SOVRN and MERIDIAN are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sovrn Holdings, Inc. Contact | Support publishersupport@sovrn.comScroll To Top               Opt Out     HANDLL CEO: Publishers Must Innovate Around Walled Gardens | Sovrn Blog            
             ContactSupportLoginsovrnSign Up ☰ ˟ContactSupportLoginPublishersAdvertising ProductsHeader SuiteOnScrollUnified ReportingWorkbenchVideoNew FeaturesBuyersTrusted QualityAudiencesViewabilityVideoCompanyPress & AwardsCareersResourcesCommunityLearnGet StartedSupportBlogGet started Onsedisi minulpa dolestia ipsam, quious dolest quoditiur ma im.website* Email*           This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.   August 25, 2015HANDLL CEO: Publishers Must Innovate Around Walled Gardens Social MediaHave questions about header bidding, ad performance reporting, digital marketing or just want to meet other publishers? Head on over to Sovrn Community.   Learn More  by: Sovrn Holdings We have put together a blog series leading up to our I² event in September that is tailored to capture thought-provoking ideas and commentary from visionaries, publishing leaders, independents, evangelists and the like. Everyday we have the pleasure of engaging with experts and innovators blazing their own path in the industry and we thought this would be the ideal time to open up and share these discussions. To start, we are asking our I² event sponsors, speakers, attendees and industry leaders questions about the future of indie publishing. We hope you enjoy the series.The first post is a Q&A with Ethan Holien, CEO of HANDLL.What’s your advice to independent publishers who want to better monetize their passion of publishing? You work hard on your content, but you can produce only so much of it. Social networks have a huge amount of authentic content that fits your site and your audience will love. Using social networks as a source of content, rather than just a source of incoming traffic, can multiply your efforts and offer new additive monetization.What do you see as the future of indie publishing? Content will continue to be consumed across a variety of rich platforms, including social networks and aggregation apps. To compete in the future, indie publishers will use tools that enrich their own sites and apps with real-time dynamic content. Concurrently, tools that help to control the distribution and monetization of content wherever it is consumed will become increasingly important.What’s broken in publishing today? Social networks are quickly becoming like Aol in 1991 – walled gardens that control consumption and distribution of content. Some people even behave like social networks are all that matters. The fix to this situation is greater integration of content both ways – social network content on publisher’s properties in a way that works for social networks, and publisher content on social networks in a way that works for publishers.What does the independent web mean to you? The independent web is a place where people can both express themselves and build a business. It is inseparable from a free democratic, and capitalist society. Okay, yes, a big statement, but this is serious stuff, let’s keep the web independent!Want to learn more about emerging trends and strategies for publishers? Join us at i² this September 9th in San Francisco for talks on ad blocking, mobile discovery, content strategy lessons from TEDTalks, attribution, programmatic and more. The event is free for publishers!Similarly awesome articles.Join Sovrn in Support of Net NeutralityDigital Marketing & Content Strategy with Peter HoustonWebinar Best Practices: 11 Tips for Hosting a Next-level WebinarWhy Facebook’s Boost Post is a Complete Waste of MoneyWhat Makes Online Content Go Viral?Get startedUnderstand your audience. Engage your readers. Make more money.Sign up for Sovrnor get in touch with our team© 2017 Sovrn, Inc. All rights reserved.SOVRN and MERIDIAN are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sovrn Holdings, Inc. Contact | Support publishersupport@sovrn.comScroll To Top                Opt Out     