


Pipe Hanger & Support Catalog - Piping Technology & Products, Inc.

























 


 












Facebook





Contact us at: (713) 731-0030   Toll-Free: (800) 787-5914 Se habla español        
















Engineered Spring Supports

Variable Spring Supports

Fig. PTP-1 - Types A, B, C
Fig. PTP-1 - Types D, E, F
Fig. PTP-1 - Type G
Fig. PTP-2 - Types A, B, C
Fig. PTP-2 - Types D, E, F
Fig. PTP-2 - Type G
Fig. PTP-4 - Types A, B, C
Fig. PTP-4 - Types D, E, F
Fig. PTP-4 - Type G
Fig. PTP-6 - Types A, B, C
Fig. PTP-6 - Types D, E, F
Fig. PTP-6 - Type G
Fig. PTP-8 - Types A, B, C
Fig. PTP-8 - Types D, E, F
Fig. PTP-8 - Type G
Fig. 400 - Light Duty Springs

Load & Travel Tables [PDF]
Big Ton Spring Supports
Constant Spring Supports

Fig. PTP 100-A Constant
Fig. PTP 100-B Constant
Fig. PTP 100-C Constant
Fig. PTP 100-D Constant
Fig. PTP 100-E Constant
Fig. PTP 100-F Constant
Fig. PTP 100-G Constant
Fig. PTP 100-U Constant
Fig. PTP 200-A Constant
Fig. PTP 200-B Constant
Fig. PTP 200-C Constant
Fig. PTP 200-D Constant
Fig. PTP 200-E Constant
Fig. PTP 200-F Constant
Fig. PTP 200-U Constant

Vibration Control & Sway Brace

Fig. 550 & Fig. 555: Sway Brace
Fig. 550A: Sway Brace
Fig. 550B: Sway Brace
Fig. 555A: Sway Brace
Fig. 555B: Sway Brace

Hydraulic Shock & Sway Suppressor
Mechanical Snubber
Sway Strut Assemblies

Fig. 2110: Sway Strut with 4" of Adjustment
Fig. 2120: Mini-Sway Strut
E-Takeout Table for Sway Strut Assemblies


Pipe Support Hardware

Pipe Clamps & Risers

Fig. 50: Light Two Bolt Pipe Clamp
Fig. 60: Heavy Two Bolt Pipe Clamp
Fig. 70: Light Three Bolt Pipe Clamp
Fig. 70A: Alloy Light Three Bolt Pipe Clamp
Fig. 80: Heavy Three Bolt Pipe Clamp
Fig. 90: Riser Clamp
Fig. 190: Fabricated Riser Clamp

Clevis Hangers

Fig. 2: Adjustable Band Hanger
Fig. 42: Yoke U-Bolt, Standard
Fig. 43: Yoke U-Bolt, Heavy Duty
Fig. 83: Adjustable Clevis Hanger
Fig. 89: Clevis Hanger for Insulated Lines
Fig. 195: Roller Hanger
Fig. 200: Trapeze Roller Hanger

Beam Attachments

Fig. 20: Welded Beam Attachment
Fig. 72: Welding Lug
Fig. 73: Concrete Clevis Plate
Fig. 74: Concrete Lug Plate
Fig. 75: Channel Assembly
Fig. 135: Malleable Beam Clamp
Fig. 140: Heavy Duty Beam Clamp
Fig. 270: Horizontal Travelers

Hardware, Rods, & U-bolts

Fig 30: Turnbuckle
Fig. 35: Rod Coupling
Fig. 40: Weldless Eye Nut
Fig. 91: Clevis Pin with Cotters
Fig. 92: Steel Washer Plate
Fig. 95: Steel Clevis
Fig. 100: Long Tangent U-Bolt
Fig. 100-IP - Long Tangent U-Bolt with Thermal Plastic Isolator (TPI) & Polyshrink
Fig. 110: Eye Rod (Welded)
Fig. 120: Eye Rod (Not Welded)
Fig. 122: All-Threaded Eye Rod
Fig. 126: Welded Linked Eye Rod
Fig. 127: Linked Eye Rod
Fig. 128: Hanger Rod, Thread Both Ends
Fig. 129: Hanger Rod, Thread One End

Saddle Supports

Fig. 46: Adjustable Pipe Saddle Support
Fig. 48: Pipe Saddle Support with U-Bolt
Fig. 182: Non-Metallic Pipe Wear Pad
Fig. 183: Insulation Protection Shield
Fig. 184: Pipe Covering Saddle fo 1" Insulation
Fig. 185: Pipe Covering Saddle for 1 1/2" Insulation
Fig. 186: Pipe Covering Saddle for 2" Insualtion
Fig. 187: Pipe Covering Saddle for 2 1/2" Insulation
Fig. 188: Pipe Covering Saddle for 3" Insulation
Fig. 189: Pipe Covering Saddle for 4" Insulation
Fig. 210: Pipe Roller Chair
Fig. 215: Adjustable Pipe Roll Support
Fig. 230: Pipe Roller Stand
Fig. 240: Adjustable Pipe Roller Stand
Fig. 260: Adjustable Pipe Elbow Support

Hold-Down Supports

Fig. PTP HD-1: Anchor Type 
Fig. PTP HD-2: Lateral Restraint Type
Fig. PTP HD-3: Arrestor Type


Pipe Shoes

Pipe Shoe Wizard
Shoes Which Require Field Welding

Fig. 98: T-Bar Without Cradle with Slide Plate
Fig. 100: T-Bar Cradle Support & Anchor
Fig. 200: T-Bar Cradle Support with Slide Plate
Fig. 300: T-Bar Cradle Support with Guides
Fig. 400: Double T-Bar Cradle Support & Anchor
Fig. 500: Double T-Bar Cradle Support with Slide Plate
Fig. 600: Double T-Bar Cradle Support with Guides

Shoes With No Field Welding

Fig. 700: U-Bolt Cradle Support with Slide Plate
Fig. 800: U-Bolt Cradle Support with Guides
Fig. 900: Bolt Cradle Support with Slide Plate
Fig. 1000: Bolt Cradle Support with Slide Plate
Fig. 1100: Bolt Cradle Support with Guides
Fig. 1200: Bolt Cradle Support with Guides & Slides
Fig. 1400: Pipe Shoe Clamp
Fig. 2000: Heavy Duty Pipe Saddles
Fig. 2000-S: Slide Bearing Details for Saddles
Fig. 6: Cylinder Pipe Guides (Spider Guides)

Insulated Supports

Fig. 4500: Hot Shoe
Fig. 4600: Cold Shoe
Fig. 4700: Shoe for Un-Insulated Cold Lines
Insulation Materials


Pre-Insulated Supports

Commercial and Light Industrial Cold Shoes
Base Mounted Pre-Insulated Pipe Supports
Pipe Anchors
Hanger Type Pipe Supports
Insulated Pipe Riser Clamps
Pipe Guides, Pipe Guide Straps, Pipe Guide U-Bolts

Slide Plates

PTFE, 25% Glass Filled
Bronzphite
Graphite
Standard Assembly

Misc. Fabrication

Instrument Supports

Cable Mounts
U-Bolt Mounts
Wall Mounts
Floor Mounts
Secondary Supports

Anchor Bolts & Embeds
Flow Products

Expansion Joints
References

Competitor Catalogs
Equivalency Charts
Anvil International to PT&P
Grinnell to PT&P 
Bergen-Power to PT&P
PT&P to Nibco
PT&P to Unison Co.
PT&P to Comet Pipe Supports
PT&P to Rilco
PT&P to Lisega
PT&P to Binder Group
PT&P to Cooper B-Line
PT&P to Power Piping
PT&P to Con-Slide
Fluorogold to PT&P
Glossary of Terms
Pictorial Index
Product Photos

 



 Figure Index  |  Pictorial Index  |  Pipingtech.com







Pipe Hanger and Support Catalog



 



















Engineered Spring Supports


Pipe Support Hardware


Pipe Shoes and Anchors


Slide Plates


Expansion Joints








Misc. Fabrication
Equivalency Charts
Terms of Sale
Standards and Specifications
Photo Index




 


Piping Technology and Products, Inc. has just recently revised and published a new version of our catalog to celebrate our 35th anniversary! 

Additional Drawings and Data Tables
Detailed Ordering Instructions 
New Product Additions 
Easy-to-follow pictorial Index.


To request your free copy today, simply fill out the online request form or contact us at
                    
                    (713) 731-0030 or Toll-Free: (800) 787-5914
                    or info@pipingtech.com 
 
or 
 
Download the Entire Catalog PDF Today





For more product information please see:










Expansion Joints 
                  Catalog
Instrument Supports 
                  Catalog
Pre-insulated Pipe 
                  Supports 
                  Catalog  
Product of the Week 
                Showcase (Version 1) 
Product of the Week 
                Showcase (Version 2) 
Product of the Week 
                  Showcase (Version 3) 


 

 






Return to pipingtech.com

Products















Engineered Spring Supports
Pipe Support Hardware
Pipe Shoes & Anchors
Slide Plates
Expansion Joints
Miscellaneous Fabrication
Equivalency Charts
Terms of Sale
Standards & Specifications
Pictorial Product Index
 


 

Download Entire Catalog PDF

Catalog Price Request










Fill out the request form to get your copy today!


 











Mailing: P.O. Box 34506, Houston, TX 77234-4506 Location: 3701   Holmes Road, Houston, TX 77051    
Our Subsidiaries: U.S. Bellows: Metallic & Fabric Expansion Joints, Bellows Sweco Fab: ASME Vessels, Pig Launchers, Spectacle Blinds
   Pipe Shields: Pre-Insulated Pipe Supports, Slides, Guides & Anchors

Fronek Anchor/Darling: Snubbers, Sway Struts & Sway Braces
Phone:
    (713) 731-0030 Toll-Free: (800) 787-5914
    FAX: (713) 731-8640 info@pipingtech.com 

©2017 Piping Technology and   Products, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us | Privacy   Policy





















About Piping Technology & Products, Inc. and Subsidiaries



Piping Technology & Products  Custom Designed Pipe Supports, Pipe Hangers, Expansion Joints, Pre-Insulated Supports, Side Plates and Snubbers  - Houston Texas








































Piping Technology & Products

Loading




 


  Experienced Manufacturer of Pipe Supports since 1978
Call Us: (713) 731-0030 Toll-Free: (800) 787-5914   Se habla espaĂąol
 























Home
About Us

Our Company
Facilities
Capabiltiies
Company Safety
Our Team
Our History

Products

Big Ton Spring Supports
Compact / Disc Spring Supports
Constant Spring Supports
Expansion Joints
FRP Wear Pad
Instrument Supports
Misc. Fabrication
Pipe Clamps
Pipe Shoes and Pipe Guides
Pipe Supports & Pipe Hangers

Beam Attachments
Clevis Hangers
Hardware, Rods, & U-Bolts
Hold-Down Pipe Clamps
Pipe Clamps
Pipe Saddle Supports

Pre-Insulated Pipe Supports

Cold Pipe Shoes (Cryogenic Supports)
Hot Pipe Shoes (High Temperature Supports)
Pipe Anchors (Cryogenic Supports)
Pipe Shields Pre-Insulated Supports Catalog

Slide Plates
Snubbers

Hydraulic Snubbers
Mechanical Snubbers

Sway Braces
Sway Struts
Variable Spring Supports

Product Photos

Anchor Bolts and Embeds Photos
Beam Attachment Photos
Big Ton Spring Support Photos
Clevis Hanger Photos
Cold Pipe Shoe Photos
Compact Disc Spring Photos
Constant Spring Photos
Field Service Photos
Field Service Expansion Joints Photos
Forged Clevis Photos
FRP Pipe Support Photos
Hold Down Photos
Hot Pipe Shoe Photos
Hydraulic Snubber Photos
Instrument Support Photos
Mechanical Snubber Photos
Miscellaneous Fabrication Photos
Pig Launcher Photos
Pipe Clamp Photos
Pipe Guide and Anchor Photos
Pipe Saddle Photos
Pipe Shoes Photos
Pressure Vessel Photos
Slide Plate Photos
Spectacle Blind Photos
Sway Brace Photos
Sway Strut Photos
Variable Spring Photos

Services

3D Printing
24x7 Quick-Turn
Field Services
Finite Element Analysis
Product Testing
Engineering & Design

Catalogs

Pipe Supports
Expansion Joint Catalog
Insulated Pipe Supports (Pipe Shields)
Instrument Supports
Catalog Request

Downloads

Spring Sizing Program
Vendor Cad Worksheets
Unit Converter
Pipe Hanger Design Software (PHDS)

Technical

Customer Portal
Installation & Maintenance Guides

Variable Spring Hangers
Constant Spring Hangers
Vibration Control & Sway Brace
Pre-Insulated Pipe Supports
Expansion Joints
Big Ton Springs
Slide Plates
Snubbers
FRP Wear Pads

Technical Bulletins

Pressure Balanced Expansion Joints
Heat Exchanger Shell Bellows
Bellows Fatigue Testing
High Temperature Furnace Seal Bag
FEA on Dual Hinged Expansion Joints
FEA on a Transition Piece
FEA: Exploring Plate Thickness
FEA Analysis on a Pipe Clamp
Temperature & Stress Analysis
Hydraulic Snubbers
Mechanical Snubbers
Hold-Down Pipe Clamps
Sizing a Variable Spring Support
Big Ton Spring Supports
Furnace Springs vs. Standard Springs
Bronzphite Slide Plates
Marinite Slide Plates
PTFE, 25% Glass Filled Slide Plates
Inspection & Maintenance of Supports
Corrosion Protection
Safety Alert for Spring Supports Installation
Polyurethane Foam
New Designs for High Temperature Line
Cryogenic Application Testing

Technical Articles

Importance of a Plant Walk Down
Suitability of Snubbers for Various Appliciations
Considering All Movement in Design
Variable Springs  vs Constant Springs
History of Insulated Pipe Supports
Snubbers: A General Overview
Vibration in a Piping System
Slide Plate Applications
Comparative Corrosion Resistance Guide

Technical Videos

Constant & Variable Spring Support Animation
How to Remove Travel Stops from a Variable
How to Remove Travel Stops from a Constant
Spring Loading Procedure
How to Adjust the Load and Height of a Big Ton
How to Install a D-Type Variable Spring Support
How to Inspect a Hydraulic Snubber
Solution for Removing Travel Stops at Heavy Loads
How to Install a Sway Strut
Slide Plate Inspection and Maintenance
New Polyurethane Foam Machine
Robotic Welding Machine

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Glossary of Terms
Standards & Specifications
PPSM Documentation

News

Newsletters
Products of the Week
Webinars
Employment
Community Events

Contact Us

Request a Quote
Request a Free Catalog
Subscribe to Our Enews
Emergency Request
International Agents

Blog
 

















ABOUT US
FACILITIES
CAPABILITIES
PT&P HISTORY



 ESPAÑOL

 
  DEUTSCH











CATALOG REQUEST  


E-MAIL THIS PAGE  


SUBSCRIBE  


 
 




 













 










Our Company










In business since 1978, Piping Technology & Products, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries  (U.S. Bellows, Inc., Sweco Fab, Inc., Pipe Shields, Inc., and Anchor Darling, Ent.) offer a wide range of engineered products and services for various industries and applications.
From engineered pipe supports, expansion joints, pre-insulated pipe supports, and miscellaneous fabrication to various engineering and technical services, PT&P has decades of experience providing products and services for all your engineering and construction needs.
PT&P strives to satisfy each customer's request from custom designed and engineered products to emergency situations in need of critical and time restricted attention. PT&P also continues to search for ways to increase customer satisfaction and quality. Through our value-added services such as 24x7 Field Services, product testing, stress analysis, and engineering & design services, PT&P is able to support our customers above and beyond expectations.


Our Team












 
 
 
 
 
Read More About Our Team





Founder Discusses Company History










                          History

Piping Technology & Products, Inc., was founded in 1978 by Durga Agrawal. A small company that started in his garage, grew over time into a company widely known as a one-stop-shop for pipe supports, expansion joints, shock control devices, and more. With the invention of the big ton spring and the development of the bolted spring hanger, Piping Technology learned to survive and prosper throughout economic highs and lows over the years. PT&P flourished in the boom of the late 70's and early 80's and weathered the economic down-turn that followed in the mid 80's. Over the years Piping Technology has expanded through the acquisitions of Sweco Fab, Fronek Anchor/Darling, Pipe Shields, and U.S. Bellows. 








Randy Bailey, Vice President of Piping Technology & Products
Invention of the Big Ton Spring
Loading a Constant Spring Support
Founder, Durga Agrawal with One of the First Big Roll Machines


 
 
 
Read the PT&P History Book





Milestones

Piping Technology & Products, Inc. has consisently grown over the years. Even when the economy was on a down-turn, PT&P faced adversity head-on and managed to continue to expand the company and generate additonal pipe support and expansion joint orders. With the growth of the company, Piping Technology had the opportunity to serve more customers and partner with leading companies in the industry. 





Community Involvement

Helping the community is a top priority at Piping Technology & Products. We have reached out the locals by providing school supplies for area children, serving food at community center events, sponsoring needy families around the holidays, and supporting local sports teams. Our company is committed to helping out our fellow community and looks forward to participating in future events.







Piping Technology Employees at Valentine's Day Social at Local Community Center
Backpacks for Children Donated by PT&P
Providing Food to the Local Community Center






                            Quality Statement

Piping Technology & Products, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiaries, U.S. Bellows, Inc., Sweco Fab, Inc., Pipe Shields, Inc., and Anchor Darling, Ent., are committed to the continuous improvement of our products and services. We understand the industry challenges we eagerly serve are not only our external customers but also our internal customers. Viewing ourselves as part of a team which includes our customers and suppliers, we understand our role in meeting the team's goal. We plan and execute our work to meet our customers' specifications. Working together we strive to "DO IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME."





Patents and Trademarks



U.S. Patent No. 7,213,790
                                Method and Apparatus for Supporting an Insulated Pipe


Company Structure








PIPING TECHNOLOGY & PRODUCTS, INC. 



















Company
Products
Certifications / Standards


Piping Technology & Products, Inc. 

Engineered Pipe Supports (variables, constants & big tons)  
Vibration Control Devices (mechanical/hydraulic snubbers, sway braces & sway struts)  
Pre-Insulated Pipe Supports (cold & hot applications) 

U.S. Patent Approved: Method and Apparatus for Supporting an Insulated Pipe


Fabricated Pipe Shoes, Anchors, and Guides  
Hold Down Clamps
                                     
Instrument Supports
                                     
Slide Bearing Plates
                                     
Anchor Bolts, Embed Plates
                                     
Support Assembly Components                                      
                                     
Miscellaneous Hardware  
 
              Member of SPED, and APFA, MSS SP-58, B31.1, B31.3, B31.4, ...



U.S. Bellows, Inc. 

Thin-Wall Metallic (single, hinged, gimbal, universal, elbow pressure balanced, in-line pressure balanced, externally balanced, toridal) 
                                   
Thick-wall
                                   
Slip-Type                                                                      
                                   
Rubber & Fabric  

Member of EJMA, ASME II


Sweco Fab, Inc.

Pressure Vessels
Pig Launchers / Receivers
Spectacle / Line Blinds 
Bellmouth Reducers
ASME/Miscellaneous Fabrication 

ASME U-Stamp, National Board R-Stamp, ASME VIII, DIV 1


Pipe Shields, Inc. 

Insulated Pipe Supports
Commercial & Light Industrial
Heavy Industrial - Based on Mounted, Anchors
Pipe Riser Clamps 

ISO 9001-2008 Certified 


Anchor Darling, Ent. 

Hydraulic Snubbers
                                      
Short Strut
Adjustable Strut


Mechanical Snubbers
dynA / Damp Compensating Strut 

ASME NS Stamp, ASME III, DIV 1















Mailing: P.O. Box 34506, Houston, TX 77234-4506 Location: 3701   Holmes Road, Houston, TX 77051    
Our Subsidiaries: U.S. Bellows: Metallic & Fabric Expansion Joints, Bellows Sweco Fab: ASME Vessels, Pig Launchers, Spectacle Blinds
   Pipe Shields: Pre-Insulated Pipe Supports, Slides, Guides & Anchors

Fronek Anchor/Darling: Snubbers, Sway Struts & Sway Braces
Phone:
    (713) 731-0030 Toll-Free: (800) 787-5914
    FAX: (713) 731-8640 info@pipingtech.com 

©2017 Piping Technology and   Products, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us | Privacy   Policy
















	Products & Services - Hanger, Inc.

































































































It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.




Contact Us
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
|
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
Visit the Hanger Clinic Site
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
|
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
RAC Audit Support
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            










About HangerCurrently selected
Patient CareProducts & Services Hanger by the NumbersBusiness Conduct and EthicsContact Us
Our History
The J.E. Hanger StoryToday and TomorrowHanger's History Timeline 
Doing Good
AMPOWER: Amputee Resource Center Amputee Coalition InitiativesHanger Kids Scholarship to Camp No LimitsHaiti ReliefThe Hanger Charitable Foundation
Investors
Corporate GovernanceCommitteesAnnual Stockholders MeetingManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsSEC FilingsInvestor FAQsInvestor Information RequestFinancial ReportsEmail AlertsStock QuoteCalendarConflict Minerals
NewsCareers
Search and Apply for JobsThe Hanger AdvantageEmployee StoriesBenefitsLearning OpportunitiesResidency ProgramCommunity InvolvementCareers FAQsEEO












About Hanger
Patient CareProducts & Services Currently selectedHanger by the NumbersBusiness Conduct and EthicsContact Us
Directions







Callout



​ 






Hanger > About Hanger > Products & Services 




                        
                        
                        Products & Services 
                        
                    
Page Intro​Hanger, Inc. has two core business segments – Patient Care and Products & Services. Each of Hanger's nine business units fit within one of these core business segments. Below is information about the Hanger's Products and Services segments: 











Box1
Southern Prosthetic Supply
As the world’s largest distributor of O&P products and services, SPS supplies clinics with the benefit of a strong manufacturer relationship and an ease of access to over 300,000 products. SPS also offers Materials Cost Management programs, Documentations Support and Clinical Services. With five strategically positioned locations nationwide, SPS delivers 1 or 2 day ground to 98% of all customers. It’s simple to say SPS is more than just distribution.   
LEARN MORE
Box2
Accelerated Care PlusPartnered with nearly 5,000 rehabilitation providers nationwide, Accelerated Care Plus​ (ACP) is the nation’s leader of Integrated Clinical Programs for post-acute and long-term care. Combining progressive medical technology, evidence-based clinical protocols and advanced therapist training, the programs are focused on conservative, cost-efficient treatment interventions that enhance outcomes for a broader patient population and more medically complex conditions.
LEARN MORE


Box3​SureFitMarking Hanger’s entry into the podiatric market, SureFit provides high-quality diabetic insoles, shoes, braces and supports, while also delivering unique compliance and service solutions. Its advanced fitting system has become the industry standard for therapeutic footwear programs. SureFit’s strong relationships with podiatrists are a synergistic fit with Hanger Clinic’s broad range of orthotic and prosthetic devices and services. LEARN MORE
Box4​Innovative NeurotronicsInnovative Neurotronics, Inc. develops and commercializes technologies cultivated through independent research in a collaborative effort with suppliers worldwide. A featured product is the WalkAide System, which utilizes electrical stimulation to restore mobility in patients with central nervous system disorders.LEARN MORE


Box5​SPS National LabsA nationwide resource for the provision of custom prosthetic and orthotic devices, SPS National Labs was created as an entity to share best manufacturing processes and to coordinate materials purchases.LEARN MORE
Box6


Box7
Box8


Box9
Box10


Page Content












BACK TO TOP
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            






Patient Care
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


Hanger Clinic
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


Linkia
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    




Products & Services
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


SPS
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


SPS National Labs
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


Accelerated Care Plus
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


Innovative Neurotronics
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


SureFit
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    




Follow Hanger, Inc.
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    






















Hanger, Inc. © 2015
                        
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
Contact Us
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
|
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
Terms of Use
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
|
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
Privacy Policy
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
|
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
Site Map
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                



















Hangar Technology Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























hangar technology inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Hangar Technology, Inc. designs and develops software solutions. The Company serves customers in the State of Texas.




Corporate Information
Address:

43 Water Front Avenue
Lakeway, TX 78734-5306
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.hangartechnology.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	Hanger, Inc.  -  Leader in O&P patient care and product distribution




































































































It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.




Contact Us
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
|
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
Visit the Hanger Clinic Site
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
|
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
RAC Audit Support
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            










About Hanger
Patient CareProducts & Services Hanger by the NumbersBusiness Conduct and EthicsContact Us
Our History
The J.E. Hanger StoryToday and TomorrowHanger's History Timeline 
Doing Good
AMPOWER: Amputee Resource Center Amputee Coalition InitiativesHanger Kids Scholarship to Camp No LimitsHaiti ReliefThe Hanger Charitable Foundation
Investors
Corporate GovernanceCommitteesAnnual Stockholders MeetingManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsSEC FilingsInvestor FAQsInvestor Information RequestFinancial ReportsEmail AlertsStock QuoteCalendarConflict Minerals
NewsCareers
Search and Apply for JobsThe Hanger AdvantageEmployee StoriesBenefitsLearning OpportunitiesResidency ProgramCommunity InvolvementCareers FAQsEEO






















Careers
Search and Apply for JobsThe Hanger AdvantageEmployee StoriesBenefitsLearning OpportunitiesResidency ProgramCommunity InvolvementCareers FAQsEEO
RecentCurrently selectedAbout Hanger
Patient CareProducts & Services Hanger by the NumbersBusiness Conduct and EthicsContact Us

















Hanger, Inc. delivers orthotic and prosthetic patient care, products, services, and therapeutic solutions that empower our patients, customers and partners. >>




Callout

  
 


  

 



LgPromo
150 Years of 
      Rehabilitative Innovation through Hanger
It all started with a cannonball. 18-year-old James Edward Hanger never saw it coming during the early hours of June 3, 1861 as he stood guard in Philippi, Virginia just before the first land battle of the American Civil War. He didn’t know it then, but this devastating injury and leg amputation would be the start of a grand legacy of revolutionary healthcare innovations. 
    

LEARN MORE ​






Hanger NewsHanger Clinic launches #AmputeeLifeHacks contestThursday, July 13, 2017READ MOREHanger Charitable Foundation awards $59,600 to 11 recipients in first round of giving in 2017Thursday, June 22, 2017READ MOREREAD MORE ARTICLES












Hello. You've reached Hanger, the leader in orthotic and prosthetic patient care, product distribution, and therapeutic solutions.  To help you find what you're looking for, please choose an option below:
                        




                                    
                                    
                                    Visit HangerClinic.com if you are interested in:Patient Care - prosthetic limbs, orthotic braces, and other solutionsFinding a Hanger Clinic location near youPatient success storiesPeer-to-peer patient mentoringNew patient informationThe latest on innovative technologies









                                    
                                    
                                    Visit Hanger.com if you are interested in:Learning about the parent company of Hanger ClinicCorporate and business unit informationHanger history and heritageBusiness partnershipsInvestor relationsEmployment opportunities
















BACK TO TOP
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            






Patient Care
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


Hanger Clinic
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


Linkia
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    




Products & Services
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


SPS
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


SPS National Labs
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


Accelerated Care Plus
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


Innovative Neurotronics
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


SureFit
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    




Follow Hanger, Inc.
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    






















Hanger, Inc. © 2015
                        
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
Contact Us
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
|
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
Terms of Use
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
|
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
Privacy Policy
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
|
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
Site Map
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                

















﻿

Board Opportunity With Hangar Technology, Inc.



























SALES:

1 (844) 490-6680



SUPPORT:

1 (415) 289-7115




 Login















Select Page



Executives


Companies


Board Search


VP & C-Suite Search




Insights


About


Testimonials


News and Press


About Us


Careers







SALES: 1 (844) 490-6680/a>


SUPPORT: 1 (415) 289-7115


 Login





























Board Opportunity With Hangar Technology, Inc.


 Home  Board of Directors Positions  Texas  Board Opportunity With Drone Automated Ecosystem Software Start-Up Company
















Board Opportunity With Drone Automated Ecosystem Software Start-Up Company
Hangar Technology, Inc.


Hangar is currently seeking executive board members with experience in Growth. Please submit your information through our candidate portal below for consideration.
Hangar is a software technology company focused on harnessing the opportunity presented by the mass-adoption of drone hardware and the market demand for the data these drones can provide.  Hangar integrates cutting-edge technology with existing drones to provide solutions across industries.
Hangar is currently seeking executive advisors with experience in Growth. Please submit your information through our candidate portal below for consideration.
Hangar is a software technology company focused on harnessing the opportunity presented by the mass-adoption of drone hardware and the market demand for the data these drones can provide.  Hangar integrates cutting-edge technology with existing drones to provide solutions across industries.








Recently Added Board of Directors Positions











Future Opportunity
Clear Peak has registered with ExecRank to begin to explore a preliminary search for board and advisory board candidates. At this time the company has yet to identify key details regarding their search criteria but is interested in vetting inter...












Board Opportunity
VHV Company is currently seeking executive board members with experience in Marketing and Sales. Please submit your information through our candidate portal below for consideration.
VHV Company, Inc. is a full service Mechanical construction contrac...












Advisory Board Opportunity
Margaretes Fine Chocolates Inc® is currently seeking executive advisors with experience in Sales and Marketing. Please submit your information through our candidate portal below for consideration.
Margaretes Fine Chocolates Inc® was formed M...












Board Opportunity
VME is currently seeking executive board members with experience in Fundraising, Growth, and Sales. Please submit your information through our candidate portal below for consideration.
In business since 1985, VME is a supplier of modular process sep...












Advisory Board Opportunity
Trust,Wrx, Inc. is seeking executive advisors with experience in Growth, Raising Capital, IoT, SaaS, Cyber Security, and Cloud Computing. We are seeking High-Tech Industry Luminaries in the Silicon Valley, CA area.  Please submit your ...












Advisory Board Opportunity
Mad Rabbit Studio is currently seeking executive advisors with experience in Growth and Sales. Please submit your information through our candidate portal below for consideration.
We are the best graphics studio for agencies, game developers, and fi...







Check If You're Qualified

Apply for this Opportunity
Get Personalized Recommendations
Start Elite Networking
Join Advisory Councils

Schedule A Call To Learn More


Recent Member Board Appointments












Ken Cochran to the Advisory Board of Business Team Solutions 













Steven Shaffer to the Advisory Board of Advance Research and Human Development (ARAHD) 













Nick Jones to the Advisory Board of 33rd Republic 













Michael Overturf to the Advisory Board of Business Team Solutions 













Harry Reifschnieder to the Board of Directors of Global Source Group 













Stephen George to the Board of Directors of American Patient Rights Association 













Gregory Smith to the Advisory Board of Studentnomic Limited 













Thomas Garr to the Advisory Board of Wobblebase, Inc. 













Ed Addison to the Board of Directors of Global Source Group 













Marvin Cooper to the Advisory Board of Blushup 













Michael Frendo to the Advisory Board of ScheduleOnce 













Mark Mears to the Board of Directors of Global Source Group 













Eric Tom to the Advisory Board of Eagle Technology Inc. 













Roy Adams to the Advisory Board of USADefense LLC 













Theodore Adams to the Advisory Board of 33rd Republic 













Art Suriano to the Board of Directors of Global Source Group 













Scott Roethle to the Advisory Board of Africa Integrative Medicine 













Stephen George to the Advisory Board of Founders Bay Technologies, Inc. 













Tim Carlsen to the Board of Directors of Global Source Group 













Jenifer Kranz to the Advisory Board of Glenbrook Studios LLC 













Lesley Sarkesian to the Board of Directors of Global Source Group 













Ken Paskins to the Advisory Board of Eagle Technology Inc. 













Jeff Cook to the Advisory Board of USADefense LLC 













Mike Eckstut to the Advisory Board of A2A Pharmaceuticals 













Darryl McDonald to the Board of Directors of Green Wish 













Jim Cheatham to the Board of Directors for The Sustainablecollective.co 













Garrett Koehn to the Advisory Board of 33rd Republic 













Gary Sumihiro to the Advisory Board of NeuroTek, LLC (Peak Achievement Training) 













Alex Rodriguez to the Board of Directors of Mack 9 Music Group, LLC 













Tim Thexton to the Advisory Board of EPTa Projects 













Maggie Harmon to the Advisory Board of The Sustainablecollective.co 













Dave Zinman to the Board of Directors of Entuso 













Susan Thomas to the Advisory Board of Optincall, Inc. 













Gary Kyle to the Advisory Board of Anti-Predator Project 













Thomas Chow to the Board of Directors of Cryptsonic, Inc. 













Pradeep Sethi to the Advisory Board of 33rd Republic 













Janet Bentley-Ewers to the Advisory Board of Peciaum Education Center for Finances 













Michael McVay to the Advisory Board of Creations Network TJ Ltd 













Dr. Robert Roser to the Board of Directors of Assured Science Exchange 













Jim Beltis to the Board of Directors of Mack 9 Music Group, LLC 













John Ebb to the Advisory Board of Optincall, Inc. 













Gwen Wong to the Board of Directors of Peciaum Education Center for Finances 













Garin Arevian to the Advisory Board of Appura Ltd. 













Larry Promisel to the Advisory Board of 33rd Republic 













Tom Garr to the Board of Directors of Entuso 













Sharon Buntain to the Advisory Board of The Foire 













Greg Scheessele to the Advisory Board of Tamaturra, Inc. 













Michael Harris to the Board of Directors of Customer Foresight Group, Ltd. 













Peter Hegele to the Advisory Board of Alocito, Inc. 













Gangadhar Kotte to the Advisory Board of Alocito, Inc. 













Mark Meier to the Board of Directors of Fairprice Commercial Inc. 













Jonathan Zalevsky to the Board of Directors of BioBlocks, Inc. 













Steve Anderson to the Advisory Board of Therapitas 













David Aglar to the Advisory Board of Ecodeo 













Thomas Humphries to the Board of Directors of Neurotez, Inc. 













Gerald Johnson to the Advisory Board of USADefense LLC 













Joseph Chiarelli to the Advisory Board of Neurotez, Inc. 













Keith Smith to the Advisory Board of CEBS WorldWide 













Terry S. Francis to the Board of Directors of Time to Put Kids First 













Keith Rager to the Board of Directors of Time to Put Kids First 













William Baumer to the Board of Directors of Time to Put Kids First 













Sam Thigpen to the Board of Directors of Time to Put Kids First 













Peter Mears to the Board of Directors of Time to Put Kids First 













Lori Malone to the Board Of Directors of Reichmann Intuit Projects 













Marc Mouhadeb to the Board Of Directors of Reichmann Intuit Projects 













Mark Robbins to the Board Of Directors of Reichmann Intuit Projects 













Michael Snodgrass to the Board of Directors of Time to Put Kids First 













Joel Schipper to the Advisory Board of Xbitalign 













Thomas Laur to the Advisory Board of Salu Design 













Lincoln Smith to the Advisory Board of Salu Design 













Kevin Hanegan to the Board Of Directors of GoLeanSixSigma 













Eric Tom to the Advisory Board of SoliPoints 













Abby DeMillo to the Advisory Board of Eleven 













Megan Steiner to the Advisory Board of Candy Queen Store 













Irina Agoulnik to the Board Of Directors of Assured Science Exchange 













Denise Gottfried to the Board Of Directors of The American Society of Plastic Surgeons 













Ken Shachmut to the Advisory Board of Founders Bay Technolgies 













Rick Colon to the Advisory Board of Alocito, Inc. 













Jim Kensinger to the Advisory Board of Alocito, Inc. 













Andrew Palowitch to the Board Of Directors of Realstir 













Art Suriano to the Advisory Board of Plushbeds, Inc. 













Tammy Martin to the Advisory Board of Heuristext Inc. 





ExecRank is revolutionizing how the 240 million companies in the world connect with advisors and board members. Every 4 minutes a new company or executive joins ExecRank, the largest global marketplace for advisors and board members. ExecRank's commitment to innovation in the board and advisory space has led to three patent-pending algorithms and processes that simplify the ability of companies of all sizes to access and utilize advisors and board members.





































 








Hangar: Providing Aerial Data Intelligence for Businesses






























 











 










 








Interested in aerial data? Contact us today. 

















Clients
About

About Hangar
Aerial Landscape


Industries

Construction
Commercial Real Estate
Enterprise
Architecture


Apps

Hangar 360
Autopilot
Airspace
Autoframe


 

Talk to A Team Member 








 






Hangar’s software stack brings insight-rich aerial intelligence to industrySchedule a Demo 











What do we do?
Hangar, the world’s first robotics-as-a-service data acquisition platform, helps firms dramatically increase efficiency, showcase content and integrate more actionable insights into their workflows.

Hundreds of Hangar clients manage portfolios, track projects, and showcase property locations with our premium aerial data software products, all without having to handle any of the logistics of owning, acquiring, flying or editing the data from drones.
 





 
























The Hangar Experience Our complete data acquisition solutions empower Hangar clients to leverage a nation-wide network of licensed, insured pilots to capture projects of all scopes, with post-processing executed in the Hangar cloud.  This is the foundation of the Hangar platform, which delivers insight-rich products built to drive ROI to our customers. 











 





We don’t stop there, we’re on the ground and in the office with our clients,
building and tuning the interfaces that bring you value.
With Hangar you can see your data organized, with context and even over-time.
All without any in-house acquisition, logistics or processing.
Best of all, we’re just getting started.
Schedule a Demo 




 









 


Hangar for Construction


Learn how Hangar can help you manage more efficient construction projects 













 


About Hangar


Find out how Hangar is building an automated platform technology for enterprise solutions. 













 


Commercial Real Estate 


Discover new Aerial Content marketing solutions for your commercial properties.

















The Future?
A deep-learning empowered data world that will transform industry insight acquisition and save clients billions. 
Sign up and follow our vision as it unfolds.
 









						Follow Us					










 






Stay Up To DateSign up for the Hangar newsletter.





						Subscribe					










About HangarHangar, the world’s first robotics-as-a-service data acquisition platform, helps firms dramatically increase efficiency, showcase content and integrate more actionable insights into their workflows.  Hundreds of Hangar clients manage portfolios, track projects, and showcase property locations with our premium aerial data software products, all without having to handle any of the logistics of owning, acquiring, flying or editing the data from drones.   
Contactsales@hangar.com       support@hangar.com
 





ResourcesNews
Beta
Careers
Data Types
Safety and Compliance
Partnerships
Privacy Policy
Follow UsFacebookTwitterInstagram 





© 2017 Hangar Technology Inc  |  All rights reserved.  






TOP
















Hangar 360 Mobile App | Hangar






























 











 










 








Interested in aerial data? Contact us today. 

















Clients
About

About Hangar
Aerial Landscape


Industries

Construction
Commercial Real Estate
Enterprise
Architecture


Apps

Hangar 360
Autopilot
Airspace
Autoframe


 

Talk to A Team Member 








 






 











 





What is Hangar 360?
Hangar 360 is a piece of Hangar’s vision for the future, a proof-of-concept for end to end autonomous data capture, processing, and delivery.   Our core mission at Hangar is to build a software platform for aerial data capture, processing and delivery to industry and the technology behind Hangar 360 was developed as part of this. But we don’t want to limit our development applications to just business, we believe in empowering users in every segment of the drone ecosystem.  Download now to experience Hangar's technology for yourself. 
 





 




 






 Our technology team builds cutting edge aerial products
 









Click, Drag and Experience a Hangar Aerial 360™ Photo




 






 




 






 





About the App
Hangar 360 is a free app for drone users that allows you to easily create and share interactive 360 degree photos for use on mobile or desktop.  Hangar 360 autonomously flies your DJI drone, captures the required aerial images, allows for one-touch upload to the Hangar cloud for processing, and delivers a fully stitched 360 image link back to you.
Hangar 360 automatically creates interactive aerial 360 images that work on mobile and desktop, including zoom, gyro device control, touch swiping and more. No more complicated, unwieldy stitching software and huge files.  Hangar automatically stitches your photos in the cloud and delivers it back to you for easy viewing and sharing, including direct image posting to Facebook.
Hangar 360 is compatible with the DJI Phantom 3 (Standard, 4k, Advanced, Pro), Phantom 4, Inspire 1, and Mavic Pro.
 











Perform Safety Check
 





Fly & Gather Photos
 





Send to Hangar
 





Enjoy and Share
 




 






Capture 360 Photos Anywhere
With the Hangar 360 app, you can take interactive photos from anywhere. Just set your drone down, perform a quick safety check, and let Hangar do the rest.  Your drone will automatically fly up to 300ft and start taking the necessary photos for your interactive 360 photo. You can also set the drone to take a 360 from any point you fly to while in the air. When the photo capture finishes, you can land the drone or keep flying. Once on the ground, transfer your captured images with a few clicks from the app to the Hangar cloud, and get a stunning 360 photo link back within minutes! You can share the photo directly to Facebook or other social media sites using the 
Hangar 360 is entirely free, with no usage limits.
Check out some of our favorite 360 Photos below! 
 













 



 













FAQs 





Terms 





Tutorial 












Subscribe to News and Updates




						Sign Up					










 






Stay Up To DateSign up for the Hangar newsletter.





						Subscribe					










About HangarHangar, the world’s first robotics-as-a-service data acquisition platform, helps firms dramatically increase efficiency, showcase content and integrate more actionable insights into their workflows.  Hundreds of Hangar clients manage portfolios, track projects, and showcase property locations with our premium aerial data software products, all without having to handle any of the logistics of owning, acquiring, flying or editing the data from drones.   
Contactsales@hangar.com       support@hangar.com
 





ResourcesNews
Beta
Careers
Data Types
Safety and Compliance
Partnerships
Privacy Policy
Follow UsFacebookTwitterInstagram 





© 2017 Hangar Technology Inc  |  All rights reserved.  






TOP











