    Ashraf Hanna | RHI AG | ZoomInfo.com





Find a Doctor, Dentist or Hospital Reviews, UCompareHealthCare





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 








Welcome
About





Search and Compare for Better Care







Click any of the search examples below
Dentists in Houston, TX
Podiatrists in New York, New York
Emergency Medicine in Jackson, MS







5.5+
Million  Ratings

read reviews


50+
Thousand  Pharmacies

search pharmacies


1.0+
Million  Professionals

search doctors


6+
Thousand  Hospitals

search hospitals











ADVERTISEMENT



















 








Find Doctors by Specialty





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						
Doctors

				 > 						Specialties









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT















Find Doctors by Specialty



A 

Adolescent Medicine Physicians
Allergists and Immunologists
Anesthesiologists


B 

Bariatric Physicians


C 

Cardiologists
Cardiovascular Disease Physicians
Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiologists
Colorectal Surgeons (Proctologists)
Critical Care Physicians


D 

Dermatologists
Diagnostic Radiologists


E 

Emergency Medicine Physicians
Endocrinologists


F 

Family Practice Physicians


G 

Gastroenterologists
General Practice Physicians
General Surgeons
Geriatric Medicine Physicians
Gynecologists
Gynecologists / Oncologists


H 

Hematologists / Oncologists
Hospitalists


I 

Infectious Disease Physicians
Internal Medicine Physicians
Interventional Cardiologists


M 

Medical Oncologists


N 

Nephrologists
Neurologists
Neurosurgeons


O 

Obstetricians / Gynecologists
Ophthalmologists
Orthopedic Spine Surgeons
Orthopedic Surgeons
Otolaryngologists


P 

Pain Management Physicians
Pediatric Cardiologists
Pediatricians
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Physicians
Plastic Surgeons
Psychiatrists
Pulmonary Disease Physicians


R 

Radiation Oncologists
Radiologists
Rheumatologists


S 

Hand Surgeons
Sleep Medicine Specialists
Sports Medicine Specialists


T 

Thoracic Surgeons


U 

Urologists


V 

Vascular Surgeons















ADVERTISEMENT



















ADVERTISEMENT



















 









Ashraf Hanna - Chief Executive Officer & Director at ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Ashraf Hanna
Chief Executive Officer & Director at ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Ashraf Hanna
Chief Executive Officer & Director at ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



 Overview



Age



49
                                  (Born 1968)
                                              




Notable Companies


GENENTECH FOUNDATION

ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,140 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
May 17, 2017





                        CBS News Features New Breakthrough Crohn's Disease Treatment With IV Ketamine By Dr. Ashraf Hanna                    





PR Newswire
January 17, 2017





                        CBS News Features Amazing New Rheumatoid Arthritis Treatment With IV Ketamine By Dr. Ashraf Hanna                    





PR Newswire
October 19, 2016





                        CBS News Features Dr. Ashraf Hanna - Breakthrough Treatment Helps a Wheelchair Bound Patient with Inclusion Body Myositis Walk Again                    





City A.M.
September 23, 2016





                        The best of Decorex 2016                    





PR Newswire
June 17, 2016





                        CBS News Features Dr. Ashraf Hanna From The Florida Spine Institute Discussing How to Manage Pain From Back Injuries and Car Accidents                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Mark Heffernan

Chief Executive Officer at Nexvet Biopharma Plc




Joseph S. McCracken

Former Vice President, Global Head-Business Development & Licensing at Hoffmann-La Roche, Inc.





Charles L. Sawyers

Scientific Founder at Blueprint Medicines Corp.




Scott W. Lowe

Scientific Founder at Blueprint Medicines Corp.





John Payne

President & Chief Executive Officer at Veterinary Specialists of North America LLC




Cormac G. Kilty

Chief Executive Officer at Diasorin Ireland Ltd.





Graeme David Wald

Investment Director at BioScience Managers Pty Ltd




Chris Brown

Professional at Gibbs Hill Pty Ltd.





Richard Heyman

Scientific Founder at Metacrine, Inc.




Rajiv A. Patel

Managing Member San Francisco (Credit) at Farallon Capital Management LLC







See 1,130 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,130 More 


 


 Paths to Ashraf Hanna



            Ashraf Hanna          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Ashraf Hanna






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Ashraf Hanna.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Medical Degree 


University of Massachusetts - Amherst

                  UMass Amherst, the flagship campus of the University of Massachusetts system, sits on nearly 1,450-acres in the scenic Pioneer Valley of Western Massachusetts, 90 miles from Boston and 175 miles from New York City. The campus provides a rich cultural environment in a rural setting close to major urban centers.                




Bachelor of Arts Degree in Physics 


The University of Chicago

                  The University of Chicago's Office of Investments (COI) is responsible for managing the University's investment assets, which includes overseeing the endowment to ensure that it benefits both current and future generations of the University of Chicago. COI oversees the broad investment strategy and provides input to the development of the strategic and tactical investment policies of the University & UCMC endowments, pension plans and self-insurance trust assets. Their strategy combines qualitative and quantitative analysis, seeking to achieve superior investment performance on a risk-adjusted basis. COI's approach seeks to evaluate the investment strategy as an integrated part of the operating plans of the University rather than in isolation and focuses the the University's overall success, not investment returns. The endowment is well-diversified across a variety of asset classes, including global stocks and bonds, real estate, natural resources, private equity, absolute return strategies and protection (tail-hedging strategies). Asset class exposure is achieved primarily by selecting and engaging external managers. COI manages the global macro and the overlay portfolio to ensure that the portfolio’s overall positioning is compliance with the endowment's investment guidelines. COI's strategies for investing in the public markets include: Absolute Return, Private Debt, Fixed Income and Credit. and Global Equities. COI's real assets team invests globally in real estate and natural resources using outside managers. The real estate portfolio invests globally in value-added and opportunistic strategies using both private partnerships and public vehicles. The natural resources portfolio invests globally in strategies that include, but are not limited to: oil and gas exploration & production; power generation; infrastructure; timber; mining and minerals; and agriculture.                




 


Harvard University

                  Harvard was established in 1636, and it is the oldest institution of higher education in the United States. The University, which is based in Cambridge and Boston, Massachusetts, has an enrollment of over 20,000 degree candidates, including undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The University has twelve degree-granting Schools in addition to the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer & Director

                                    2016 - Current                


ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Oric Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops pharmaceutical products. The firm discovers and develops novel therapies for treatment-resistant of cancers. It often develops resistance to current drugs. The company was founded by Charles Sawyers and Scott Lowe in 2014 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, CA.                




Vice President-Commercial & Medical Affairs Finance

                                    2006 - 2016                


Genentech, Inc.


                  Genentech, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceutical products for life-threatening medical conditions. It studies various areas including oncology, immunology, neuroscience, ophthalmic diseases, microbial pathogenesis, metabolic diseases, cardiovascular diseases and opportunistic areas. The company was founded by Herbert W. Boyer and Robert A. Swanson in 1976 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, CA.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    2006 - 2009                


GENENTECH FOUNDATION






Vice President-Strategic Planning

                                    2001 - 2005                


Tanox, Inc.


                  Tanox, Inc engages in the discovery and development of therapeutic monoclonal antibodies in the areas of asthma, allergy, inflammation, other diseases affecting the human immune system, and infectious diseases. Its product, Xolair (omalizumab), is used for treatment of adults and adolescents with moderate-to-severe persistent asthma                




Engagement Manager

                                    1992 - 1996                


McKinsey & Co., Inc.


                  McKinsey & Co., Inc. provides management consulting services. Its areas of expertise include business technology, corporate finance, marketing and sales, operations, organizational risk and strategy planning, sustainability, and resource productivity. It offers advisory and analytical consulting solutions to commercial and industrial sectors such as electronics, aerospace, automotive, chemicals, media and entertainment, pharmaceuticals, medical, investment, telecommunications, transportation, and logistics. The company was founded by James O. McKinsey in 1926 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Research Associate

                                    Prior                


Harvard University


                  Harvard was established in 1636, and it is the oldest institution of higher education in the United States. The University, which is based in Cambridge and Boston, Massachusetts, has an enrollment of over 20,000 degree candidates, including undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The University has twelve degree-granting Schools in addition to the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.                




Medical Resident

                                    Prior                


MetroWest Medical Center


                  Part of Tenet Healthcare Corp., MetroWest Medical Center is an American company located in Framingham, MA, that operates hospitals.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chief Executive Officer & Director

                    2016 - Current                  


ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    Oric Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops pharmaceutical products. The firm discovers and develops novel therapies for treatment-resistant of cancers. It often develops resistance to current drugs. The company was founded by Charles Sawyers and Scott Lowe in 2014 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, CA.                  




Independent Director

                    2014 - Current                  


Nexvet Biopharma Plc

                    Nexvet Biopharma PLC operates as a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, which engages in the development and commercialization of novel, specific biologics based on human biologics for companion animals. Its product candidates include NV-01, a monoclonal antibody (MAB) that targets and inhibits the function of nerve growth factor (NGF) for the control of pain associated with osteoarthritis in dogs; NV-02, a MAB that is an NGF inhibitor for the control of pain associated with degenerative joint disease, including osteoarthritis in cats; and NV-08, a fusion protein that is a tumor necrosis factor inhibitor for the treatment of chronic inflammatory diseases comprising atopic dermatitis in dogs. The company was founded in September 2014 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.                  




Non-Executive Director

                    2014 - Current                  


Nexvet Australia Pty Ltd.

                    Nexvet Australia Pty Ltd. operates as a global clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that develops and distributes medicines for companion animals. The firm focuses on transforming the therapeutic market by developing and commercializing novel biologic therapies, including products derived from its PETization technology. PETization is designed to rapidly create monoclonal antibodies that are recognized as “self” by a patient’s immune system. The company was founded by Mark Heffernan, Christopher Nigel Brown and David Gearing in February 2010 and is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Ashraf Hanna is affiliated with
                            ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Genentech, Inc., GENENTECH FOUNDATION, Tanox, Inc., McKinsey & Co., Inc., Harvard University, MetroWest Medical Center, ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Nexvet Biopharma Plc, Nexvet Australia Pty Ltd..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











HANNA ASHRAF - ORLANDO, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



ORLANDO



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            HANNA ASHRAF
                                    



 





















H 


HANNA ASHRAF
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



10656 VINEYARD DR A207 ORLANDO, FL 32821
Get Directions



(407) 655-8424





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Hanna Ashraf was founded in 2010, and is located at 10656 Vineyard Dr A207 in Orlando. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 




    Gathering

    

    

    
      – Racheline Michaels Contemporary Ceramics
    
  














































sSearch














s












          
            Home
          
        



          
            Artists
          
        


Natasha Daintry


Tanya Gomez


Ashraf Hanna


Paul Philp


David Roberts


Kate Schuricht


Julian Stair


Annie Turner


Matthew Warner


Exteriors


James Oughtibridge 







          
            Exhibitions
          
        



          
            Commissions
          
        


Natasha Daintry


Ashraf Hanna


Kate Schuricht


Julian Stair





          
            About
          
        





Home
/ Collections / Ashraf Hanna
/ Gathering



Racheline Michaels Contemporary Ceramics
Gathering
 $0.00


Tweet
























lView fullsize image


jEmail us about this product




Racheline Michaels Contemporary Ceramics
Gathering

 $0.00



Tweet





















Group of white vessels with grey interiors.
Console 145cm x 40cm (AH22)
Tallest piece 60cm




More from this artist 







Storm Beach
 $0.00








Two Bowl Forms
 $0.00








Two Vessel Forms
 $0.00








Two Leaning Vessels
 $0.00








v



























Genentech: Press Releases | Genentech Announces Vice President Appointments in Commercial Operations, Corporate Information Technology, Product Development and Product Operations









































Search





Contact Us





About Us












For Scientists


For Medical Professionals


For Patients


For Media


For Good


Now Hiring







Media /
                Press Releases












Attention: This page may not render properly. The browser you are using, Internet Explorer 10, is no longer supported.











Media Inquiries
(650) 467-6800








                        Print
                    








Media /
                Press Releases


Monday, Jan 9, 2006
Genentech Announces Vice President Appointments in Commercial Operations, Corporate Information Technology, Product Development and Product Operations
 South San Francisco, Calif. -- January 9, 2006 --                     Genentech, Inc. (NYSE: DNA) today announced six vice president appointments: Jennifer Cook to vice president, Market Development; Ashraf Hanna, Ph.D., to vice president, Alliance Management and Pipeline Strategy Support; Ann L. Lee, Ph.D., to vice president, Process Development; James P. Miller to vice president, South San Francisco Biochemical Manufacturing; Quinton C. Oswald to vice president, Sales and Marketing, Tissue Growth and Repair; and Robert S. Quinn to vice president,  CIT Business and Science Applications.
 

Jennifer Cook
Vice President, Market Development


Jennifer Cook, 40, has been promoted to the newly created position of vice president, Market Development, reporting to Ian T. Clark, executive vice president, Commercial Operations. In her new role, Cook will be responsible for managing five distinct organizations: Market Planning, Forecasting and Business Analysis, Pricing and Publication Strategy, International Operations and Commercial Communications. 



Cook worked at Genentech in pre-clinical development from 1987 to 1992. She was then employed by Prizm Pharmaceuticals in product development, business development and project management before rejoining Genentech in 1997. Since 1997, Cook has held positions of increasing responsibility in the Commercial Operations group, most recently serving as the senior director, Market Development.



Cook holds a Bachelor of Arts in Human Biology and a Master of Science in Biology from Stanford University as well as a Master of Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley. 


Ashraf Hanna, M.D., Ph.D.
Vice President, Alliance Management and Pipeline Strategy Support


Ashraf Hanna, 38, will join Genentech this month in a newly created position as vice president, Alliance Management and Pipeline Strategy Support, reporting to Susan Desmond-Hellmann, M.D., M.P.H., president, Product Development. Working with Business Development, the Project Portfolio Management Group, and Research and Development, Hanna will be responsible for establishing, implementing and evaluating alliance management strategy and process.



Prior to joining Genentech, Hanna was vice president at Tanox, with responsibilities for strategic planning and business development. Prior to that, Hanna worked for McKinsey and Company and was a medical resident at Metrowest Medical Center. 



Hanna holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Physics from the University of Chicago, a doctorate in Physics from Harvard University and a medical degree from the University of Massachusetts Medical School.


Ann L. Lee, Ph.D.
Vice President, Process Development


Ann Lee, 44, joined Genentech in September 2005 as vice president, Process Development and is responsible for the development, implementation and support of clinical and commercial production processes and technologies, reporting to Patrick Y. Yang, Ph.D., executive vice president, Product Operations.



Lee joins Genentech from Merck & Company, where she held several senior leadership positions in vaccine development in the Merck Research Laboratories and served most recently, as vice president, Chemical Technology and Engineering in the manufacturing division.



Lee holds a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from Cornell University. She also earned a Master of Science in Chemical Engineering and a doctorate in Engineering and Applied Sciences from Yale University.


James P. Miller
South San Francisco Biochemical Manufacturing


James Miller, 47, joined Genentech in December 2005 as vice president, South San Francisco Biochemical Manufacturing, reporting to Timothy L. Moore, vice president, South San Francisco Manufacturing. Miller will be responsible for the production of clinical and commercial proteins using recombinant and bacterial cell technology.



Miller joins Genentech from Centocor Biologics, a division of Johnson & Johnson, where he most recently served as General Manager. Miller has held executive and senior positions at Wyeth and Chiron Corporation, as well as a variety of manufacturing positions at Invitron Corporation, Lever Brothers Company and Schering-Plough Corporation.



Miller holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of Missouri.


Quinton C. Oswald
Vice President, Sales and Marketing, Tissue Growth and Repair


Quinton Oswald, 55, joined Genentech December 2005 in the newly created position of vice president, Sales and Marketing, Tissue Growth and Repair, reporting to Ian T. Clark, executive vice president, Commercial Operations. In this role, Oswald will be responsible for sales and marketing for four distinct operating groups: Lucentis, Lytics, Nutropin and Pulmozyme. 



Oswald joins Genentech from Novartis, where he held several leadership positions, including, most recently, senior vice president, Novartis Ophthalmics North America. While at Novartis, he also held senior vice president roles in Global Marketing and Sales Operations, as well as Global Sales. Prior, Oswald was president, Latin America and Canada Worldwide Medicines Group at 
Bristol-Myers Squibb. 



Oswald was educated in South Africa.


Robert S. Quinn
Vice President, CIT Business and Science Applications


Robert Quinn, 49, joined Genentech in December 2005 as vice president, CIT Business and Science Applications, reporting to Todd Pierce, vice president, Corporate Information Technology. In this newly created position, Quinn will focus on a variety of IT solutions to support the company's Corporate and Commercial Functions, and Research and Development.  Additionally, he will be responsible for building Genentech's enterprise IT systems and improving business processes.



Quinn joins Genentech from KLA-Tencor, where he served as vice president and chief information officer. Prior, Quinn held executive and senior positions at Portera Systems, eBay, and Sun Microsystems. 



Quinn holds Bachelor of Arts degrees in Economics and Accounting from Baldwin-Wallace College.


About Genentech
Genentech is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures, and commercializes biotherapeutics for significant unmet medical needs. A considerable number of the currently approved biotechnology products originated from, or are based on, Genentech science. Genentech manufactures and commercializes multiple biotechnology products directly in the United States, and receives royalties or other income from companies that are licensed to market its products outside of the United States. The company has headquarters in South San Francisco, Calif., and is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DNA. For additional information about the company, please visit http://www.gene.com.

                






Our Pipeline

Our pipeline includes new molecular entities that address serious unmet medical needs.




Approvals Timeline

A look at our approvals past and present.















 Feedback?
                    

Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.


“

                    The important thing in science is not so much to obtain new facts as to discover new ways of thinking about them.
                
”
– William Lawrence Bragg











Connect with us












































Find a Doctor - Compare Reviews





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						Doctors









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Find a Doctor




Browse by Top Specialties



Allergy / Immunology
Anesthesiology
Cardiology
Colorectal Surgery (formerly Proctology)
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Family Practice
Gastroenterology
General Practice
General Surgery
Geriatric Medicine
Hand Surgery
Infectious Disease
Internal Medicine
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Obstetrics & Gynecology
Ophthalmology
Orthopedic Surgery
Otolaryngology
Pain Management
Pathology
Pediatric Medicine
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Plastic Surgery
Psychiatry
Pulmonary Disease
Radiology
Rheumatology
Thoracic Surgery
Urology








Browse by Top Cities



Alabama



Birmingham




Alaska






Arizona



Phoenix

Tucson




Arkansas






California



Los Angeles

Sacramento

San Diego

San Francisco




Colorado



Denver




Connecticut






Delaware






Washington DC



Washington




Florida



Jacksonville

Miami

Orlando

Tampa




Georgia



Atlanta




Hawaii






Idaho






Illinois



Chicago




Indiana



Indianapolis




Iowa






Kansas






Kentucky



Louisville




Louisiana






Maine






Maryland



Baltimore




Massachusetts



Boston




Michigan






Minnesota



Minneapolis

Saint Paul




Mississippi






Missouri



Kansas City

Saint Louis




Montana






Nebraska



Omaha




Nevada



Las Vegas




New Hampshire






New Jersey






New Mexico



Albuquerque




New York



Bronx

Brooklyn

Buffalo

New York

Rochester




North Carolina



Charlotte




North Dakota






Ohio



Cincinnati

Cleveland

Columbus

Dayton




Oklahoma



Oklahoma City

Tulsa




Oregon



Portland




Pennsylvania



Philadelphia

Pittsburgh




Rhode Island






South Carolina






South Dakota






Tennessee



Nashville




Texas



Austin

Dallas

Fort Worth

Houston

San Antonio




Utah



Salt Lake City




Vermont






Virginia






Washington



Seattle




West Virginia






Wisconsin



Milwaukee




Wyoming



































ADVERTISEMENT










The UCompareHealthCare website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through UCompareHealthCare should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. UCompareHealthCare does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Use.







ADVERTISEMENT










 








ADVERTISEMENT



















 




