    Jorgen Hansen | Cantel Medical Corp. | ZoomInfo.com
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Jorgen B Hansen - Princeton, NJ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jorgen B Hansen in Princeton, NJ


Jorgen B Hansen

                                                                           Intelius found that Jorgen B Hansen  is  a male between 60 and 60 years old from Princeton, NJ.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

John B Hansen


Get Report Now

Age

Jorgen B Hansen is in his 60s

Jorgen Has Lived In

Princeton, NJ
Parlin, NJ
Lincroft, NJ

Jorgen's Relatives

Susan Hansen
Christine Hansen
Tove Hansen
Thomas Hansen







Jorgen B Hansen



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
President and Chief Operating Officer at Cantel Medical Corp.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jorgen? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jorgen, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jorgen B Hansen
Get a Criminal Check on Jorgen B Hansen
Get a Public Record Report on Jorgen B Hansen
Get a People Search Report on Jorgen B Hansen


Jorgen B Hansen's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jorgen B Hansen has lived as well as Jorgen B Hansen's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jorgen B Hansen Has Lived in 2 States
New Jersey Address for Jorgen B Hansen


136 B******* D* 

Princeton, NJ


Has Lived In

Princeton, NJ
Parlin, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jorgen B Hansen

(609) ***-**** - Princeton, NJ 
(908) ***-**** - Skillman, NJ 
(973) ***-**** - Little Falls, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jorgen B Hansen

j***********n@***.com
j*****n@***.com
j*****n@***.com


Get Email Report




Jorgen B Hansen's Professional Information
Information regarding Jorgen B Hansen's professional history.  Find out previous places Jorgen B Hansen has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jorgen B Hansen Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Cantel Medical Corp.
               Title: President and Chief Operating Officer
Company: EDS ConvaTec
               Title: Global Vice President Sales and Marketing
Jorgen B Hansen's Experience
Title: President and Chief Operating Officer
               Company: Cantel Medical Corp.
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000. Cantel Medical is a leading global company dedicated to delivering innovative infection prevention products and services for patients, caregivers, and other healthcare providers which improve outcomes, enhance safety and help save lives. Our products include specialized medical device reprocessing systems for endoscopy and renal dialysis, advanced water purification equipment, sterilants, disinfectants and cleaners, sterility assurance monitoring products for hospitals and dental clinics, disposable infection control products primarily for dental and GI endoscopy markets, dialysate concentrates, hollow fiber membrane filtration and separation products. Additionally, we provide technical service for our products.
Title: Global Vice President Sales and Marketing
               Company: EDS ConvaTec
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil
Additional Professional Information on Jorgen B Hansen

 See Jorgen B Hansen's LinkedIn Profile



Jorgen B Hansen's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jorgen B Hansen


Jorgen B Hansen's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jorgen B Hansen's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jorgen Hansen
Username Matches

                  JorgenHansen
                  HansenJorgen
                  Jorgen.Hansen
                  Hansen.Jorgen
                  Jorgen_Hansen
                  Hansen_Jorgen
                  Jorgen-Hansen
                  Hansen-Jorgen
                  JHansen
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Hansen







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Cantel Medical Names Jorgen B. Hansen as New President and CEO (NYSE:CMD)































 






Aug 1, 2016



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF


Cantel Medical Names Jorgen B. Hansen as New President and CEO


LITTLE FALLS, N.J., Aug. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. (NYSE: CMN) announced today the appointment of Jorgen B. Hansen as the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, effective today, consistent with the Company's long-term CEO succession plan. Mr. Hansen also will become a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Hansen succeeds Andrew A. Krakauer, who will serve as a Senior Advisor for the Company until October 15, 2016. 
Charles M. Diker, Cantel's Chairman of the Board, stated, "We brought Jorgen Hansen to Cantel nearly four years ago. He's a dynamic, experienced leader in the medical device industry who has clearly demonstrated strong leadership and the vision necessary to achieve our full potential. In addition to leading the day-to-day operations for the Company, Jorgen played a key role in the development of our strategic plan including our expansion in international markets and the successful completion of 12 acquisitions. All of these accomplishments have reinforced our confidence in Jorgen's ability to lead the Company as Chief Executive Officer."
Mr. Diker added "I also would like to thank Andy Krakauer for his exceptional service to the Company over the past 12 years. He has been an outstanding leader who helped Cantel achieve exceptional success during his tenure. His contributions and experience in the medical device industry have been invaluable to the Company."  
Mr. Hansen joined Cantel in November 2012 as EVP and COO, and was appointed to President and COO in November 2014.  He also served as President and CEO of Cantel's Endoscopy business unit, the Company's largest division, from November 2012 to July 2015. Prior to joining Cantel, Mr. Hansen held leadership positions with increasing responsibility in the global medical device industry. He worked at ConvaTec from May 2009 - November 2012, most recently as Senior Vice President, Global Marketing, Business Development, Science and Innovation. Mr. Hansen joined ConvaTec from Coloplast, where he held various leadership roles over a 13-year period in Asia and Europe, ranging from General Manager, Division Head and Senior Vice President of Global Operations. He received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering from Denmark Technical University, and an International Commerce degree from the Copenhagen Business School in Denmark.
"I am honored to be appointed as Cantel's CEO and lead this exciting company and talented team," said Mr. Hansen. "I would like to thank Mr. Diker and the Board for this opportunity, and as CEO, I will continue to pursue Cantel's vision to be the global leader in infection prevention. We will do this by executing on our business priorities focused on new products, market expansion and M&A, supported by continuous improvement." 
About Cantel MedicalCantel Medical is a leading global company dedicated to delivering innovative infection prevention products and services for patients, caregivers, and other healthcare providers which improve outcomes, enhance safety and help save lives. Our products include specialized medical device reprocessing systems for endoscopy and renal dialysis, advanced water purification equipment, sterilants, disinfectants and cleaners, sterility assurance monitoring products for hospitals and dental clinics, disposable infection control products primarily for dental and GI endoscopy markets, dialysate concentrates, hollow fiber membrane filtration and separation products. Additionally, we provide technical service for our products.  
For further information, visit the Cantel website at www.cantelmedical.com.
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, the risks detailed in Cantel's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such forward-looking statements are only predictions, and actual events or results may differ materially from those projected or anticipated.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cantel-medical-names-jorgen-b-hansen-as-new-president-and-ceo-300306714.html
SOURCE  Cantel Medical Corp.


News Provided by Acquire Media








 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Cantel Medical Names Jorgen B. Hansen as New President and CEO 


        










    










 













 











 



















Cantel Medical Names Jorgen B. Hansen as New President and CEO
        																																												
																						
																																									
	

		 English
	 


  Italia  - Italiano














 News provided by
Cantel Medical Corp.  
Aug 01, 2016, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































LITTLE FALLS, N.J., Aug. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. (NYSE:    CMN) announced today the appointment of Jorgen B. Hansen as the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, effective today, consistent with the Company's long-term CEO succession plan. Mr. Hansen also will become a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Hansen succeeds Andrew A. Krakauer, who will serve as a Senior Advisor for the Company until October 15, 2016. 








Charles M. Diker, Cantel's Chairman of the Board, stated, "We brought Jorgen Hansen to Cantel nearly four years ago. He's a dynamic, experienced leader in the medical device industry who has clearly demonstrated strong leadership and the vision necessary to achieve our full potential. In addition to leading the day-to-day operations for the Company, Jorgen played a key role in the development of our strategic plan including our expansion in international markets and the successful completion of 12 acquisitions. All of these accomplishments have reinforced our confidence in Jorgen's ability to lead the Company as Chief Executive Officer."
Mr. Diker added "I also would like to thank Andy Krakauer for his exceptional service to the Company over the past 12 years. He has been an outstanding leader who helped Cantel achieve exceptional success during his tenure. His contributions and experience in the medical device industry have been invaluable to the Company."  
Mr. Hansen joined Cantel in November 2012 as EVP and COO, and was appointed to President and COO in November 2014.  He also served as President and CEO of Cantel's Endoscopy business unit, the Company's largest division, from November 2012 to July 2015. Prior to joining Cantel, Mr. Hansen held leadership positions with increasing responsibility in the global medical device industry. He worked at ConvaTec from May 2009 - November 2012, most recently as Senior Vice President, Global Marketing, Business Development, Science and Innovation. Mr. Hansen joined ConvaTec from Coloplast, where he held various leadership roles over a 13-year period in Asia and Europe, ranging from General Manager, Division Head and Senior Vice President of Global Operations. He received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering from Denmark Technical University, and an International Commerce degree from the Copenhagen Business School in Denmark.
"I am honored to be appointed as Cantel's CEO and lead this exciting company and talented team," said Mr. Hansen. "I would like to thank Mr. Diker and the Board for this opportunity, and as CEO, I will continue to pursue Cantel's vision to be the global leader in infection prevention. We will do this by executing on our business priorities focused on new products, market expansion and M&A, supported by continuous improvement." 
About Cantel MedicalCantel Medical is a leading global company dedicated to delivering innovative infection prevention products and services for patients, caregivers, and other healthcare providers which improve outcomes, enhance safety and help save lives. Our products include specialized medical device reprocessing systems for endoscopy and renal dialysis, advanced water purification equipment, sterilants, disinfectants and cleaners, sterility assurance monitoring products for hospitals and dental clinics, disposable infection control products primarily for dental and GI endoscopy markets, dialysate concentrates, hollow fiber membrane filtration and separation products. Additionally, we provide technical service for our products.  
For further information, visit the Cantel website at www.cantelmedical.com.
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, the risks detailed in Cantel's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such forward-looking statements are only predictions, and actual events or results may differ materially from those projected or anticipated.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cantel-medical-names-jorgen-b-hansen-as-new-president-and-ceo-300306714.html
SOURCE  Cantel Medical Corp.
 Related Links

http://www.cantelmedical.com



 












Aug 01, 2016, 14:00 ET
Preview: Cantel Medical Acquires Accutron, Inc.













Jun 29, 2016, 11:21 ET
Preview: Cantel Medical CEO Andrew Krakauer Named EY Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2016 New Jersey Region






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jun 29, 2017, 09:44 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Cantel Medical Board of Directors Authorizes Regular Semiannual...








 

Jun 08, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Cantel Medical Reports Financial Results For The Third Quarter...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Equipment
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Cantel Medical Names Jorgen B. Hansen as New President and CEO


 News provided by
Cantel Medical Corp.  
Aug 01, 2016, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











Cantel Medical's New CEO Jorgen B. Hansen to 'Close a Couple of Deals' in 'Near Future' - TheStreet


































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Cantel Medical's New CEO Jorgen B. Hansen to 'Close a Couple of Deals' in 'Near Future'









Luis Escobar




Aug 2, 2016 9:09 AM EDT













 




























































 Cantel Medical (CMN) , a leading company dedicated to the delivery of infection prevention products and services, announced Monday the appointment of Jorgen B. Hansen as president and chief executive, replacing Andrew A. Krakauer, who will serve until October as a senior adviser.  Hansen's mission at the company? Do more merger and acquisition deals. Hansen has been with Cantel Medical for just four years. However, his experience as executive vice president, chief operating officer and president as well as president of Cantel's endoscopy business, made him a solid candidate to take the helm, given the highly competitive market that includes heavy hitters Ecolab and Johnson & Johnson.    In an interview, Hansen spoke about his optimism about Cantel Medical's growth and product pipeline. "My purpose at Cantel Medical is to continue growth we have in the business. We have had a solid organic growth in the past couple of years, so my key focus in to build a strong team and explore [merger & acquisition] opportunities," Hansen said. "In the last 11 quarters we have bought nine companies and we haven't bought any in the last two quarters," he said. "I cannot tell you exactly when we are going to buy, but we expect to close a couple of deals in the near future." The company has several products in its pipeline, including a visualization instrument for endoscopy, approved two weeks ago by the Food and Drug Administration. This instrument hits the market very soon along with other products that the company plans to launch in the next couple of years. 



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Trade-Ideas: Cantel Medical (CMN) Is Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Cantel Medical (CMN) as a strong and under the radar candidate



TheStreet Wire

Aug 4, 2016 10:01 AM EDT
























Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock: Cantel Medical (CMN)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Cantel Medical (CMN) as a strong and under the radar candidate



TheStreet Wire

Mar 4, 2016 10:12 AM EST
























Insider Trading Alert - CMN, ASFI And HNRG Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include CMN, ASFI and HNRG



TheStreet Wire

Jan 4, 2016 10:00 AM EST








































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































Jorgen Hansen 

 





























UCR Department of PhilosophyHome
About Us

Graduate Program
Undergraduate Program
Placement Record
Courses
News
2013 Newsletter


People

Faculty
Graduate Students
Alumni


Resources

Department Resources
Departmental Awards
Employment


Calendar
Contact Us

Jorgen Hansen
Education
B.A., Utah Valley University
Profile
Jorgen is primarily interested in free will and moral psychology, especially from the approaches of experimental philosophy and cognitive science. He is also interested in metaphysics, philosophy of psychology, and animal ethics. Visit his website for more information.



STUDENT PROFILERebecca HarrisonRebecca’s is interested in Kant & Post-Kantian German philosophy and phenomenology (both historical and contemporary).
More Student Profiles


FACULTY PROFILEJohn M. FischerTitle Distinguished Professor of Philosophy Contact Information HMNSS 3219 951-827-3762 john.fischer@ucr.edu Education Ph.D., Cornell University, 1982 Areas of Interest Free will, moral responsibility, and both metaphysical and ethical issues pertaining to life and death. Profile Professor Fischer’s main research interests lie in free will, moral responsibility, and both metaphysical and ethical issues pertaining to life […]



NEWSBernd Magnus: 1937 – 2014Dear Colleagues, I am saddened to inform you that Bernd Magnus, Emeritus Professor of Philosophy, passed away on November 3, 2014, at the age of 76. He was a long-time member of UCR’s Philosophy Department, serving as its Chair from 1972 to 1976 and, again, from 1979 to 1983. Born in Danzig, Germany, Prof. Magnus […]
Professor Larry Wright Retires and named Professor of Graduate DivisionProfessor Larry Wright joined UCR in 1970. He was the longest reigning faculty in the UCR philosophy department in his tenure.  As Larry joins our other prominent philosophy faculty of Emeritus status, he will continue to service the University as a Professor of Graduate Division from July 1, 2015 through June 30, 2018. On behalf […]
 More Department NewsCURRENT RESEARCH PROJECTS    




Footer #4 Widget
This is an example of a widget area that you can place text to describe a product or service. You can also use other WordPress widgets such as recent posts, recent comments, a tag cloud or more.



Department of PhilosophyUniversity of California, Riverside
HMNSS Building, Room 1604 
900 University Avenue, Riverside, CA 92521 
Phone (951) 827-5208 | Fax (951) 827-5298 Copyright © 2017 · Department of PhilosophyTop of Page



















