    Jeffrey Hanson | Me® | ZoomInfo.com


Jeffery E Hanson - Cottage Grove, WI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jeffery E Hanson in Cottage Grove, WI


Jeffery E Hanson

                                                                           Intelius found that Jeffery E Hanson  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Cottage Grove, WI.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jeff  Hanson


Get Report Now

Age

Jeffery E Hanson is in his 50s

Jeffery Has Lived In

Cottage Grove, WI
Brookfield, WI
Madison, WI

Jeffery's Relatives

Michelle Hanson
Samantha Hanson
Carol Hanson
Elizabeth Hanson







Jeffery E Hanson



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
North American Research Manager at EMD Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jeffery? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jeffery, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jeffery E Hanson
Get a Criminal Check on Jeffery E Hanson
Get a Public Record Report on Jeffery E Hanson
Get a People Search Report on Jeffery E Hanson


Jeffery E Hanson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jeffery E Hanson has lived as well as Jeffery E Hanson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jeffery E Hanson Has Lived in 1 States
Wisconsin Address for Jeffery E Hanson


104 A***** C* 

Cottage Grove, WI


Has Lived In

Cottage Grove, WI
Brookfield, WI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jeffery E Hanson

(608) ***-**** - Cottage Grove, WI 
(608) ***-**** - Cottage Grove, WI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jeffery E Hanson

h******e@***.com


Get Email Report




Jeffery E Hanson's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jeffery E Hanson's academic history.  Find out which schools Jeffery E Hanson attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jeffery E Hanson received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffery E Hanson Has Attended 4 Schools
University of Wisconsin - Madison Jeffery E Hanson has a Doctoral degree in Weed Science               
University of Wisconsin - Madison                              Jeffery E Hanson has a Masters Degree in Weed Science               
University of Minnesota                                             
University of Wisconsin-Madison               1997 – 1999                              


Jeffery E Hanson's Professional Information
Information regarding Jeffery E Hanson's professional history.  Find out previous places Jeffery E Hanson has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffery E Hanson Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: EMD Inc
               Title: North American Research Manager
Company: EMD Crop Bioscience Inc
               Title: North American Research Manager
Jeffery E Hanson's Experience
Title: North American Research Manager
               Company: EMD Inc
Job Details

Title: North American Research Manager
               Company: EMD Crop Bioscience Inc
Job Details
               Originally founded as the Nitragin Company in 1898 after a Milwaukee entrepreneur purchased rights to a commercial process for the production of nitrogen-fixing rhizobia, Nitragin remained privately owned until 1982. In 1991 Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany purchased the business. Headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, EMD Crop BioScience is committed to advancing crop-enhancing technologies and making these products available to growers worldwide.
Additional Professional Information on Jeffery E Hanson

 See Jeffery E Hanson's LinkedIn Profile



Jeffery E Hanson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jeffery E Hanson


Jeffery E Hanson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jeffery E Hanson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jeffery Hanson
Username Matches

                  JefferyHanson
                  HansonJeffery
                  Jeffery.Hanson
                  Hanson.Jeffery
                  Jeffery_Hanson
                  Hanson_Jeffery
                  Jeffery-Hanson
                  Hanson-Jeffery
                  JHanson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Hanson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















			Hanson Jeffrey E, 419 N Colorado , Minden, NE 68959































































Sign-In
My Account













New customer? Start here.
Lost password? Click here.






0

$0.00
Cart






							Your shopping cart is empty.











America's Ultimate Shooting Sports Discounter














Search





Shop
Free Shipping
Everything
New Arrivals




 






Firearms









Ammunition









Parts & Accessories









Gun Care




Hunting Gear




Range Gear




Survival Gear




More Products








Welcome to Cheaper Than Dirt! Shop 200,000+ deals on firearms, ammunition, gun parts, survival gear and more. All in stock and ready to ship. 









Home


						FFL Dealers

Nebraska

Minden

hanson jeffrey e



							Hanson Jeffrey E
							419 N Colorado
							Minden, NE 68959
					(308) 832-2815

















					Sign Up and Save








Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
YouTube




Browse Full Desktop Site





Shop


Shop All Brands


Gift Cards






Products


Handguns


Rifles


Shotguns


Ammo


Parts & Accessories






Customer Service


Contact Us


Track Order


Return Policy


Shipping Info


FAQs


RMA Request






Stay Connected


The Shooter's Log


Videos


FFL Dealers


Knowledge Center






Company Info


Our Guarantee


Our Story


Privacy Policy










Find Local FFL Dealers














Our Guarantee
Shopping with us is absolutely safe - you never have to worry about credit card safety when shopping here. More






UPS, the UPS brand mark, and the
			Color Brown are trademarks of United Parcel Service of America, Inc.
			All Rights Reserved.


Site Map


Terms of Use

Privacy Policy


				©2017 Cheaper Than Dirt!




























Jeff Hanson is an Award-winning Visually Impaired Artist & Philanthropist
































































































Facebook


Facebook




Twitter


Twitter




YouTube


YouTube




Instagram


Instagram

jeff@jeffhansonart.comProduct was added to your cart
ArtistJeff HansonHome  Artist


Jeff HansonArtistJeff Hanson (b: 1993) is an award-winning, philanthropic artist on a mission to change the world through art. Visually impaired since childhood from neurofibromatosis type 1 and an optic chiasm brain tumor (playfully named CLOD), Jeff’s acrylic on canvas works employ bold color and heavily sculptured texture to create an unmistakable signature style–a sight for sore eyes, he calls it.The Jeff Hanson StoryARTIST


Self-taught as an artist, Jeff first began painting watercolor notecards while undergoing chemotherapy at age 12. What was initially a pastime and distraction from his treatments, Jeff’s painting soon evolved into a curbside business, Jeff’s Bistro. Proceeds benefitted the Children’s Tumor Foundation to fund optic tumor research.
Jeff’s original notecards gradually transitioned to acrylics on canvas, both for sale and gifts to charity live auctions across the nation. At age 15, the “accidental artist,” in a business built on a philanthropy-first model, became Jeffrey Owen Hanson LLC.





Jeff Hanson received national attention for raising $1 million for charity with his art by his 20th birthday, has today raised more than $2.6 million. 
While Jeff enjoys a very successful career as an artist, his philanthropic spirit has resulted in more than 200 non-profit organizations benefiting from his auctioned works. Jeff has been awarded both Young Philanthropist of the Year and Young Entrepreneur of the Year for his efforts. He was a People magazine “Hero Among Us” and appeared on CNN’s “Impact Your World.” In 2015, Hanson was honored by The NASCAR Foundation with the Betty Jane France Humanitarian Award and his inspirational story was profiled on CBS Sunday Morning.





$0Raised for Charity


Jeff’s paintings now hang in the homes of art collectors across the globe, including Sir Elton John, Warren E. Buffett, John Cena, Dale Earnhardt, Jr. and many others touched by Jeff’s generous soul and unique style.
Jeff’s remarkable journey through adversity is summarized by his slogan, “Don’t let your CLOD define you!” Focus on what you CAN do, not what you CAN’T do! Jeff Hanson has become defined by art, philanthropy, and entrepreneurship. Not by CLOD. Not the kid who lost his vision to a brain tumor.
Jeff Hanson’s mission statement embodies his spirit of giving.

“Every act of kindness helps create kinder communities, more compassionate nations and a better world for all – even one painting at a time.”






Learn more about Jeff Hanson’s amazing journey…
Lessons From CLOD, a book about Jeff’s triumphs through adversity, is available here or Amazon. Lessons From CLOD is also available as a live, motivational keynote presentation.






9 Comments. Leave new 




 
Peggy Olson
May 1, 2017 2:45 pm

I read your father’s book and was so impressed by you and your family.  You Jeff are the personification of Jesus’s disciples…
you carry His message of “Love one another” with what you do and how you do it.  Keep up the blessed work and you will make your philanthropic target by 21!  Prayers go with you,

Reply 




 
JOHAdmin
May 1, 2017 2:54 pm

Greetings from Jeff Hanson Art
Hi Peggy-
Thank you for reading “Lessons From CLOD.” I am thrilled to hear you enjoyed the book.
Continue to following my art journey via my website, Facebook and Instagram.
Happy May Day!
Jeff

Reply 




 
Chad Deaton
March 21, 2017 11:01 pm

Jeff, my wife and I purchased one of your paintings tonight at the JA gala in Houston. Although we didn’t get the one we really liked, we are excited about the one you will create for us. The flowers remind us so much of the blue bonnets and Indian Paintbrush we see along the Texas highways this time of year!  You are a talented young man and you do so much for charity. It was a pleasure meeting you tonight
Chad Deaton

Reply 



 
James Behanick
March 21, 2017 7:03 pm

Jeff!!! I’m at the JA event!  Congrats on raising another $66,000!!!!

Reply 




 
JOHAdmin
March 22, 2017 5:09 pm

Hi James-
Thank you for supporting the Jr. Achievement SE Texas gala. It was a fabulous event. And, of course I am thrilled my artwork generated $66,000 (plus $1,000 for my cummerbund and bow tie)!
Continue to follow my art and philanthropic endeavors on my website, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
Thanks for all you do!
Jeff Hanson

Reply 




 
Di Zimmer
February 16, 2017 10:08 am

You are just getting more amazing as you create more works. Love is winning…….
Peace and love
Di Zimmer

Reply 




 
JOHAdmin
February 16, 2017 10:42 am

Di- Thank you for your kind words. It is important for me to constantly be creating and trying new concepts. From the experimenting comes new paintings.
Regarding philanthropy, one thing I know for sure…Generosity begets generosity. As Elton John said to me, “Jeff, if you give to the world, the world will give back.”

Reply 




 
Maria Brown
February 4, 2017 7:08 pm

I saw two of your paintings hanging in the Teen Room on Henson four at Children’s Mercy Downtown earlier this week while taking a tour. And, today a friend introduced me to your “Art From the HeART” Valentine project where I can nominate my favorite charity to receive one of your paintings for a live auction. I think those two coincidences are meaningful! And, from what I’ve read so far, I’m proud to join the ranks as a fan of you and your work! Bless you for what you are doing as a philanthropist and also as an inspiration to others – you ARE an inspiration!
Blessings,
Maria

Reply 




 
JOHAdmin
February 16, 2017 10:53 am

Maria-
Thank you for your nice note.
The paintings in the Children’s Mercy Hospital (CMH) Teen Room are titled “Lost in Lasagna” and “Neon Noodles.” I gifted a collection of 30 paintings to CMH oncology clinic titled “Summer Vacation.” In the CMH executive board room, you will find a triptych titled “Playground in Provence.”
I am so excited about my annual “Art From the HeART” Valentine project. This year I decided to donate paintings to the first and second place winners, Sammy’s Superheroes Foundation (Columbus, NE) and Michael Mosier Defeat DIPG Foundation (Bethesda, MD). “Art From the HeART” kicks off annually on February 1.

Reply 





Leave a Note for Jeff... Cancel reply

















Menu


























































Jeffrey E. Hansen, MD - Ophthalmologist in Price, UT | MD.com



































































HomeFind a DoctorOphthalmologistsUtahPriceDr. Jeffrey E. Hansen 



















Make an Appointment
+ Locations, Office Hours & Directions










                                        Eastern Utah Eye Physicians                                    



200 N Fairgrounds Road,
                                        Suite 2,                                         Price,
                                        UT
84501 
                                        
 map
                                        





                                                                                    Call for an Appointment
                                                                            







 

                                                                                                                            Dr. Jeffrey Hansen is an ophthalmologist in Price. As an eye doctor, he diagnoses and treats diseases, injuries, or trauma of the eye such as glaucoma or cataracts.                                        
                                    













Advertisement







                Save up to 96% on your prescriptions.   Click Here






Reviews of
            
                Dr. Hansen            


                Dr. Hansen            




































Have you seen this doctor?
We invite you to write a review about your experience with Dr. Hansen.



Write a Review








            Office            
                of Dr. Hansen            

See Insurance



                of Dr. Hansen            


































Advertisement






            Eastern Utah Eye Physicians             
                    







Accepting New Patients?


Yes, Dr. Jeffrey E. Hansen is accepting new patients at this office.
                                                    





Phone



(435) 637-8689




Fax



                                                    (435) 637-1123                                                





Address

200 N Fairgrounds Road, Suite 2, Price, UT 84501-4228





                        Office Details
                    




Doctor Specialty


Ophthalmology 


Accepting New Patients?
Yes


Languages Spoken
English

















×Close


                            Office Details
                        



                            Eastern Utah Eye Physicians                            

                                200 N Fairgrounds Road,                                                                     Suite 2,                                                                 Price,
                                Utah 84501-4228                                •
                                (435) 637-8689                            





Doctors

2   See them all



Doctor’s Specialty


                                        Ophthalmology                                    


Doctor’s Title
Ophthalmologist


Accepting New Patients?
Yes





Close








×Close

                            Request a Video Visit with Dr. Jeffrey E. Hansen                        


Please log in or sign up to continue



Email


Password




 
Don’t have an account? Sign up now to continue booking your visit:
Sign Up



Close
                        




>
            


×Close

                            Request an Office Visit with Dr. Jeffrey E. Hansen                        


Please log in or sign up to continue



Email


Password


Log In

 
Don’t have an account? Sign up now to continue booking your visit:
Sign Up



Close
                        









 Office Details
                


 Get Directions






            Insurance Accepted  
                    




Medicare




NOTE: Please
                        contact the doctor’s office
                        to confirm your coverage before making an appointment.
                                






            About
            
                Dr. Hansen            


                Dr. Hansen            


































Advertisement





Bio








 Dr. Jeffrey Hansen graduated from University Of California, California College Of Medicine in 1991.                                                                
                                                                                                    

                                        Dr.
                                        Hansen                                        has

                                        
                                            one office                                        
                                        in
                                        Utah                                                                                    where he                                                                                                                            specializes in
                                            Ophthalmology.                                                                            

                                                                                    Dr. Hansen works with one doctor, Dr. Timothy Byers.                                                                            
















             Specialty        







 


Ophthalmology 

                                As an ophthalmologist in UT, Dr. Jeffrey Hansen is trained to diagnose, treat, and manage diseases or trauma of the eye. Dr. Hansen may treat conditions such as glaucoma, corneal tumors, cataracts, retinal disorders, conjunctivitis, astigmatism and ocular tumors. Treatments may include the prescription of medication or surgeries such as corrective surgery (e.g. LASIK), cataract surgery, or glaucoma surgery.                            






 


            Education & Training  
                                                



Medical School




                                                                                                                                                                University Of California, California College Of Medicine                                                                                                        


                                MD •                                                                 1991                            








            Languages Spoken  
                    




English







            Dr. Hansen's Medicare Fee‑for‑Service Data (2014)  
        



Please Note: The information displayed below is sourced from the 2014 
                Medicare Physician and Other Supplier National Provider Identifier (NPI) Aggregate Report. It's
            important to remember that the statistics below are not inclusive of all patients treated by
                Dr. Hansen, but only those who participate in Medicare.
  Overview

Participates in Medicare?: Yes 
Number of HCPCS Codes: 17 
Number of Services: 540 
Medical Suppress Indicator:  
Number of HCPCS Associated With Medical Services: 17 
Number of Medical Services: 540 
Number of Medicare Patients with Medical Services: 304 

  Medicare Patient Demographics 

Total Number of Medicare Patients:                     304 
Average Age of Medicare Patients:                     76 
Number of Patients Under Age 65:                     17 
Number of Patients Age 65 to 74:                     120 
Number of Patients Age 75 to 84:                     120 
Number of Patients Over Age 84:                     47 
Number of Female Patients :                     179 
Number of Male Patients:                     125 
Number of Non-Hispanic White Patients:                     277 
Number of Black or African American Patients:                     0 
Number of Asian Pacific Islander Patients:                     0 
Number of Hispanic Patients:                     0 
Number of American Indian/Alaska Native Patients:                     0 
Number of Patients with Race Not Elsewhere Classified:                     0 
Number of Patients with Medicare Only Entitlement:                     272 
Number of Patients with Medicare & Medicaid Entitlement:                     32 

  Medicare Patient Condition Demographics

Percent of Patients with Atrial Fibrillation:                     10% 
Percent of Patients with Alzheimer’s Disease or Dementia:                     9% 
Percent of Patients  with Asthma:                     10% 
Percent of Patients with Cancer:                     8% 
Percent of Patients with Heart Failure:                     19% 
Percent of Patients with Chronic Kidney Disease:                     15% 
Percent of Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease:                     14% 
Percent of Patients with Depression:                     17% 
Percent of Patients with Diabetes:                     32% 
Percent of Patients with Hyperlipidemia:                     34% 
Percent of Patients with Hypertension (High Blood Pressure):                     57% 
Percent of Patients with Ischemic Heart Disease:                     25% 
Percent of Patients with Osteoporosis:                     5% 
Percent of Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis / Osteoarthritis:                     31% 
Percent of Patients with Schizophrenia / Other Psychotic Disorders:                     0% 
Percent of Patients with Stroke:                     4% 

  Medicare Payments Data

Total Submitted Charge Amount:                     $34,298.23 
Total Medicare Allowed Amount:                     $30,784.30 
Total Medicare Payment Amount:                     $22,758.76 
Total Medicare Standardized Payment Amount:                     $24,658.43 
Total Medical Submitted Charge Amount:                     $34,298.23 
Total Medical Medicare Allowed Amount:                     $30,784.30 
Total Medical Medicare Payment Amount:                     $22,758.76 
Total Medical Medicare Standardized Payment Amount:                     $24,658.43 

  Medicare Prescription Drug Data

Drug Suppress Indicator: n/a 
Number of HCPCS Associated With Drug Services: 0 
Number of Drug Services: 0 
Number of Medicare Beneficiaries With Drug Services: 0 
Total Drug Submitted Charge Amount: $0.00 
Total Drug Medicare Allowed Amount: $0.00 
Total Drug Medicare Payment Amount: $0.00 
Total Drug Medicare Standardized Payment Amount: $0.00 









            Latest Ophthalmology            News
        
Read the most recent articles about
            Ophthalmology









                                Vision Problems Can Harm Kids' Development, Grades                            


                                    Mary Elizabeth Dallas, Jul 28, 2017                                    at 12:00 PM








                                Generic Eye Drops for Seniors Could Save Millions of Dollars a Year                            


                                    Robert Preidt, Jul 28, 2017                                    at 12:00 PM








                                'Eye Freckles' May Predict Sun-Related Problems                            


                                    Mary Elizabeth Dallas, Jul 28, 2017                                    at 9:00 AM










 













×
Free courtesy of MD.com


Daily Health News & Tips via Email

Get a daily roundup of the latest headlines for free (sent Mon-Fri)















Join the Newsletter













                        See our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
                    

























JEFFERY E HANSON - MINNEAPOLIS, MN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



MINNEAPOLIS



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            JEFFERY E HANSON
                                    



 





















J 


JEFFERY E HANSON
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3236 117TH AVE NW MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55433
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Jeffery E Hanson is located at 3236 117th Ave Nw in Minneapolis and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Dr. Jeffrey Hanson: Why Students Need Financial Education - NerdWallet























































 
 

Get your free credit score.Log inSign upSign up
 






Dr. Jeffrey Hanson: Why Students Need Financial Education 


 


Greg 





You can trust that we maintain strict editorial integrity in our writing and assessments; however, we receive compensation when you click on links to products from our partners and get approved. Here's how we make money.

  

In our never ending quest to help out our students, future, present, and past, the nerds are digging deep to identify the issues that are impacting today’s learners. One thing NerdWallet is committed to is making sure everyone has the tools to become financially literate and independent. This is especially hard for young adults, who typically don’t have the experience or financial resources to be financially literate or independent, and often must take on the highest amount of debt of any cohort because they face high unemployment, have the lowest earning potential, and need to pay for school. Well, we sat down this week with Jeffrey E. Hanson to get his perspective on financial management with respect to students. Dr. Hanson has a Ph.D. in Agricultural Economics and spent 7 years as the Director of Financial Aid on the Chicago campus of Northwestern University and 14 years as the Director of Borrower Education Services at Access Group, Inc., a nonprofit student loan provider. His current project, Jeffrey Hanson Education Services, provides financial literacy, borrower education, and debt management programming for students before, during, and after graduation.
Borrower education
Dr. Hanson has helped many, many students over the years with their finances and debt management, including over 2,000 just this last spring. He travels to different schools to give seminars and webinars (usually paid for by the university and never by the student). According to Hanson, “Students typically aren’t paying attention to how much they borrow.” “How much do they actually need?” Students should never compromise going to the school that is right for them and getting the higher education they want. Still, these young adults should always “minimize how much they borrow to attend the school that they want to attend.” Since students do not start paying off loans until after school and realistically cannot do much once the loan has been made, Hanson observes a tendency for people not to want to worry about these expanses until the time comes to repay the debt. They treat their loans almost as if they are sunk costs. This is not how student loans should be viewed though. “They are borrowing based on future income, and they should minimize their debt as much as possible.” Every dollar students spend costs them later, with interest.
The problem seems to be worse for graduate students. Graduate and professional school is typically more expensive than undergraduate education and these costs are usually piled on top of the undergrad bill. Hanson sees that these graduate students are often older and less inclined to live the more frugal student lifestyle of undergraduates, and this just augments their individual debt. “They need to live like poor, thrifty, frugal, cheap students,” These debts are no joke, and when you are looking at paying back six figures every dollar counts.
What students need
To be fair, there isn’t any shortage of ways for students and young adults to become informed. “There are lots of resources on the internet. Your website [NerdWallet.com] especially has great information for students to educate themselves,” says Hanson. “Still, people want face to face interaction. They want someone to go over their personal situation and explain their loans and their finances to them. They want that reassurance.” And who could blame them? Many current and former students have loans from different providers, and managing exactly when and where your money needs to be allocated to pay off debt can be a difficult task.
“Helping young adults to understand their portfolio of loans is crucial,” says Hanson. This can’t always be done with general guidance, however, which is why Hanson often also provides one-on-one counseling at the schools he visits. According to Hanson, there are currently 5 different repayment plans for federal student loans (including Income-Based Repayment plans), with a 6th option on the way. These options are extremely beneficial for students in the long, providing considerable flexibility in the repayment process. As such, they can help to keep interest and payments manageable. But, this flexibility can also make the loans themselves more complex and harder to understand. The need for concrete financial literacy becomes all the more important.
Universities are trying to help students the best that they can. They provide scholarships and financial aid, but another important way that schools can help students minimize their debt is to help them complete their program of study in four years. This lowers the amount that individuals have to borrow and gets them into the job market earning income. This isn’t always possible, especially for big state universities, many of whom do not have the funding to meet financial aid demand or to provide enough classes for students to earn their degrees without being locked out of classes and forced to stay on past the typical four-year track. To this end, “schools could do more to help students devise budget management plans or offer individual counseling.”
Students are also very distracted. There is not a lot of routine in higher education outside of a regular class schedule. Papers, exams, part-time jobs, research, interviews, independent work, applications, more exams… not to mention the regular social and familial commitments of any young adult. These all take time and can distract the student from what is most important – studying had and minimizing their debt. Sprinkle in athletics or volunteer work and you are just about booked up. Staying on top of your finances should fall into your everyday focus, but policy changes with regard to student loans might slip through the cracks. For example, earlier this year the government had a Special Direct Consolidation program that a number of students likely could have benefited from, but according to Hanson many of the students he has worked with were unaware of the program because they neglected to open the mail they received from loan servicers. It is important that you open all the mail you receive regarding your financial aid/loans so that you are aware of any actions you may need to take. Failing to do so can get you into trouble.
The government and universities are doing a lot to help today’s students. Student loan debt rages on, and prospects for young adults aren’t spectacular, but they are doing their part. Still, financial literacy and debt management continue to be areas of needed improvement for young adults. Online resources are a great way to learn more and capitalize on money saving opportunities. The personalized education services of people like Jeff Hanson are hugely helpful for students needing financial aid and an important addition to the educational resources that are available. There are a lot of financial hurdles in life, and understanding your finances is the first step to saving and becoming financially independent.






You may also like


Compare Credit Card Offers With Our Free Tool Compare Credit Card Offers With Our Free Tool


How Much House Can You Really Afford? How Much House Can You Really Afford?




A Low Interest Personal Loan Can Help You Defeat Your Debt A Low Interest Personal Loan Can Help You Defeat Your Debt


Looking to Fund Your Small Business? Start Here Looking to Fund Your Small Business? Start Here










Financial Health Score 


How Healthy Are Your Finances?

Got 2 minutes? Answer 8 questions.

Take Quiz



Tools to Improve Credit 



Get Your Free Credit Score Now From NerdWallet




Best Secured Credit Cards for Bad Credit




What Is a Credit-Builder Loan?




Authorized User Status Helps Credit Score, But Not A Lot




How Paying Rent Can Build Your Credit


Tools to Manage Debt 


Pay off debt

A 4-step guide to getting out of debt.








0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards




Personal Loans to Consolidate Debt




Refinance Your Student Loans




Refinance Your Mortgage




Refinance Your Auto Loan


Read More
What Credit Score Do You Need to Buy a House? Will an Installment Loan Help Your Credit? Want Healthy Finances? Start Here 


 
		We want to hear from you and encourage a lively discussion among our users. Please help us keep our site clean and safe by following our posting guidelines, and avoid disclosing personal or sensitive information such as bank account or phone numbers. Any comments posted under NerdWallet's official account are not reviewed or endorsed by representatives of financial institutions affiliated with the reviewed products, unless explicitly stated otherwise.
	
 
























 




Awards and Honors for Jeff Hanson Art | Jeffery Owen Hanson






























































































Facebook


Facebook




Twitter


Twitter




YouTube


YouTube




Instagram


Instagram

jeff@jeffhansonart.comProduct was added to your cart
Awards & HonorsHome  Artist  Awards & Honors



2016


 
Ronald McDonald House Charities Artist of the Year
Coca-Cola Company
  
Project Perseverance Award
Sun Life Financial
  
Strength and Honor Award
The Children’s Tumor Foundation
 
2015


 
Betty Jane France Humanitarian Award
The NASCAR Foundation
 


 
Feature Story: Inner Vision
CBS Sunday Morning
(click to view the feature video)
 
2014


 
National Ambassador
Children’s Tumor Foundation
  
Fashion Impact Philanthropy Award
Fashion Institute Midwest
  
Striking Speed: Jeff Hanson Designs Wildest 911 Livery

Porsche Panorama
  
Hometown Hero “Philanthropist Painter”

American Profile
 
2013


 
ONE MILLION BY 20!
Jeff’s Artwork Generates $1M for Charity at Age 19
  
Legally Blind Artist Raises $1 Million With His Art
USA TODAY
  
Mailbag UPDATE

PEOPLE Magazine
  
“The 100” Making KC a Better Place

KC Magazine
 
2012


 
Young Entrepreneur of the Year

Small Business Administration
 


 
Young Philanthropist of the Year
Association of Fundraising Professionals
  
Chairman’s Award Person with DisabilitiesCity of Olathe 
2011


 
CNN Headline News
Impact Your World
(Read the story online)
  
Huffington Post Feature
Top Kid Making A Difference
  
Heroes Among Us
PEOPLE Magazine
  
National Spirit of Community Award
Prudential
  
Prudential Spirit of Community Award
State of Kansas Senate Resolution
 


 
Kansas City's Rising Star
KC Business Magazine
  
Prize for Young Heroes

Gloria Barron
  
Contemporary American Hero
Shawnee Mission School District
 
2010


 
International Ambassador
Make A Wish Foundation
  
Warren E. Buffett invites Jeff to be his guest at Berkshire Hathaway Annual Shareholders Meeting  
THEO Eyewear (Belgium) Commissions Painting for Paris Eyewear Show  
Jeff invited to Elton’s Old Windsor Home
White Tie & Tiara Gala
 
2009


 
National Kids Who Care Scholarship

Kohl’s
  
Kids With Heart Award
Town Center, Leawood, Kansas
  
Jeff’s story shared in ENOUGH Discovering Joy Through Simplicity & Generosity
Adam Hamilton
  
Jeff hosts first solo “Generous HeART” Art Show
The Independent
  
WHOLE FOODS Market features Jeff’s Art 
2008


 
Elton John shares Jeff's story in his holiday letter.  
Jeff was invited to be an extra in Harold Ramis’ Movie, YEAR ONE

  
Elton John invites Jeff to Dubai  
Dean & Deluca features Jeff’s Art 
2007


 
Jeff's Make A Wish to meet Sir Elton John  
Kansas Youth Volunteer of the Year
VFW
 






Menu










































