










Hanson & Doremus Investment Management Buys Schwab U.S. ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Hanson & Doremus Investment Management Buys Schwab U.S. ...


July 26, 2017, 05:38:07 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Hanson & Doremus Investment ManagementNew Purchases: BLX , ACIA , RMBS , SDY, TA, IVW, CC, HPE, UPL, TFI,Added Positions:SCHB, SCHF, BND, DGS, HBI, BSV, ERJ, VWO, TEVA, CBU,Reduced Positions:BKS, MSFT, EWBC, VEA, TSM, KHC, IYJ, CNDT, SCHW, GLW,Sold Out:MBVT, NML, PEY, ICF, RFI, CTSH, ROP, BGS, QQQ, MDVT,For the details of Hanson & Doremus Investment Management's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Hanson+%26+Doremus+Investment+ManagementThese are the top 5 holdings of Hanson & Doremus Investment ManagementSchwab U.S. Broad Market ( SCHB ) - 482,191 shares, 10.45% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 32.30%Vanguard Total Bond Market ( BND ) - 139,547 shares, 4.23% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 10.00%Schwab International Equity ( SCHF ) - 346,877 shares, 4.09% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 19.87%WisdomTree Emerging Market SmallCap Fund ( DGS ) - 155,912 shares, 2.64% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 12.12%Corning Inc ( GLW ) - 180,894 shares, 2.01% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.9%New Purchase: Banco Latinoamericano de Comercio Exterior SA (BLX)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management initiated holdings in Banco Latinoamericano de Comercio Exterior SA. The purchase prices were between $26.61 and $28.77, with an estimated average price of $27.8. The stock is now traded at around $26.77. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.53%. The holdings were 151,255 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Acacia Communications Inc (ACIA)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management initiated holdings in Acacia Communications Inc. The purchase prices were between $40.99 and $59.65, with an estimated average price of $48.38. The stock is now traded at around $44.77. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.1%. The holdings were 6,545 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Rambus Inc (RMBS)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management initiated holdings in Rambus Inc. The purchase prices were between $11.55 and $13.28, with an estimated average price of $12.31. The stock is now traded at around $13.18. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 13,598 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: SPDR S&P Dividend (SDY)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management initiated holdings in SPDR S&P Dividend. The purchase prices were between $86.77 and $90.78, with an estimated average price of $88.59. The stock is now traded at around $90.03. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 1,530 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: iShares S&P 500 Growth (IVW)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management initiated holdings in iShares S&P 500 Growth. The purchase prices were between $130.04 and $139.62, with an estimated average price of $135.51. The stock is now traded at around $141.37. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 535 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: TravelCenters of America LLC (TA)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management initiated holdings in TravelCenters of America LLC. The purchase prices were between $3.6 and $6.35, with an estimated average price of $4.85. The stock is now traded at around $3.80. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 22,245 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Schwab U.S. Broad Market ( SCHB )Hanson & Doremus Investment Management added to the holdings in Schwab U.S. Broad Market by 32.30%. The purchase prices were between $56.22 and $59.15, with an estimated average price of $57.91. The stock is now traded at around $59.86. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.55%. The holdings were 482,191 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Hanesbrands Inc (HBI)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management added to the holdings in Hanesbrands Inc by 218.59%. The purchase prices were between $20.24 and $22.99, with an estimated average price of $21.54. The stock is now traded at around $23.39. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.25%. The holdings were 43,504 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management added to the holdings in Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd by 20.24%. The purchase prices were between $27.82 and $32.95, with an estimated average price of $30.94. The stock is now traded at around $33.07. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 59,528 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets (VWO)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management added to the holdings in Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets by 25.64%. The purchase prices were between $39.33 and $41.35, with an estimated average price of $40.52. The stock is now traded at around $43.00. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 40,490 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Embraer SA (ERJ)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management added to the holdings in Embraer SA by 53.84%. The purchase prices were between $18.02 and $22.14, with an estimated average price of $19.73. The stock is now traded at around $19.75. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 50,552 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Stericycle Inc (SRCL)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management added to the holdings in Stericycle Inc by 50.99%. The purchase prices were between $76.34 and $87, with an estimated average price of $82.27. The stock is now traded at around $76.55. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 11,717 shares as of 2017-06-30.Sold Out: Merchants Bancshares Inc (MBVT)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management sold out the holdings in Merchants Bancshares Inc. The sale prices were between $46.8 and $51.05, with an estimated average price of $49.09.Sold Out: Neuberger Berman MLP Income Fund Inc (NML)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management sold out the holdings in Neuberger Berman MLP Income Fund Inc. The sale prices were between $8.61 and $10.21, with an estimated average price of $9.62.Sold Out: Roper Technologies Inc (ROP)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management sold out the holdings in Roper Technologies Inc. The sale prices were between $205.01 and $235.25, with an estimated average price of $220.99.Sold Out: PowerShares High Yield Equity Dividend Achievers P (PEY)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management sold out the holdings in PowerShares High Yield Equity Dividend Achievers P. The sale prices were between $16.52 and $17.19, with an estimated average price of $16.92.Sold Out: Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management sold out the holdings in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. The sale prices were between $57.78 and $67.91, with an estimated average price of $63.35.Sold Out: B&G Foods Inc (BGS)Hanson & Doremus Investment Management sold out the holdings in B&G Foods Inc. The sale prices were between $35.55 and $42.5, with an estimated average price of $39.85.SCHB 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of SCHBPeter Lynch Chart of SCHBPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        SCHB
                                    
, 

                                        BND
                                    
, 

                                        SCHF
                                    
, 

                                        DGS
                                    
, 

                                        GLW
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Yandex Loses Market Share in Spite of Strong Growth


						7/28/2017 08:37 PM
					



5 Things Introverts Need to Explain to Their Managers


						7/28/2017 08:36 PM
					



Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.: Solid Q2 Results Show Investor Fears Are Misplaced


						7/28/2017 08:10 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





SCHB








100%



Rate It





BND








50%



Rate It





SCHF








0%



Rate It





DGS








100%



Rate It





GLW








96%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX















































Hanson & Doremus





































Menu








 
 
Phone Number




Your Custom Text Here

















Home







 INTELLIGENT INVESTING
 We manage customized investment portfolios for individuals and institutions. We offer independent thinking and intensive client care.







SEE OUR BLOGSee our latest investment newsletter ThoughtsWe're Talking the Smiley Face Economy Here...Following Up on Odds and Ends...Small Cities Are Rising...Where to find Value Today... 































Contact-DON'T USE — Hanson & Doremus

































Menu








 
 
Phone Number




Your Custom Text Here













 Vermont Office431 Pine StreetBurlington, VT 05401Phone: 802-658-2668Fax: 802-658-1027Email: Eric Hanson Email: Anne DoremusCalifornia Office2225 E. Bayshore Rd, Ste 200Palo Alto, CA 94303Phone: 650-320-1700Fax: 650-320-1701Email: Julie Won  





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



Message *




 Sign-up for Newsletter





Thank you!




































Disclosures — Hanson & Doremus

































Menu








 
 
Phone Number




Your Custom Text Here













Compliance and RegulationImportant Disclosure Information:Hanson & Doremus Investment Management, Inc. ("Hanson & Doremus") is an SEC registered investment adviser located in Burlington, Vermont. Hanson & Doremus and its representatives are in compliance with the current filing requirements imposed upon SEC registered investment advisers by those states in which Hanson & Doremus maintains clients. Hanson & Doremus may only transact business in those states in which it is registered, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. Hanson & Doremus’ website is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional investment-related information, publications, and links. Continue reading here...Current ADV-II Information:  This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of Hanson & Doremus Investment Management (the “Registrant”).  If you have any questions about the contents of this brochure, please contact us at (802) 658-2668 or hansondoremus.com. The information in this brochure has not been approved or verified by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or by any state securities authority.Continue reading here...Privacy Statement: Hanson & Doremus Investment Management (referred to as “HDIM”) maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to protect its clients’ nonpublic personal information (“information”).  Through this policy and its underlying procedures, HDIM attempts to secure the confidentiality of customer records and information and protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of customer records and information.  Continue reading here...Proxy Information:In accordance with the requirements of Rule 206(4)-6 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the “Advisers Act”), Hanson & Doremus Investment Management (“HDIM”) has adopted the following proxy voting policy with respect to those assets for which a client has vested HDIM with discretionary investment management authority (the “assets”).Continue reading here...































About — Hanson & Doremus

































Menu








 
 
Phone Number




Your Custom Text Here













Hanson & Doremus manages investment portfolios for individuals, family groups, businesses, endowments, and foundations across the U.S.  Established in 1995, we have offices in Burlington, Vermont, and Palo Alto, California, and we are registered with the Securities Exchange Commission as an Investment Adviser.We are committed to delivering thoughtful, customized investment portfolios and advice to each of our clients.  As independent value thinkers, we conduct our own research in-house to oversee client investments.  As fiduciaries, we place client interests first at all times and take pride in offering a high level of service.Please click on the links below to learn more about ourINVESTMENT APPROACH    SERVICESPUBLICATIONSCOMMUNITY ENGAGEMENTFEES AND PERFORMANCE































About — Hanson & Doremus

































Menu








 
 
Phone Number




Your Custom Text Here













Hanson & Doremus manages investment portfolios for individuals, family groups, businesses, endowments, and foundations across the U.S.  Established in 1995, we have offices in Burlington, Vermont, and Palo Alto, California, and we are registered with the Securities Exchange Commission as an Investment Adviser.We are committed to delivering thoughtful, customized investment portfolios and advice to each of our clients.  As independent value thinkers, we conduct our own research in-house to oversee client investments.  As fiduciaries, we place client interests first at all times and take pride in offering a high level of service.Please click on the links below to learn more about ourINVESTMENT APPROACH    SERVICESPUBLICATIONSCOMMUNITY ENGAGEMENTFEES AND PERFORMANCE































Emotions on Parade — Hanson & Doremus









































Menu








 
 
Phone Number




Your Custom Text Here


















Emotions on Parade


October 20, 2014
Eric Hanson




Barron’s reported recently that Ray DeVoe had died. Ray was a long time market commentator. I first ran into his material at Spencer Trask back in the 1970’s. The DeVoe Report was always thought provoking, often amusing and a must read in a world so full of throw away commentary.Ray came up with what I still think is the best description of the stock market. The market is “only indirectly related to economics. It is a function of human fear, greed and apprehension, all overlaid on a business cycle.” Two sentences. That’s all you need!Today fear and apprehension are moving front and center. Stocks have rallied for five years now and the U.S. economy has been getting slowly better. But the public is not a believer (see chart below). Jobs are being created but not fast enough and incomes, except for those at the very top, are stagnant.







So when the world economy starts to look more dicey, as it does now, investors get a lot more emotional. In emotional markets investors are prone to a number of behavioral missteps. One is how they view gains versus losses. There is pleasure in making a ten percent profit in a stock. But the feeling of pain that comes from losing ten percent is even more intense than the pleasure of making ten percent. Now multiply this by 5 years of making gains (2009-2014) followed by the fear that you might give this back and you see where the nervousness in this market is coming from. Not terribly rational maybe, but very human.Another behavioral bias is anchoring. We sometimes focus on a price or value at a moment in time to the exclusion of all others. For instance right now we are focused on our portfolio’s high water mark earlier this summer and the fear that we are now moving down below that. Forget the fact that this is just one point in time. We fail to recall how much progress we have made since the market bottom in 2009 and that the investment race is not a sprint but a marathon and that up and down cycles are just part of the race.







We don’t know whether this is the greatest time to sell or just a short term hiccup in the market’s continued rise. But we do know investors don’t spend a lot of time researching their investments (see chart below). They make a lot of snap decisions. The market is always doing its best to force us into wrong decisions at the wrong times. If you need cash for something within the next year then certainly raise it, but don’t abandon  your long term strategy just because the market is getting more emotional.


























































People — Hanson & Doremus

































Menu








 
 
Phone Number




Your Custom Text Here













PeopleWe have a staff of eight, including four investment partners, and are registered with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission as an Investment Adviser.  More information is available on each team member by clicking on their photo below.








Eric Hanson, CFA, CFP
 Partner










Anne W. Doremus, CFA
Partner










Julie Won, CFA 
Partner










Sven Eklof
Partner/Head of Operations










Arthur Wright
Assistant Portfolio Manager










Jordan Lafayette
Portfolio Administrator










Alma Pilausic
Portfolio Administrator










Kristen Audy
Operations Associate











































Hanson & Doremus Investment Management, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:51 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Hanson & Doremus Investment Management, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Hanson & Doremus Investment Management, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial planning and consulting services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to individuals. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals, banking or thrift institutions, pension and profit sharing plans, endowments, foundations, charitable organizations, state or municipal government entities, corporations, and other business entities. It manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies. The firm uses a combinatio...
Hanson & Doremus Investment Management, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial planning and consulting services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to individuals. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals, banking or thrift institutions, pension and profit sharing plans, endowments, foundations, charitable organizations, state or municipal government entities, corporations, and other business entities. It manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies. The firm uses a combination of technical, cyclical, and fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. It was formerly known as Hanson Investment Management. Hanson & Doremus Investment Management, Inc. was founded on July 17, 1995 and is based in Burlington, Vermont with an additional office in Palo Alto, California.
Detailed Description


431 Pine StreetBurlington, VT 05402United StatesFounded in 1995



Phone: 802-658-2668

Fax: 802-658-1027

www.hansoninvestment.com







Key Executives for Hanson & Doremus Investment Management, Inc.




Mr. Eric Haldore Hanson CFA, CFP


      	Partner and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Ms. Deb Healey


      	Operations Manager
      








Ms. Anne Williams Doremus CFA


      	Partner
      








Ms. Julie Won CFA


      	Partner
      








Ms. Kristen Audy


      	Administrative Assistant
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Hanson & Doremus Investment Management, Inc., please visit www.hansoninvestment.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































Blog — Hanson & Doremus


































Menu








 
 
Phone Number




Your Custom Text Here


















The 2-Minute Thought: In the Gig Economy, the Phillips Curve Gets Flattened


July 27, 2017
Julie Won




In a June speech, Andrew Haldane, Chief Economist at the Bank of England, said that much is well with the UK.  The economy has had 17 consecutive quarters of growth, consumer and business confidence is solid, and the jobs market is strong.  Employment is at its highest rate since 1973, while unemployment is at its lowest since 1975. But one thing that has been disappointing and puzzling is wage growth.  In spite of good output and jobs numbers, wages have risen little since the financial crisis – much as has been the case in other developed economies.  The puzzle is, if the jobs market is booming, why aren’t wages rising?As every first-level economics student learns, we expect to see wages rise as unemployment falls -- the traditional relationship depicted by the Phillips curve.  And yet in recent years, this hasn’t happened.  As shown in this chart from Haldane’s speech, the Phillips curve has flattened:







My source: “Work, Wages and Monetary Policy,” speech by Andrew G Haldane at National Science and Media Museum, Bradford, June 20, 2017Many have focused on slow productivity growth as the main cause – or they direct attention to big structural changes in labor markets due to technology and globalization.  But Haldane points out that there is more than that.  There is also the changing nature of work. In particular, Haldane is talking about lower union participation and the growing numbers of self-employed, flexible, and part-time workers.  Call it the gig economy.  Call it the “casualization” of work.  Today, jobs are different. The evidence on how lower unionization erodes wages is pretty clear.  Unions historically have been associated with a wage premium of 10 – 15% in the UK because the collective bargaining power of the many is stronger than that of the individual.   As union participation has declined, so have the positive effects that collective bargaining power has on wages.Haldane suggests there’s a like change with the rise of self-employment and flexible work.   As work has become less structured, more informal, and “more divisible at the level of the individual worker,” more people are being paid by the task or hour than in the past.  As a result, wage negotiation has become less collective and more idiosyncratic.  Indeed, there’s some evidence that self-employment is associated with a wage discount of 15% -- a discount perhaps given in exchange for greater flexibility or control over one’s work.What’s interesting is Haldane’s suggestion that today’s gig economy resembles the nature of work before the Industrial Revolution.  In the old, artisanal days, there usually weren’t any unions.  Most pre-industrial workers were self-employed, got paid by the piece, and had flexible hours.  Whether you were milking cows or sewing buttons, work was task- or piece-based.  And while not too much should be read into this, Haldane points out that pre-industrialization Phillips curves were similar to today’s: in his words, “as flat as a pancake.”  







My source: “Work, Wages and Monetary Policy,” speech by Andrew G Haldane at National Science and Media Museum, Bradford, June 20, 2017Note: The 2-Minute Thought will be on break next week and return on August 10.  

Sign up to receive “The 2-Minute Thought” weekly by email.


























The 2-Minute Thought: America is Number One; China is the Center of the Universe


July 20, 2017
Julie Won




America is number one.  China is center of universe.  America is freedom.  China is order.  America is now.  China is eternity. These ideas come from Harvard professor Graham Allison’s new book, Destined For War: Can America and China Escape Thucydides’s Trap? The main point of the book isn’t to elucidate the differences between China and the U.S.  It is to explain why war between the U.S. and China is more likely than most people think -- even though neither country would want war or find it beneficial.  But Allison’s thesis is that when a rising power challenges a ruling power, structural stresses can lead to war even when it’s neither party’s intent.  That’s a situation that has arisen multiple times throughout history, and today, the U.S. is the ruling power, while China is the rising power. To push the thesis forward, the book does go into how very different the U.S. and China are in culture and orientation, since these differences can exacerbate rivalry.  In a table called “America and China, Clash of Cultures,” Allison reminds us that the way we see the world can be very different from the way others do:  







While Allison says both the U.S. and China have enormous superiority complexes – hence, the “number one” and “center of universe” descriptors – the similarities end there.China treasures its 5,000 years of history – during most of which it saw itself as the world’s middle kingdom and preserver of order.  The younger U.S., in contrast, takes pride in having built itself from scratch while promoting individual liberty.The U.S. believes in solving problems, facing each issue anew and then moving on to the next one.  China, in contrast, believes that it is only possible to “manage” certain problems, and that solutions also give rise to other problems that can evolve over years, decades, or even centuries.Americans believe that the universal rights and freedoms they hold dear could benefit everyone around the world (hence, the “missionary” label in the table above).  But the ever-pragmatic Chinese do not worry about trying to convert others to their values. And while the U.S. often rationalizes its actions on the world stage in terms of “rules of law” or protections of freedoms, the Chinese have never felt the need to rationalize anything. “Chinese strategy,” Allison says, “is unabashedly realpolitik,” which allows China to be “ruthlessly flexible.” In looking at Allison’s table, it’s hard not be struck by the idea that we don’t understand China as well as we should.  What’s most remarkable is how long-term China’s perspective is.  Allison says, “Chinese seek victory not in a decisive battle but through incremental moves designed to gradually improve their position,” and that patient accumulation of advantage is something worth carefully observing.

Sign up to receive “The 2-Minute Thought” weekly by email.


























We’re Talking the Smiley Face Economy Here…


July 19, 2017
Eric Hanson












President Trump is intent on bringing manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. He is convinced that “making things” is the Holy Grail to making America Great Again.It is true manufacturing has declined as a percentage of the economy. Back 50 years ago a quarter of America’s production was manufacturing. Today it is 12%. But America still makes a lot of things. The value of America’s manufacturing is bigger than that of Germany and Japan combined. We are manufacturing more and more today, it’s just that we are doing it with fewer and fewer people.Stan Shih, the founder of Acer, a Taiwanese maker of computer components and laptops, once said that manufacturing is a little like the Smiley Face. You make your money at both edges of the “Smile Curve.” The left edge is where you design the product. The right edge is where you brand and market. The middle is where you actually manufacture but it is also where you make the least money.Apple is a good example. The company’s profit margin is over 20% versus the average US manufacturer of 5%-8%. Apple makes virtually none of its own products but it does the crucial things; it designs the phones and laptops and then it creates the sizzle, branding and marketing them superbly.Much of Apple’s manufacturing is done by the Taiwanese company Hon Hai/Foxconn, which employs a million people in China. The chart below shows what happened when it moved into Zhengzhou, an inland city in China with lower wages than the main Hon Hai factories on the coast. The Zhengzhou facility has gone from zero employees in 2010 to 250,000 today.







So Hon Hai must be making a ton of money, right? Well actually Hon Hai’s profit margin is only 3.5%. Remember, Apple’s profit margin is over 20%. The process of assembling Apple phones in China accounts for only 3.6% of total iPhone costs.The lesson here is that the big money in making things is not in making things, but in the design and branding. Instead of worrying so much about bringing manufacturing jobs back we should be focusing on how to create a climate which will lead to the development of new products and new markets. We should be focusing on education and on encouraging foreign talent to come here or stay here after college to develop their best ideas.Companies that bring manufacturing jobs back will bring fewer jobs than the original factories employed. The reason is robots and automation, which are the way of the future. Apple has pledged to grow US manufacturing. Its first venture is with Corning Glass to make world beating Gorilla Glass even more innovative.  But all these new jobs require advanced skills. Part of the Smiley Face Economy is about manufacturing, but not the manufacturing your grandfather would recognize.    


















Following Up on Odds and Ends…


July 19, 2017
Eric Hanson




You might remember back in December we wrote about some common cuckoos who spend the Spring and early Summer in the wetlands near Beijing, China and then migrate South. No one knew exactly where these cuckoos went so scientists fitted five birds with micro solar tags connected to satellites. Two of the birds were lost but three made it not only to India but an additional 2,300 non-stop miles to the East coast of Africa. So where are these birds today? Two of them made it all the way back from Africa and are now happily feasting on caterpillars in the Beijing wetlands.  Three of the original five didn’t make it or lost their responders.  The survivors, Flappy and Meng, covered over 19,000 miles.  Remember these birds weigh all of 3.5 oz.  Quite a story of evolution and the diversity of our world.







Speaking of evolution, someone once said that life is all about chance and the laws of physics.  The three tagged cuckoos who didn’t make it had their luck run out.  Humans like to say, “there but for the grace of God go I.” We humans never know when our luck is going to run out as recent random terrorist attacks around the world attest. 







The Economist did a piece some years back about luck and the laws of physics (and in this case, the laws of geology). In April 1815 Mount Tambora, a volcano on the Indonesian island of Sumbawa, erupted.  It was, and still is, the most powerful eruption of the past 500 years, and as the chart above shows, volcanoes have an effect for years on global climate and the global economy.  In the case of Tambora, agriculture suffered, famines ensued and climate-wise, some areas got incredible amounts of rain while other previously lush areas went bone dry.    What is the point of all this? First, that we can’t do much about disasters, either natural ones or even man-made ones. (The only good news about volcanos is we usually get advance notice before eruptions). A second point is, the best way to position ourselves for calamities is to be balanced.  In our investments, this means holding some real estate, some stocks and some bonds. We just don’t know what the future holds. Most all of us crave certainty but certainty is not something we can buy, even at the highest prices. So be careful what you pay for investments. Be a skeptic and a Value investor. Stay as balanced as possible, live within your means and yes, be an optimist and hope for the best.  This last part is probably good health advice! 










































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















	The Adviser Center: Hanson & Doremus Investment Management - InvestmentNews 
	














































































































Hanson & Doremus Investment Management
Hanson & Doremus Investment Management




Share:





431 Pine Street Suite 302Burlington, VT 05401802-658-2668hansondoremus.com 

No. advisers: 8AUM: $356,476,492 













Asset BreakdownRecruitment & Staffing









Asset Breakdown


Asset BreakdownRecruitment & Staffing 













Staff


Employees
8


Clients


High-net-worth individuals
11-25%


Financial planning clients
N/A


High-net-worth client assets
Up to 25%


Compensation


Percentage of assets under management
Yes


Hourly charges
Yes


Subscription fees
No


Fixed fees
Yes


Commissions
No


Performance-based fees
No










 



Total AUM
Total Accounts
Avg. Account AUM


Discretionary
$322,080,577
840
$383,429


Non-discretionary
34395915
27
$1,273,923


Total
$356,476,492
867
$411,161












Notes
N/A = Not available
N/D = Not disclosed
— = Information not available or not disclosed



Purchase the data and information contained in the RIA Data Center in an Excel spreadsheet.For comments or suggestions about the Adviser Center, please contact us.Reprints: For reprints of these rankings, please contact Laura Picariello.*Methodology: InvestmentNews qualified
1,906 firms headquartered in the United States based on data reported on Form ADV to the Securities and Exchange Commission as of May 1, 2017. To qualify, firms must have met the following criteria: (1) latest ADV filing date is either on or after January
1, 2017, (2) total AUM is at least $100M, (3) does not have employees who are registered representatives of a broker-dealer, (4) provided investment advisory services to clients during its most recently completed fiscal year, (5) no more than 50% of amount
of regulatory assets under management is attributable to pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies), (6) no more than 25% of amount of regulatory assets under management is attributable to pension and profit-sharing plans (but not the plan
participants), (7) no more than 25% of amount of regulatory assets under management is attributable to corporations or other businesses, (8) does not receive commissions, (9) provides financial planning services, (10) is not actively engaged in business as
a broker-dealer (registered or unregistered), (11) is not actively engaged in business as a registered representative of a broker-dealer, (12) has neither a related person who is a broker-dealer/municipal securities dealer/government securities broker or dealer
(registered or unregistered) nor one who is an insurance company or agency. 

















Featured video

		Events
Pershing's Dolly: Lessons in leadershipWomen are holding top leadership roles as CEOs of some of the industrys top firms, but its still the exception rather than the norm.  Lisa Dolly of Pershing talks about how to balance it all.Video SpotlightWill It Last As Long As Your Clients Do?Sponsored by Prudential	INTV
Ed Slott: The conversation advisers need to have with spousal IRA beneficiaries




Channels

INTV
Events
Practice Makeover
Smarter in 60 Seconds
Secrets Behind Success
Gadget Girl
The Secret Life of...
Consuelo Mack Wealthtrack









Latest news & opinion




On Social Security, financial advisers tell clients to not count on much
Beyond debating its solvency, advisers embrace the reality of a broken system.






More advisers disapprove of Trump job performance at six-month mark
More than half of respondents to InvestmentNews poll say their confidence has dropped since start of term. Supporters give him partial credit for market uptick. 






Fidelity taps Goldman Sachs to expand lending services through RIAs
Streamlined non-purpose loans use investment portfolios as collateral.






Jay Clayton says SEC, DOL can give market 'clarity' on fiduciary rule
Chief regulator is confident two agencies could reach 'common ground' on an investment advice standard across all accounts. 






Vanguard winning at bond inflows, too
But iShares is strong competition.





 
 


















Subscribe to Print
Newsletter Sign-up
Register





Now in print


This week's issue
To download the full contents of this week's issue, click here.
Past Issues
July 8, 2017
June 24, 2017
June 17, 2017


Subscribe to Print



Get daily news & intel

The pulse of the financial advisory industry.








Breaking news and in-depth coverage of essential topics delivered straight to your inbox.
view all newsletters





Connect with us

Register to access our archive of leading investment information and data









Follow @newsfromIN
Follow @eventsfromIN
Follow @statsfromIN


Follow InvestmentNews
Financial Adviser Group
Retirement Income Summit Group
Alternative Investments Conference
40 Under 40


Like us on Facebook
Like our fan page to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews.



Latest News & Opinion
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews.


















































 




Hanson & Doremus Investment Management Inc                                                                               - Burlington                                        , VT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VT



Burlington



Security Brokers and Dealers



Investment Firm, General Brokerage



                            Hanson & Doremus Investment Management Inc
                                    



 





















H 


Hanson & Doremus Investment Management Inc                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



431 PINE ST STE 302 BURLINGTON, VT 05401
Get Directions



(802) 658-2668
www.hansondoremus.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 1995
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $670,000.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Investment Firm, General Brokerage
 Contacts Eric Hanson                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Hanson & Doremus Investment Management Inc                                                                               is located at 431 Pine St Ste 302 in Burlington and has been in the business of Investment Firm, General Brokerage since 1995. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














HANSON & DOREMUS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Reviews - BURLINGTON, VT | Public ReputationTo access your free listing please call1 (866) 545-9612 to verifyyou’re the business owner or authorized representative.Monday - Friday 9am to 5pm ET××Click to Correct ErrorsPhone: 800-217-9233Email: citations@publicreputation.comPrintBaseline ReportGenerated {{::bc.createdDateReport.createdDateReport}}HANSON & DOREMUS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT431 PINE ST STE 302,BURLINGTON,Vermont05401{{::bc.getPhoneDash('8026582668')}}Reputation ScoreThis report shows you an overview of the accuracy of your business’s information                                        across the web. Your local listings are your business’s pages on popular                                        directories and citations across the web. Having the correct information on                                        these pages is vital to being found by your local customers, especially when                                        they’re getting ready to make a purchase. Here, you can see how easily or how                                        difficult it is for someone to find your business online.Local Pages & DirectoriesThis report shows you an overview of the accuracy of your business’s information                                    across the web. Your local listings are your business’s pages on popular                                    directories and citations across the web. Having the correct information on                                    these pages is vital to being found by your local customers, especially when                                    they’re getting ready to make a purchase. Here, you can see how easily or how                                    difficult it is for someone to find your business online.Visibility ScoreScore BreakdownListings Present{{bc.visibilityScore.listingsPresent}}Listings Checked{{::bc.visibilityScore.listingsChecked}}NAP Consistency{{::bc.visibilityScore.napConsistancy}}%Listing PresentNot Yet ListedAction RequiredLocal Page or DirectoryHANSON & DOREMUS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT{{row.siteId}}View ListingN{{row.report.name}}A{{row.report.address}},                                {{row.report.city}}, {{row.report.state}} {{row.report.zip}}P{{row.report.phone}}No Listing Found!SyncedIn ProgressUnsynced*Partner Listing SyncLocal Page or Directory{{row.siteId}}view listingN{{row.report.name}}A{{row.report.address}},                                {{row.report.city}}, {{row.report.state}}, {{row.report.zip}}P{{row.report.phone}}No Listing Found!SyncedIn ProgressUnsyncedReviewsThis report gives you an overview of the quantity and quality of your online                                        reviews. Your online reviews are your biggest earned asset. They’re the digital                                        equivalent of word of mouth advertising. Your review profile should have a high                                        average rating, but not perfect, among a high quantity of reviews across multiple                                        platforms.Review ScoreScore BreakdownAverage Rating{{rc.reviewScore.averageRating}}Review Quantity{{rc.reviewScore.reviewQuantity}}Review Presence{{rc.reviewScore.reviewPresence}}%Public Reputation ReviewsNo Data Available{{rc.totalPRReviewsCount}}Google ReviewsUnsynced Data{{rc.findReviewRating('google').totalReviews}}Review SummaryPublic Reputation{{rc.totalPRReviewsCount}} Review(s){{review.social}}{{review.social}}Walk ScoreGoogle{{review.totalReviews}} Review(s){{review.totalReviews}}                            Review(s){{review.totalReviews}}score        This business has{{rc.totals.length-5}}additional sourcesRatingsSearch Analytics For Subscribers OnlyFind out how your listings are doing when you subscribe now.Subscribe NowContact UsPublic Reputation accepts no liability for the availability or contents of scan results, which may vary based on the information we receive from our partners. This scanning tool is supplied on an "as is" and "as available" basis. To the fullest extent under applicable law, Public Reputation makes no, and disclaims all, warranties, guarantees and representations, whether express, implied, oral or otherwise.What's this HANSON & DOREMUS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENTClaim this businessBURLINGTON, VermontAll ReviewsNo reviews                                 View Photos                                 No Photos                                 Share ThisCheck Your ListingsBusiness detailsCheck Your Listings431 PINE ST STE 302 BURLINGTON, Vermont 05401No Hours Of Operation listed(802) 658-2668No Website ListedNo Social Accounts AddedWhat's this Review summaryPublic Reputation{{rc.totalPRReviewsCount}} Review(s){{review.social}}{{review.social}}Walk ScoreGoogle{{review.totalReviews}} Review(s){{review.totalReviews}}                            Review(s){{review.totalReviews}}score        This business has{{rc.totals.length-5}}additional sourcesWrite A reviewMore infoAlternative Phone:N/AFax Number:N/AContact(s):N/AAccepts Reservations:noNumber of Employees:N/APayment methods:Visa, Visa, Visa, Visa, Visa, Visa, Visa, Visa, Visa, Visa, PayPal, PayPal, PayPalproductseventsbiosLess infoRecommended Businesses NearbySOKOLOWSKI INVESTMENT ADVISORSKRAUS M & COMPANYAMS ManagementClaim this businessPublic Reputation helped these businesses manage their online presence.Become a 5-star business just like them.*The dry cleaning industry is incredibly competitive in the local market. Posh French Cleaners had all but lost hope                in their attempt at rank well in local search results. By asking their customers to leave reviews for all four locations and acting fast to manage their local listings,                they've been able to appear on the first page of search results consistently for over 8 months.See How I LookHearUSA has over 200 locations nationwide and with dynamic landing pages for each of their local offices they faced a challenge when it came to optimizing for local SEO.                Within 30 days of utilizing their Business Profile Pages as local landing pages, they saw 1st page results on Google and other search engines.See How I LookAroma360 needed a quick way to get all of their local search results synced and get their business profile ranking on search engines.                Within 60 days of fixing their local search results, the company saw their completed business profile and positive reviews ranking on the first page of Google.See How I LookNew to the market, AnnMarie Saba was looking for affordable and competitive landing pages to build up her reputation as an area expert.                AnnMarie asked her clients to leave her reviews on her business profile and within 90 days, she saw her page ranking locally over competitor pages.See How I LookWhat People Are Saying about  HANSON & DOREMUS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENTPublic Reputation helped these businesses manage their online presence.Become a 5-star business just like them.*The dry cleaning industry is incredibly competitive in the local market. Posh French Cleaners had all but lost hope                in their attempt at rank well in local search results. By asking their customers to leave reviews for all four locations and acting fast to manage their local listings,                they've been able to appear on the first page of search results consistently for over 8 months.See How I LookHearUSA has over 200 locations nationwide and with dynamic landing pages for each of their local offices they faced a challenge when it came to optimizing for local SEO.                Within 30 days of utilizing their Business Profile Pages as local landing pages, they saw 1st page results on Google and other search engines.See How I LookAroma360 needed a quick way to get all of their local search results synced and get their business profile ranking on search engines.                Within 60 days of fixing their local search results, the company saw their completed business profile and positive reviews ranking on the first page of Google.See How I LookNew to the market, AnnMarie Saba was looking for affordable and competitive landing pages to build up her reputation as an area expert.                AnnMarie asked her clients to leave her reviews on her business profile and within 90 days, she saw her page ranking locally over competitor pages.See How I LookLOAD MORE REVIEWS