

HAP Trading, chief fined $1.5 million for options manipulation | Reuters

























































































Discover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupport3 years agoHAP Trading, chief fined $1.5 million for options manipulation#Russia#Trump#Earnings#Healthcare#CyberRisk#FutureOfMoney#Energy&EnvironmentSectionsBusinessMarketsWorldPoliticsTechCommentaryBreakingviewsMoneyLifePicturesReuters TVDiscover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupportFeaturedNORTH KOREANorth Korea tests another ICBM, putting U.S. cities in rangeHealthcare Republicans try to pick up the piecesU.S.Majority of Americans support transgender military servicePicturesReuters TVEditionUnited StatesAfricaAmérica LatinaعربيArgentinaBrasilCanada中国DeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItalia日本MéxicoРОССИЯUnited KingdomUnited States#Business NewsMay 12, 2014 /  10:23 PM / 3 years agoHAP Trading, chief fined $1.5 million for options manipulation2 Min ReadCHICAGO (Reuters) - Financial exchanges run by CBOE Holdings Inc, NASDAQ OMX Group Inc and IntercontinentalExchange Group Inc on Monday said they fined a trading firm and its chief $1.5 million for manipulating options markets. In addition, a trader was fined $250,000. New York-based HAP Trading LLC and Chief Executive Harsh Padia were ordered to give up $1.25 million in profits and pay $250,000 in penalties for manipulation and for failing to properly supervise an employee, according to a statement from the exchanges. Proprietary trader Saagar Gupta engaged in "cross-product manipulation" on behalf of HAP Trading on multiple dates from May to July 2010, the statement said. He was suspended from trading for three months and fined $250,000 by the Chicago Board Options Exchange, owned by CBOE, NASDAQ OMX PHLX, and by NYSE MKT and NYSE Arca, which are owned by ICE. HAP Trading could not be reached for comment. CBOE and NASDAQ had previously disciplined HAP Trading for other violations, according to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. The firm is no longer registered with FINRA, according to the regulator's website. CBOE, which was fined $6 million last year for failing to police its own marketplace properly, this year unveiled tighter rules for traders to help prevent fraud. The New York Stock Exchange this month agreed to pay $4.5 million to settle charges brought by U.S. securities regulators that the exchange flouted its own rules. Reporting by Tom Polansek; Editing by Dan Grebler0 : 0narrow-browser-and-phonemedium-browser-and-portrait-tabletlandscape-tabletmedium-wide-browserwide-browser-and-largermedium-browser-and-landscape-tabletmedium-wide-browser-and-largerabove-phoneportrait-tablet-and-aboveabove-portrait-tabletlandscape-tablet-and-abovelandscape-tablet-and-medium-wide-browserportrait-tablet-and-belowlandscape-tablet-and-belowAppsNewslettersReuters PlusAdvertising GuidelinesCookiesTerms of UsePrivacyAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.



Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	HAP TRADING Trademark of HAP Trading, LLC. Serial Number: 85212832 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
HAP TRADING










 
Get FREE email alerts













HAP TRADING  Trademark Information
 HAP Trading, LLC
Financial services, namely, dealing in securities as a market maker and proprietary trading in securities, options, equities, futures, commodities, currencies and fixed income in the United States and overseas securities markets




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         dealing   securities   market   maker   proprietary   trading   securities      options      equities      futures      commodities      currencies   fixed   income   united   states   overseas    
                                    




This is a brand page for the HAP TRADING trademark by HAP Trading, LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10004.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this HAP TRADING trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner HAP Trading, LLC of the HAP TRADING trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the HAP TRADING trademark.
                           






On Friday, January 07, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        HAP TRADING by 
                        HAP Trading, LLC, New York, NY  10004.
                        The USPTO has given the HAP TRADING 
                        trademark serial  number of  85212832.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for HAP TRADING is 
                        
                        
                                            HAP TRADING, LLC of 
                                            33 WHITEHALL ST,  FL 6, NEW YORK, NY 10004-2107 
                                .
                            The HAP TRADING trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for HAP TRADING 
                            is Financial services, namely, dealing in securities as a market maker and proprietary trading in securities, options, equities, futures, commodities, currencies and fixed income in the United States and overseas securities markets. 
                            





Word mark:
 HAP TRADING


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

12/6/2011

Estimated Renewal Deadline: December 6, 2017See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85212832


  Filing Date:  
1/7/2011


 Registration Number:  
4066059 


 Registration Date:  
12/6/2011


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, dealing in securities as a market maker and proprietary trading in securities, options, equities, futures, commodities, currencies and fixed income in the United States and overseas securities markets


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
9/20/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

HAP Trading, LLCNew York, NY  10004
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("TRADING")


 Correspondent:


HAP TRADING, LLC
33 WHITEHALL ST
FL 6
NEW YORK, NY 10004-2107






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/1/2009


First Use In Commerce: 
10/1/2009





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your HAP TRADING trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/6/2011
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



HAP TRADING, LLC


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of HAP TRADING trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search haptrading on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for HAP TRADING 




HAP TRADING is providing Financial services, namely, dealing in securities as a market maker and proprietary trading in securities, options, equities, futures, commodities, currencies and fixed income in the United States and overseas securities markets.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















HAP Trading, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:26 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of HAP Trading, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
HAP Trading, LLC operates as a broker-dealer for trading. HAP Trading, LLC was formerly known as PFTC Trading, LLC and changed its name to HAP Trading, LLC in November 2009. The company was founded in 1997 and is based in New York, New York.


33 Whitehall Street6th FloorNew York, NY 10004United StatesFounded in 1997



Phone: 212-380-5100

hap-capital.com







Key Executives for HAP Trading, LLC


HAP Trading, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact HAP Trading, LLC, please visit hap-capital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























HAP Trading LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























hap trading llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
HAP Trading LLC operates as a brokerage firm. The Company provides trading and brokerage of securities for institutional investors.




Corporate Information
Address:

33 Whitehall Street
New York, NY 10004
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











HAP Capital - About Us




























With over a decade of  consistent successes, HAP Capital extracts value and provides efficiency to the  markets through our market-making and portfolio managers.
HAP Capital's market-making utilizes proprietary applications to make pricing decisions in a consistent, rational, and disciplined manner. We compete for the right to transact with other market participants on the basis of superior price and speed of execution.  Acting as a liquidity and efficiency provider to the marketplace, we identify the demand for specific equity and index options and proactively demonstrate our willingness to buy or sell to satisfy that demand.





HAP Capital's individual portfolio managers speed the market price discovery process while extracting expected value in an environment constructed to enable, promote and reward proven alpha and well thought out risk-taking. 
HAP Capital differentiates itself from most other firms in the space in its internally-developed quantitative approach to its trading strategy and business model.








HAP CAPITAL | 395 Hudson Street | Suite 701 | New York, NY 10014 | (212) 380 5100

All Contents © 2010 HAP CAPITAL. All rights reserved.



































		
		
		Hap Trading Trimmed Gilead Sciences (GILD) Holding By $30.03 Million; Owens & Minor (OMI)'s Sentiment Is 0.98 - Utah Herald
		
		
		
		

 


















 














































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News
Contact






Hap Trading Trimmed Gilead Sciences (GILD) Holding By $30.03 Million; Owens & Minor (OMI)’s Sentiment Is 0.98


					

						July 28, 2017 - By Vivian Currie

Hap Trading Llc decreased Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD) stake by 96.87% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Hap Trading Llc sold 422,914 shares as Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)’s stock declined 8.05%. The Hap Trading Llc holds 13,686 shares with $980,000 value, down from 436,600 last quarter. Gilead Sciences Inc now has $99.02B valuation. The stock rose 1.09% or $0.82 reaching $75.78. About 3.37 million shares traded. Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) has declined 21.80% since July 28, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 38.50% the S&P500.
Owens & Minor, Inc. is a healthcare services firm that connects the world of medical products to the point of care. The company has market cap of $1.98 billion. The Firm provides supply chain assistance to the providers of healthcare services and the manufacturers of healthcare products, supplies and devices. It has a 19.1 P/E ratio. The Company’s divisions include Domestic, International and Clinical & Procedural Solutions .






Since January 1, 0001, it had 0 insider buys, and 6 sales for $1.26 million activity. 
Analysts await Owens & Minor, Inc. (NYSE:OMI) to report earnings on August, 1. They expect $0.43 EPS, down 17.31% or $0.09 from last year’s $0.52 per share. OMI’s profit will be $26.38 million for 18.77 P/E if the $0.43 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.41 actual EPS reported by Owens & Minor, Inc. for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 4.88% EPS growth. 
Sector Gamma As holds 1.42% of its portfolio in Owens & Minor, Inc. for 214,172 shares. Adirondack Research & Management Inc. owns 117,687 shares or 1.41% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Cwm Llc has 1.33% invested in the company for 614,312 shares. The Pennsylvania-based Irving Magee Investment Management has invested 1.06% in the stock. Nine Chapters Capital Management Llc, a New Jersey-based fund reported 15,700 shares.
 About 139,615 shares traded. Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) has declined 11.64% since July 28, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 28.34% the S&P500.
Since February 1, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 10 sales for $28.29 million activity. MARTIN JOHN C also sold $4.78M worth of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) shares. 5,000 shares were sold by Alton Gregg H, worth $337,392 on Thursday, March 30. Another trade for 9,943 shares valued at $668,667 was sold by Cogan John Francis. WILSON GAYLE E sold $1.41M worth of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) on Thursday, February 23.
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.7 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.23, from 0.93 in 2016Q3. It dropped, as 106 investors sold GILD shares while 656 reduced holdings. 111 funds opened positions while 421 raised stakes. 950.84 million shares or 0.69% more from 944.29 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Rothschild Asset invested in 589,952 shares or 0.54% of the stock. Klingenstein Fields Llc has 0.45% invested in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD). Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Mngmt Il has 15,796 shares. Allstate owns 76,442 shares. Aviance Prtnrs Ltd Liability stated it has 15,719 shares or 0.4% of all its holdings. 2.82 million are owned by Ameriprise. Renaissance Grp Inc Ltd Liability Company holds 0.98% of its portfolio in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) for 339,216 shares. Gemmer Asset Mngmt Ltd Limited Liability Company holds 0.04% or 1,125 shares in its portfolio. Security Natl Tru holds 0.82% or 31,849 shares in its portfolio. 210,532 were reported by Cibc Ww Mkts. Compton Capital Mgmt Inc Ri has invested 2.45% in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD). Ftb Advsrs Inc holds 0.64% of its portfolio in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) for 64,276 shares. Catalyst Capital Advsrs Ltd Liability Company has invested 0.22% in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD). Argi Inv Svcs Limited owns 13,297 shares or 0.08% of their US portfolio. 577 are owned by Motco.
Among 30 analysts covering Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD), 19 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 11 Hold. Therefore 63% are positive. Gilead Sciences had 79 analyst reports since July 29, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock has “Hold” rating by Jefferies on Tuesday, March 15. The firm earned “Market Perform” rating on Friday, December 4 by Wells Fargo. Standpoint Research initiated the stock with “Buy” rating in Wednesday, February 3 report. The rating was upgraded by Jefferies on Tuesday, September 6 to “Buy”. The stock of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) earned “Equal-Weight” rating by Morgan Stanley on Thursday, May 26. The firm earned “Outperform” rating on Wednesday, November 2 by RBC Capital Markets. The firm has “Buy” rating by Mizuho given on Tuesday, July 25. Maxim Group maintained Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) rating on Wednesday, July 29. Maxim Group has “Buy” rating and $129 target. As per Friday, July 29, the company rating was downgraded by Argus Research. Bank of America upgraded the shares of GILD in report on Monday, January 18 to “Neutral” rating.
Hap Trading Llc increased Conocophillips (Put) (NYSE:COP) stake by 78,900 shares to 105,300 valued at $1.59 million in 2016Q4. It also upped Vaneck Vectors Etf Tr (Put) stake by 734,200 shares and now owns 1.30M shares. Ishares Tr (Put) (IBB) was raised too. 



Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.












 




Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

New York Times Co (NYT) Reaches $19.30 After 3.00% Down Move; Finisar (FNSR) Has 1.24 Sentiment


Vicor (VICR) Reaches $18.55 After 5.00% Down Move; Uss Investment Management LTD Boosted Its Progressive Ohio (PGR) Position


Hite Hedge Asset Management Trimmed Its Teekay Lng Partners LP (TGP) Holding; Bioamber (BIOA) SI Decreased By 3.3%


Numeric Investors Has Upped First Finl Ind (THFF) Stake; Navigators Group (NAVG) Sentiment Is 1.06


Leavell Investment Management Has Raised Albemarle Com (ALB) Holding; Mueller Industries Has 1.21 Sentiment


Luminus Management Has Increased Kinder Morgan Del (KMI) Holding; Sothebys (BID) Shorts Raised By 0.75%


Insight Capital Research & Management Has Cut By $1.85 Million Its Edwards Life Sciences (EW) Holding, Last Week Ortac Resources Ltd (LON:OTC) Coverage


Salem Investment Counselors Has Upped Its Costco Whsl New (COST) Stake; First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) Sentiment Is 1.21


Carret Asset Management Has Trimmed By $340,800 Its Bed Bath & Beyond (BBBY) Position, Cubic Has 1.33 Sentiment


Ashford Capital Management Upped Its Stamps.Com  (STMP) Stake; Argo Group International Holdings LTD (AGII)’s Sentiment Is 1.35






© Copyright 2010-2017 Utah Herald

				

			



		
















            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle







Twitter Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com
















Hap Trading, LLC                                                                                                         - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Security and Commodity Service



Stock Transfer Agents



                            Hap Trading, LLC
                                    



 





















H 


Hap Trading, LLC                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2 RECTOR ST FL 3 NEW YORK, NY 10006
Get Directions



(212) 659-3814
 





Business Info



 Founded 1996
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,730,614.00
 Employee Count 21
 Industries Stock Transfer Agents
 Contacts Thomas Wuu                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Hap Trading, Llc                                                                                                         was founded in 1996. Hap Trading, Llc                                                                                                         specializes in Stock Transfer Agents. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














