


Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  If I'm being rejected from one thing, it's really just the path redirecting me elsewhere to where I'm supposed to be. Amani Al-Khatahtbeh, Founder of MuslimGirl       Promod Haque • Norwest Venture Partners        Stay in Touch stay in touch  NVP    Featured CompaniesCasper Clarus Commerce Engagio FireEye Intersect ENT Jet Kendra Scott Skybox  Contact Careers  linked in  twitter  facebook     Promod HaqueSenior Managing PartnerStage: VentureFocus: EnterpriseLocation: Palo Altotwitterlinkedin  Promod has 25 years of experience in the venture capital industry and currently serves as senior managing partner at Norwest Venture Partners. Promod joined Norwest in 1990, and has invested in more than 70 companies since he began his venture career. His investments have been worth more than $40B in aggregate exit value to date, as 25 of his portfolio companies have gone public and 37 have been acquired (or have gone public and been acquired). In 2014 and 2016, Forbes recognized Promod as a “Hall of Fame” investor. 2017 marked Promod’s thirteenth appearance on the annual Forbes Midas List, including 2004, when he was ranked the #1 venture capitalist based on performance over the previous decade. In 2006, Promod was presented with a Global Leadership award from NASSCOM, and he was honored with the 2011 SV Forum Visionary Award based on his outstanding achievements and contributions to the technology industry.Recent liquidity events in Promod’s portfolio include API management leader Apigee (acquired by Google; Nasdaq: APIC); cyber security leader FireEye (Nasdaq: FEYE); Skybox Imaging, a commercial high-resolution satellite imagery, high-definition video and analytics services company that was acquired by Google for $500 million; and cloud security leader Palerra, which was acquired by Oracle.  In addition, NTT Communications acquired Virtela for a total transaction price of $525 million. Promod was the founding investor and Chairman of the Board of Virtela, which is a company that Norwest incubated.Promod focuses on investments across a wide variety of sectors including systems and IT infrastructure, healthcare IT, software and services. His current investments include Appnomic Systems, Brite Semiconductor, CareCloud, CognitiveScale, Dtex Systems, Health Catalyst, PCH International, Prevedere, Shape Security, Simpplr, SlashNext, and Sulekha.He was an early investor and a board member of FireEye (Nasdaq: FEYE), Cerent (acquired by Cisco), Cast Iron Systems (acquired by IBM), Cyan (NYSE:CYNI), Siara Systems (acquired by Redback Networks), OnDisplay (acquired by Vignette), Winphoria Networks (acquired by Motorola) and Extreme Networks (Nasdaq: EXTR). Other notable investments and previous board seats include Skybox Imaging (acquired by Google), Tivoli Systems (acquired by IBM), Forte Software (acquired by Sun Microsystems), Kiva Software (acquired by Netscape), InsightsOne (acquired by Apigee), Information Advantage (acquired by Sterling Software), Arbortext (acquired by PTC), Open-Silicon (acquired by Unicorn Investment Bank), Resonext Communications (acquired by RF Micro Devices), Showcase (acquired by SPSS), Yipes (acquired by Reliance/Flag Telecom), AmberPoint (acquired by Oracle), Veveo (acquired by Rovi), Yatra (acquired by Terrain 3) and ZettaCom (acquired by IDT).Prior to Norwest Venture Partners, Promod spent 18 years in various operational roles ranging from product development, marketing, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Executive Officer at various public and private companies including Siemens International, Thorn EMI, Emergent Technologies and Dimensional Medicine, Inc.He received a bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering from the University of Delhi, India. He holds a Ph.D. in electrical engineering from Northwestern University and an MBA from Northwestern’s Kellogg Graduate School of Management, where he serves on the advisory board.   Active CompaniesAppnomic SoftwareBrite SemiconductorCareCloudCognitiveScaleDtex SystemsHealth CatalystPCH InternationalPrevedereShape SecuritySimpplrSlashNextSulekhaAlumni CompaniesActa TechnologyAmberPointApigeeArbortextCast Iron SystemsCerent CorporationCorsair CommunicationsCoSine CommunicationsCyan OpticsEscalateExtreme NetworksFireEyeForte SoftwareInformation AdvantageInsightsOneKiva Software CorporationNVE CorporationOnDisplayOpen-SiliconPalerraP-ComPersistent SystemsPrimus Knowledge SolutionsRedback NetworksResonext CommunicationsShoreTelShowcase CorporationSiara SystemsSkybox ImagingSPSSTivoliTransaction Systems ArchitectsVeveoVirtela CommunicationsWebStacksWinphoria NetworksYatraYipesZettaCom Blog & Newsletter Signup Name  Email  Subscribe        












Promod Haque - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Promod Haque
Former Board Member at Apigee Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Promod Haque? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Promod Haque's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Promod Haque's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Promod Haque's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Promod Haque through your network of contacts.
												








Promod Haque's Executive Work History


Past
To view Promod Haque's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
68

 


Promod Haque's Biography



Promod Haque has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2005. Mr. Haque has been a Senior Managing Partner of Norwest Venture Partners, a venture capital firm, since January 2013 and had previously served as a Managing Partner since 1990. He currently serves on the boards of directors of several privately held companies. He also previously served on the board of directors of FireEye, Inc., a provider of cybersecurity solutions, from March 2005 until October 2014, Persistent Systems Limited, a software product and technology services company, from November 2005 until November 2010 and Cyan, Inc., an enterprise network company ...
(Read More)

			Promod Haque has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2005. Mr. Haque has been a Senior Managing Partner of Norwest Venture Partners, a venture capital firm, since January 2013 and had previously served as a Managing Partner since 1990. He currently serves on the boards of directors of several privately held companies. He also previously served on the board of directors of FireEye, Inc., a provider of cybersecurity solutions, from March 2005 until October 2014, Persistent Systems Limited, a software product and technology services company, from November 2005 until November 2010 and Cyan, Inc., an enterprise network company, from April 2007 until August 2015, when it merged with Ciena Corporation. Mr. Haque holds a B.S. degree in electrical engineering from the University of Delhi, India, an M.B.A. degree from Northwestern University's Kellogg Graduate School of Management and a Ph.D. degree in electrical engineering from Northwestern University. 

We believe that Mr. Haque possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our board of directors, including his extensive experience in the venture capital industry analyzing, investing in and serving on the boards of directors of technology companies, as well as his perspective as a representative of our largest stockholder.
		
Source: Apigee Corporation on 11/25/2015
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Promod Haque's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Promod Haque. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Promod Haque's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Promod Haque's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Promod Haque through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Promod Haque


















Promod Haque's Connections (176)





Sign up now to view Promod Haque's 176 connections »









Michael J. Sheridan
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, FireEye, Inc.









David G. DeWalt
Executive Chairman of the Board, FireEye, Inc.









Alexa E. King
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, FireEye, Inc.









Wayne B. Lowell
Board Member, TriNet Group, Inc.









Bahman Mahbod
Former Senior Vice President, Engineering, FireEye, Inc.









Kenneth Levy
Former Chairman of the Board, KLA-Tencor Corporation









Jeffrey C. Williams
Former Senior Vice President, Americas Sales, FireEye, Inc.









G. Bradley Cole
Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, Genomic Health, Inc.









Vinod Khosla
Former Board Member, Square, Inc.









William D. Jenkins
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Barracuda Networks, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Venture Capitalist Promod Haque – Called by God to Business | Finding God in Silicon Valley


































































































 











	            	Menu	            	



Home
Blog
About
Events
News
Resources

Books by People on this Website
Churches
Top Books for the Skeptic
Books on Christian Faith
Non-Profits
Other online resources
FAQs


Store

Cart


Contact















Venture Capitalist Promod Haque – Called by God to Business

Business LeadersEntrepreneurs and VCsReason and FaithVenture Capitalist Promod Haque – Called by God to Business 







Venture Capitalist Promod Haque – Called by God to BusinessOctober 22, 2014Business Leaders, Entrepreneurs and VCs, Reason and Faith3

Is business a calling?  Most of us are familiar with people being called by God to become ministers, priests, or into some other vocational ministry.  But does God call some people to a career in business?  Top Silicon Valley Venture capitalist, Promod Haque, believes God called him to a career in business, but only after he first felt called to vocational ministry.
Career Crisis
The year was 1986.  Haque was CEO of a start-up company in Minnesota.  Three and a half years into his work, the company was struggling.  While Haque was re-considering his career decisions, he became aware of the seeker church movement led by Bill Hybels of Willow Creek Church, a mega church located in suburban Chicago.  As a marketing guy, Haque sensed that God might be calling him into vocational ministry as a church planter. He enrolled at Bethel Seminary in St. Paul in their part time M.Div. program while continuing as CEO.
All went well at the seminary until he enrolled in a class on spiritual gifts.  As part of that class, he took a test to assess his strengths.  The professor of the class called Haque into his office to go over the test results.  Much to Haque’s surprise, the professor told Haque, “You have no pastoral gifts.  You are a business guy and are in the wrong place.”  Haque comments, “It was a blow to hear that.  I was depressed and confused.  I thought this is what God wanted me to do.”
Haque admits he went through a tough couple of months asking God, “What do you want me to do?”  He sold his company to a larger company and started looking for jobs and found a position in venture capital with Norwest Venture Partners in Silicon Valley. It was the right fit.
Norwest Venture Partners
Haque worked his way up at Norwest to become a senior managing partner.  In his 24 years with the firm, Haque has invested in over 60 companies, producing more than $40 billion in exit value to date.  More than 20 companies have gone public, and many others have been acquired.  In 2014, Forbes Magazine recognized Haque as a “Hall of Fame” investor.  He has appeared on Forbes’s annual Midas List of top venture capitalists 10 times, including in 2004 when he was ranked as the “number one” venture capitalist. Reflecting on his career, Haque, who is now in his 60s remarks, “God helped and has blessed me in my career.  I think that the professor at Bethel was led by the Lord to get the right message to me.”
His Christian Faith
Faith is central to Haque’s life.  He views God as is “his CEO” in his business and in his life. He remarks,
I live by His rules and standards which are absolute.  And I take issues like justice, ethics, honesty, and integrity seriously.  I work at my job as I am working for Him, not for men.  And I fear Him, as that is the beginning of wisdom.
Haque became a follower of Christ at the age of 18 while in engineering school in India.  He grew up in what he calls “a nominal Christian family.”  But at a Youth for Christ meeting, God got his attention.  A pastor challenged him to have a personal relationship with Christ. “I was convicted of my sins and recognized my need to have a savior who would forgive my sins,” says Haque.  This led Haque to investigate the evidence for faith to strengthen his commitment.  He not only read the Bible, but also read history, including Jewish historian Flavius Josephus. “The fact that Jesus’s disciples were martyred for what they witnessed and believed was very convincing to me,” says Haque.
Faith Leads to Action
Faith to Haque is more than having a relationship with Christ.  Looking back, Haque sees that God wanted him in the business and venture capital world.  “But God also wanted me to serve Him and to be a good steward of what he has given me,” remarks Haque. “One of the things the Lord impressed on me was that the wealth I receive is not for me to live a flamboyant lifestyle.  He has a claim on it and wants me to give it away for ministry.  That is what I am called to do.”
Haque does not promote his generosity, but when pressed admits that he gives to many causes, including local and foreign charities engaged in discipleship, evangelism, and social justice.  Haque’s wife was brought up in a missionary family which served in Africa.  “She has interests in Africa.  I have interests in India and China,” says Haque.  “We give to causes in those areas and give locally.”
Haque is active in his church in Los Gatos and serves on the board of Biola University. Other charities he supports include: Opportunity International, which is focused on helping the poor; and the International Justice Mission, a U.S.-based non-profit organization helping abused people around the world.
Advice to Budding Entrepreneurs
Haque has looked at numerous business plans, met many entrepreneurs, and sits on the boards of several companies.  I asked Haque what advice he would give to someone who wants to start a business.  Although businesses and individuals are different, he emphasized these points:

Do you have domain experience? — “Although there are exceptions, when we invest, we want to make sure the entrepreneur has relevant experience in the domain in which they plan to operate.”
Is the product differentiated? — “We invest in companies engaged in domains in which it is difficult for someone to do a ‘me too’ product. We avoid companies and domains in which there are other ‘me too’ companies already operating.  Chances are that only two or three companies will succeed in a domain.  Others will fail.”
Is there a team with complementary talent? — “It is very difficult for one person to do everything.  A marketing person teamed with a product person makes a good team.  The product person knows how to build the product and the marketing person has the relationships and the talent to talk to perspective customers.”
Are you collaborative? – “We want to make sure that the entrepreneur is somewhat collaborative and open to suggestions.  If the entrepreneur is not open to suggestions or too highly opinionated, he could be difficult to influence, and chances are he won’t be able to work with anyone else.”

Perspective on Faith in Silicon Valley
Haque is part of the leadership team of a group called “Transforming the Bay with Christ” or TBC.  TBC has drawn together leading pastors, business leaders, venture capitalists, and non-profit leaders in an effort to serve the social needs in the community, such as homelessness, drug-use, and poverty, and to help foster the planting of new churches and the relevance of the Christian faith in the area.
Although the Bay Area is one of the most unchurched areas in the country and has one of the lowest rates of philanthropy, Haque is optimistic.
I see God working in San Francisco in particular.  The city’s being transformed economically and there is an interesting growth of churches in the city.  There is a tremendous need for people to come to know Jesus as their savior and have richer lives than the materialistic, consumer-driven life so many have today.  I have great hope for what is happening and see much opportunity for the Gospel to move in a very interesting way in the Bay Area.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) 



Tags:  


 Previous  Next  





Related Posts







 

“Funny You Should Ask” — The Story of Scientist and Entrepreneur Brian Martin 




 

Junkyard Wisdom — Roy Goble’s Story about Wealth and Generosity 




 

Inspiring Talks at the 2016 Silicon Valley Prayer Breakfast — Videos Now Available 




 

Following God’s Call 




 

Telos Ventures — Investing in God-centered Businesses 




 

Signature Silicon Valley — Interview with Skip Vaccarello 




Your thoughts here







What a great story, thanks for sharing & it is always crazy to see just how timely our God is. We must learn to fully trust & lean on him & allow his works to develop in us so that we may be a light to the others around us! Jeremiah 29:11 I know the plans I have for you, plans to prosper, plans for peace & no evil. To give you hope and a future. #GraceGrace
-Jeremiah Cagle





 


Jeremiah Cagle 

June 10, 2015 at 11:58 am
                         · Reply 








Was wonderful to read the Article.
So thankful to the Lord for our association with you in Delhi, as neighbours and as friends who all came to the Lord around the same time, starting with you,  and then my brother Vincent, who is with the Lord. Feel proud that you have done the Lord proud, in walking faithfully as He has led you. Keep it up!





 


shirley thomas 

November 10, 2014 at 6:29 am
                         · Reply 








I have known Promod since Fall 1973, when he was pursuing his PhD in EE at Northwestern University. His Christian faith was real then and it is real now. His humility and generosity are truly inspiring. The next time that you meet Promod, ask him about Dr. John Elsen.





 


Duane Hanson 

November 8, 2014 at 9:50 pm
                         · Reply 












Leave a Reply



Click here to cancel reply. 


Name *

Mail (will not be published) *

Website












Finding God in Silicon Valley 


Also Available On:





Video Interview About the Book





Like Us On Facebook
 
 RSS Feed2017 Silicon Valley Prayer Breakfast on March 31Social Links 

















































Haque Promod PAC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























haque promod pac
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: -
Industry: -
Sub-Industry: -
Haque Promod is a United States Federal Political Committee. The Committee exists to spend money to communicate political issues.




Corporate Information
Address:

13780 Saratoga Ave
Saratoga, CA 95070
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 

Promod Haque



































































Drag the thumbnail or click to add content here








            Collect key Knowledge Center content to share with colleagues or yourself by dragging it here.
        















Compose Message




Your Name:









Send To:









Subject:









Customize Your Message:














Send Message











Health Catalyst stands out with highest overall score in healthcare BI market
Know More









Request a Demo










Readiness Assessment


HAS 17


Stay Informed


HC Community


Support


Contact Us









 




Request a Demo




















Approach







The Health Catalyst® Approach


Health Catalyst Vision


Outcomes Improvement


What Health Catalyst Offers


A Deeper Dive


Customer Examples


Typical Timelines








Products







Late-Binding™ Data Warehouse


Health Catalyst® Analytics Platform


Applications


Professional Services


Cloud Services


Typical Timelines


Health Catalyst University™








Solutions







Accountable Care


Analytics Adoption Model


Analytics Adoption Model Explained


Care Management Solutions


CORUS™ suite


Dashboard Solutions


Executive Decision Support Solutions


Healthcare Analytics


Late-Binding™ Data Warehouse


Late-Binding™ Explained


Machine Learning


MACRA Solutions


Payer Solutions


Population Health Management


Predictive Analytics


Text Analytics and NLP


Health Catalyst University™







Success Stories






News






Insights







About Us







The Health Catalyst Story


Our Executive Team


Board of Directors


The Health Catalyst Way


Careers


Job Openings


Awards


Our Clients


Contact Us








Knowledge Center







Research by Topic or Author


Webinars and Events


Executive Reports


Success Stories


Insights


FAQ


eBooks


Reviews & Awards


Product Demos & Literature


Videos





 


















 




Home


Knowledge Center







Promod Haque






















Developer Account
 



 Add

Promod has more than 20 years of experience in the venture capital industry and currently serves as managing partner at Norwest Venture Partners (NVP). Promod joined NVP in 1990, and has invested in more than 60 companies since he began his venture career, producing nearly $30B in exit values to date. More than 20 of his portfolio companies have gone public and nearly 35 have been acquired (or have gone public and been acquired). Promod was ranked as a top investor on the annual Forbes Midas List for nine years, and in 2004, Forbes named him as the #1 venture capitalist based on performance over the previous decade. In 2006, Promod was presented with a Global Leadership award from NASSCOM, and he was recently honored with the 2011 SV Forum Visionary Award based on his outstanding achievements and contributions to the technology industry.
He received a bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering from the University of Delhi, India. He holds a Ph.D. in electrical engineering from Northwestern University and an MBA from Northwestern’s Kellogg Graduate School of Management, where he serves on the advisory board.



















































































Promod Haque | moodyaudio.com



























Jump to navigation





Menu


Moody global
Education
Radio
Publishers
Conferences
Today in the word



Shopping cart
There are no products in your shopping cart.0 ItemsTotal: $0.00


Your cart (0)Login


Radio Moody (Español)
How to Know Christ




Search form

Search 








Browse online audio archive










More persons
Mary Nelson
Kenny Luck
Anthony Acevedo
Dr. Bill Warner
David Payne
Susi Cox
Rolf Garborg
Gloria Furman
Skevington Wood
Lindsay Vessey
 



You are hereHome › Person › Promod Haque 
Promod Haque

Google Plus One Linkedin Share Button Pinterest Tweet Widget Facebook Like Share on FacebookPromod HaquePromod has 25 years of experience in the venture capital industry and currently serves as senior managing partner at Norwest Venture Partners. Promod joined Norwest in 1990, and has invested in more than 70 companies since he began his venture career. His investments have been worth more than $40B in aggregate exit value to date, as 25 of his portfolio companies have gone public and 37 have been acquired (or have gone public and been acquired). In 2014 and 2016, Forbes recognized Promod as a “Hall of Fame” investor. 2016 marked Promod’s twelfth appearance on the annual Forbes Midas List, including 2004, when he was ranked the #1 venture capitalist based on performance over the previous decade.


Speakers products



 



Business as Calling Audio Product

0
No votes yet


by Promod Haque
in Store, Radio, Chris Fabry Live
Date: 10/07/2016
He thought he should go into full time ministry—until he realized his business was his ministry. Hear the compelling story of Promod Haque.







play
pause
stop
mute
unmute













FABRY-20161007-H2.mp3_sample.mp3
 



Tags: ministry, business




SKU: FABRY-20161007-H2


Price: $2.99


Media Type *

 Audio CD, $6.00 


 MP3 Download, $2.99 




Qty *






Download free MP3
  


















