




























Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Parker-Hannifin Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Parker-Hannifin Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Biodel (ALBO) Share Price
Enerplus Corporation (NYSE:ERF) Shares Sold by Lincluden Management Ltd.
Lincoln Capital Corp Maintains Stake in Hologic, Inc. (NASDAQ:HOLX)
Clarkston Capital Partners LLC Maintains Position in Taubman Centers, Inc. (NYSE:TCO)
Kranot Hishtalmut Le Morim Tichoniim Havera Menahelet LTD Acquires New Position in iShares MSCI Japan ETF (NYSE:EWJ)
Anthem, Inc. (NYSE:ANTM) Position Decreased by Clarkston Capital Partners LLC
Kranot Hishtalmut Le Morim Tichoniim Havera Menahelet LTD Has $995,000 Position in iShares FTSE/Xinhua China 25 Index (FXI)
Clarkston Capital Partners LLC Has $40.46 Million Position in Cintas Corporation (CTAS)
Vanguard FTSE Europe ETF (VGK) Position Maintained by Kranot Hishtalmut Le Morim Tichoniim Havera Menahelet LTD
Real Estate Select Sector SPDR Fund (The) (XLRE) Stake Held by Kranot Hishtalmut Le Morim Ve Gananot Havera Menahelet LTD
Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact NAPCO Security Technologies (NASDAQ:NSSC) Stock Price
Personal Capital Advisors Corp Sells 5,979 Shares of HealthSouth Corporation (HLS)
Pilgrim’s Pride Corporation (PPC) Stake Increased by Personal Capital Advisors Corp
Friedenthal Financial Invests $8.31 Million in iShares MSCI Cntry Asa Jpn Idx Fnd ETF (NASDAQ:AAXJ)
Cornerstone Advisors Inc. Has $301,000 Stake in CME Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CME)
Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 235 Price Target at UBS AG
Praxair, Inc. (PX) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.79
Marquette Asset Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS)
Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Sells 3,061 Shares of South Jersey Industries, Inc. (SJI)



 


Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC held its stake in shares of  Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 62,586 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Parker-Hannifin Corporation comprises approximately  2.0% of Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Parker-Hannifin Corporation were worth $10,252,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of PH. Harbour Capital Advisors LLC acquired a new position in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation during the first quarter valued at approximately $112,000.  Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its position in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 4.6% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 844 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $131,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the period.  TrimTabs Asset Management LLC boosted its position in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 88.5% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 852 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period.  FNY Partners Fund LP acquired a new position in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation during the first quarter valued at approximately $160,000.  Finally, Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. boosted its position in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 74.3% in the second quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 1,124 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $180,000 after buying an additional 479 shares during the period. 79.95% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Parker-Hannifin Corporation alerts:



Shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) opened at 164.07 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $161.37 and its 200 day moving average price is $156.67. The stock has a market capitalization of $21.85 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.90 and a beta of 1.40. Parker-Hannifin Corporation has a one year low of $112.26 and a one year high of $167.12. 




Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.86 by $0.25. The business had revenue of $3.12 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.03 billion. Parker-Hannifin Corporation had a net margin of 8.11% and a return on equity of 22.14%. The firm’s revenue was up 10.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.51 EPS.  On average, analysts expect that  Parker-Hannifin Corporation will post $7.93 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH)” was  reported by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/28/clear-harbor-asset-management-llc-continues-to-hold-position-in-parker-hannifin-corporation-nyseph.html. 
Several research firms recently commented on PH. BidaskClub cut Parker-Hannifin Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday. Credit Suisse Group  set a $189.00 price objective on Parker-Hannifin Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Sunday, April 30th. Barclays PLC  set a $162.00 price objective on Parker-Hannifin Corporation and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Sunday, April 30th. Wolfe Research initiated coverage on Parker-Hannifin Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $182.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “buy” rating and set a $189.00 price objective on shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seventeen have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $165.18.
In related news, VP Robert W. Malone sold 793 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $159.36, for a total value of $126,372.48. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 11,549 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,840,448.64. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, VP William R. Bowman sold 2,900 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $158.92, for a total transaction of $460,868.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 1,172 shares in the company, valued at $186,254.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 9,073 shares of company stock worth $1,450,748 over the last ninety days. 2.73% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Company Profile
Parker-Hannifin Corporation is a manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision engineered solutions for a range of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The Company operates through segments: Diversified Industrial and Aerospace Systems. The Diversified Industrial Segment is an aggregation of several business units, which manufacture motion-control and fluid power system components for builders and users of various types of manufacturing, packaging, processing, transportation, agricultural, construction, and military vehicles and equipment.







Receive News & Ratings for Parker-Hannifin Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker-Hannifin Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Biodel  Share Price





Kranot Hishtalmut Le Morim Tichoniim Havera Menahelet LTD Has $995,000 Position in iShares FTSE/Xinhua China 25 Index 





Anthem, Inc.  Position Decreased by Clarkston Capital Partners LLC





Kranot Hishtalmut Le Morim Tichoniim Havera Menahelet LTD Acquires New Position in iShares MSCI Japan ETF 





Clarkston Capital Partners LLC Maintains Position in Taubman Centers, Inc. 





Lincoln Capital Corp Maintains Stake in Hologic, Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 




































Harper Asset Management, LLC


























































Harper Asset Management, LLC











Home 

Harper Asset Management was founded in 2001 to offer clients a fundamental, long-term oriented approach to investing. In an industry noted for time horizons measured in days or weeks, our patient and time-tested approach is the exception rather than the rule.
We seek to identify and invest in securities which are mispriced by the market. We emphasize the investment merits of each individual security, are macro-agnostic, and focus most of our efforts on less traveled areas of the market. Our investment philosophy is grounded in the margin of safety approach as originally conceived by Ben Graham. Equity purchases typically contain the following characteristics:

A low price relative to fundamental measures of value and our estimated long-term “intrinsic value”
Reasonable downside protection via a conservative capital structure
Measurable and predictable long-term earnings power

We recognize that there are different factors or inputs which influence long-term returns, including return on invested capital, franchise or competitive advantage, size, and others.
View our Form ADV




























































































































































HARBER ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























HARBER ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC



Get the Full Report
















 HARBER ASSET Overview



												   Harber Asset Management Llc is a hedge fund. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/06 to 03/31/17.
												



Get the Full Report









					
					 HARBER ASSET StockAlpha 
					
					






+4.9%





Top 25%



3yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 HARBER ASSET Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness




LBRDK
9.8%
Cons. Disc.
9.36%

0.54%
0
6%



PYPL
6.38%
Tech
37.61%

1.89%
0
18%





Get the Full Report














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report





GENERATING REPORT...

								
								This may take upto 60 secs. 
















FEATURED IN





















 HARBER ASSET Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since















 HARBER ASSET Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company

















 HARBER ASSET Investment Strategy


				
					   ...Get the Full Report







 HARBER ASSET Portfolio Concentration




Get the Full Report











 HARBER ASSET Location



 












  HARBER ASSET Contact Information



							Phone Number: NULL
							Fax Number: NULL
							Website: null









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS






















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here



  

Featured Download

HARBER ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC FULL REPORT

LEARN MORE






















 Path B		  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Harber Asset Management LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:26 PM ET

Company Overview of Harber Asset Management LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview



666 Fifth Avenue37Th FloorNew York, NY United States










Key Executives for Harber Asset Management LLC


Harber Asset Management LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Harber Asset Management LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Contact us | Harbour Asset Management












































Client Login

Register
Login








Contact Us





(04) 460 8300



contactus@harbourasset.co.nz



Harbour Asset Management
Level 16 171 Featherston Street Wellington 


PO Box 3363
Wellington 6140   


Linkedin






General Enquiries
For further information regarding our investment solutions and all other general enquiries please email or phone us on the details listed.


Contact a staff member
See Our People for individual contact details.


Complaints
If you are not satisfied with the service you have received from us you should contact us. We have an internal complaints process and undertake to investigate your concerns promptly and fairly. You may contact us to make a complaint by telephone or in writing and preferably by email to our Compliance Officer at complaints@harbourasset.co.nz
Harbour Asset Management is a member of an independent dispute resolution scheme operated by Financial Services Complaints Limited (FSCL) and approved by the Ministry of Consumer Affairs. Under FSCL criteria we have 40 days to respond to your complaint. If you are not satisfied by our response, you may refer the matter to FSCL by emailing info@fscl.org.nz or calling FSCL on 0800 347257. Full details of how to access the FSCL scheme can be obtained on their www.fscl.org.nz. There is no cost to you to use the services of FSCL.








Latest Reports & Media

16 July - Good conduct guides fund manager client-service hires
12 July - Investment implications of electric vehicle momentum
7 July - Stock takes: Chicken anyone?
7 July - Expensive Goldilocks
7 July - From deflation to reflation
30 June - Raising inflation targets?
27 June - NZX considers one platform for all listed stocks
16 June - A tale of two central banks
9 June - Choppy weather, but staying the course
8 June - An unusual RBNZ surprise



Wholesale

Performance
Unit Prices
Distribution

Retail

Performance
Unit Prices
Distribution



Retail Funds

						All Monthly Fund Fact Sheets
						

						All Quarterly Fund Updates
						

						Product Disclosure Statement
						

						Other Material Information Document
						

















Harbour Asset Management








































Client Login

Register
Login















Experienced Team. Research Driven. Highly Rated.
We are a proven New Zealand based Investment Management company that have delivered favourable investment outcomes for our clients.
Read more...






×









So you can generate income,  from anywhere.











Locally and Globally recognised as a trusted investment manager of equities and fixed interest
See our latest awards











Research is at the heart of all our investment decisions
View our research






×










Investment Solutions

Retail Investors
Harbour offers retail investors the following range of NZ unit trust Portfolio Investment Entities (PIEs) either through an Authorised Financial Adviser or InvestNow. For details on these offerings, see our
									
						Product Disclosure Statement
					
				.
			

Australasian Equity Fund

Income Fund

Australasian Equity Income Fund

Australasian Equity Focus Fund

New Zealand Equity Advanced Beta Fund

NZ Core Fixed Interest Fund

NZ Corporate Bond Fund

T. Rowe Price Global Equity Growth Fund – Retail


Wholesale Investors
Harbour offers wholesale investors a range of single sector or multi sector NZ unit trust Portfolio Investment Entities (PIEs). Also available to some wholesale investors is the Premium Tailored Portfolio Service. For more information contact Kendal Law.


Iwi, Charities & Other Wholesale Entities
Harbour offers iwi, charities and other wholesale entities tasked with investing in perpetuity or with inter-generational investing, either a single asset class solution or to some investors a Premium Tailored Portfolio Service. For more information contact Kendal Law. 

 




Investment Solutions
How to invest with us




Latest Research

Subscribe to our research   
Follow us on Linkedin   


Harbour Navigator - 12 July 2017
Investment implications of electric vehicle momentum PDF


Australasian Equities Monthly Commentary - July 2017
Expensive Goldilocks PDF


Fixed Interest Monthly Commentary - July 2017
From deflation to reflation PDF


Investment Horizons - June 2017
Raising inflation targets? PDF


See all research


Latest Media

investmentnews.co.nz - 16 July 2017
Good conduct guides fund manager client-service hires
NZ fund managers now have to devote extra resources to client-servicing to comply with the Financial Markets Authority (FMA) ‘good conduct’ guidelines, according to Andrew Bascand, head of Harbour Asset Management... 

nzherald.co.nz - 7 July 2017
Stock takes: Chicken anyone?
Harbour Asset Management's Shane Solly says it's been a good start to the confession season so far.

The season is typically a patch after a company's end of financial year and its results announcement, when either a warning of worse than expected performance or better than expected can come.

With many NZX-listed companies having a June 30 balance date investors would do well to watch out for any updates in the coming weeks... 

nzherald.co.nz - 27 June 2017
NZX considers one platform for all listed stocks
Harbour Asset Management portfolio manager and analyst Shane Solly said a transition to one board would be a welcome move, but that standards of disclosure for all listed stocks would need to remain high.

"We are obviously keen to have a broader range of companies to invest in that provide different business opportunities," Solly said... 

More Media


 










Latest Reports & Media

16 July - Good conduct guides fund manager client-service hires
12 July - Investment implications of electric vehicle momentum
7 July - Stock takes: Chicken anyone?
7 July - Expensive Goldilocks
7 July - From deflation to reflation
30 June - Raising inflation targets?
27 June - NZX considers one platform for all listed stocks
16 June - A tale of two central banks
9 June - Choppy weather, but staying the course
8 June - An unusual RBNZ surprise



Wholesale

Performance
Unit Prices
Distribution

Retail

Performance
Unit Prices
Distribution



Retail Funds

						All Monthly Fund Fact Sheets
						

						All Quarterly Fund Updates
						

						Product Disclosure Statement
						

						Other Material Information Document
						














Harber Asset Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























harber asset management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Harber Asset Management LLC operates as a hedge fund manager. The Company provides portfolio management and advisory services. Harber Asset Management serves investors in the State of New York.




Corporate Information
Address:

780 3rd Avenue
Suite 1500
New York, NY 10017
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































HARBER ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






HARBER ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC






780 THIRD AVENUE, NEW YORK,  New York, 10017, (212) 808-7430


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
57


New Positions
11


Increased Positions
29


Decreased Positions
28


Positions with Activity
57


Sold Out Positions
14


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
282



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
1.07%


Basic Materials
2.87%


Industrials
4.54%


Consumer Cyclicals
28.56%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
1.68%


Financials
8.14%


Healthcare
1.11%


Technology
50.08%


Telecommunication Services
0%


Utilities
1.96%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






57 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



LIBERTY BROADBAND CORP
COM SER C
27,702
2,519
10
296,790


PAYPAL HLDGS INC
COM
23,341
2,484
11.91
388,041


VMWARE INC
CL A COM
15,561
-2,963
(16)
169,138


INTERXION HOLDING N.V
SHS
13,324
1,405
11.78
281,879


MICROSOFT CORP
COM
12,829
2,933
29.64
175,349


PALO ALTO NETWORKS INC
COM
10,569
5,550
110.60
78,274


LIBERTY MEDIA CORP DELAWARE
COM C SIRIUSXM
9,513
2,330
32.43
208,662


CURRENCYSHARES EURO TR
EURO SHS
9,297
980
11.79
82,370


QUALCOMM INC
COM
8,491
4,376
106.32
161,767


MARVELL TECHNOLOGY GROUP LTD
ORD
8,379
8,379
New
527,963


LUXFER HLDGS PLC
SPONSORED ADR
8,093
1,093
15.61
622,537


GIGAMON INC
COM
7,664
7,664
New
203,030


ORBOTECH LTD
ORD
7,179
7,179
New
200,200


DOLLAR GEN CORP NEW
COM
7,138
1,854
35.08
95,027


TRIPADVISOR INC
COM
6,952
3,951
131.64
180,432


AMERICAN TOWER CORP NEW
COM
6,947
6,947
New
51,512


REALOGY HLDGS CORP
COM
6,722
6,722
New
204,196


ALPHABET INC
CAP STK CL A
6,602
1,563
31.02
6,931


COMCAST CORP NEW
CL A
6,163
-2,476
(28.66)
156,311


TRAVELPORT WORLDWIDE LTD
SHS
5,574
-447
(7.42)
392,011




<< first< previous123next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































