


Harbinger Capital Partners






























 




Harbinger Capital Partners LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:27 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Harbinger Capital Partners LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Harbinger Capital Partners LLC is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm invests in the public equity and hedging markets. It makes its investments focusing on distressed opportunities, event-driven situations, restructurings, capital structure arbitrage, and short sales of securities. Harbinger Capital Partners LLC was founded in 2001 and is based in New York, New York.


450 Park Avenue30th FloorNew York, NY 10022United StatesFounded in 2001



Phone: 212-339-5800

www.harbingercapital.com







Key Executives for Harbinger Capital Partners LLC




Mr. Philip Alan Falcone


      	CEO, President, Sr. MD, Chief Investment Officer& Treasurer
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Keith Michael Hladek


      	Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Compliance Officer 
      


Age: 42
        







Mr. Lawrence M. Clark Jr.


      	Managing Director and Director of Investments
      


Age: 45
        







Ms. Helane Goldstone


      	Tax Chief
      








Mr. Uche Abalogue


      	Chief Technology Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Harbinger Capital Partners LLC, please visit www.harbingercapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































 New York US Federal District Courts Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










New York US Federal District Courts Case Law

New York US Federal District Courts


US District Court for the Northern District of New York 
US District Court for the Southern District of New York
US District Court for the Eastern District of New York
US District Court for the Western District of New York


Browse Opinions From New York

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions














 In Re: Harbinger Capital Partners Funds Investor Litigation, No. 1:2012cv01244 - Document 201 (S.D.N.Y. 2015) :: Justia
















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










In Re: Harbinger Capital Partners Funds Investor Litigation, No. 1:2012cv01244 - Document 201 (S.D.N.Y. 2015)



Court Description:  OPINION AND ORDER re: 199 MOTION to Dismiss Sixth Amended Complaint. filed by Harbinger Capital Partners Fund II, L.P., Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations Offshore Fund LP, Harbinger Capital Partners Fund I, L.P., [192 ] MOTION to Dismiss The Sixth Amended Complaint. filed by Harbinger Holdings, LLC, Harbinger Capital Partners GP, L.L.C., Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations Offshore GP, L.L.C., Harbinger Capital Partners LLC, Philip A. Falcone, Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations GP, L.L.C.. For the foregoing reasons herein, Defendants' motion to dismiss is GRANTED as to all of Counts I, II, III, IV, and V, and these counts are dismissed with prejudice. The Court declines to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over Counts VI and VII, and those claims are therefore dismissed without prejudice. This resolves Docket Nos. 192 & 199. The Clerk is requested to terminate the case. (Signed by Judge Alison J. Nathan on 3/30/2015) (kgo)
			




Download PDF



					In Re: Harbinger Capital Partners Funds Investor Litigation Doc. 201 USOCSDNY DOCUMENT UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK ELICTRONICALL Y FILED DOC #: _ _ _                                                 DATE FILED: MAR 3 In re Harbinger Capital Partners Funds Investor Litigation 12-cv-1244 (AJN) OPINION & ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: This is a putative class action arising out of Plaintiffs' investments in a family of hedge funds managed by Defendants Philip A. Falcone and Harbinger Capital Partners, LLC, and affiliated entities. Plaintiffs' allegations center on Defendants' investment in the wireless broadband company SkyTerra Communications, Inc. ("SkyTerra"), which Defendants renamed LightSquared Inc. ("LightSquared"). Despite investing in what were marketed as diversified, distressed-debt hedge funds, Plaintiffs claim that Defendants used the funds to take a majority ownership interest in LightSquared without disclosing the changed strategy or risks involved. Plaintiffs also raise claims involving a large, low-interest personal loan to Falcone from the funds, "side agreements" with large investors granting them more favorable redemption terms than Plaintiffs, and derivative claims on behalf of certain funds alleging breaches of fiduciary duty. On September 30, 2013, the Court granted in part and denied in part Defendants' motion to dismiss the Fourth Amendment Complaint ("4AC"), and dismissed with prejudice all claims predicated on the funds' purchase of SkyTerra, as well as certain direct and derivative claims for breach of fiduciary duty. See Dkt. No. 125 at 42-43; In re Harbinger Capital Partners Funds Investor Litig., No. 12-cv-1244 (AJN), 2013 WL 5441754 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 30, 2013). At the same time, the Court granted Plaintiffs leave to amend their complaint and re-plead their remaining claims in light of the September 30, 2013 order. On December 16, 2013, the Court 1 Dockets.Justia.com granted Defendants' motion for reconsideration of a portion of its September 30 order, and dismissed Plaintiffs' derivative claims brought on behalf of Harbinger Capital Partners Fund II, L.P. Dkt. No. 160. On July 7, 2014, the Court denied Plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration of the September 30 order. Dkt. No. 191. Plaintiffs filed the Sixth Amended Complaint ("6AC") on November 4, 2013, 1 and now before the Court is Defendants' motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim on which relief can be granted. For the reasons that follow, Defendants' motion is GRANTED as to Counts I through V, 2 and the Court declines to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the remaining claims. I. Background For the purpose of evaluating the motion to dismiss, all well-pleaded facts in the Sixth Amended Complaint are accepted as true, and all reasonable inferences drawn in Plaintiffs' favor. See Kassner v. 2d Ave. Delicatessen, Inc., 496 F.3d 229, 237 (2d Cir. 2007). A. Parties Each named Plaintiff is an investor in one of four Harbinger-managed funds. Lili Schad purchased limited partnership interests in Harbinger Capital Partners Fund I, L.P. ("Fund I"). Klein Family Partnership L.P. purchased limited partnership interests in Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations Fund L.P. ("Special Situations Fund"). Anil Bhardwaj, Dr. Randall Lang, and The Edward M. Armfield Sr. Foundation Inc. all bought Class A shares issued by Harbinger Capital Partners Offshore Fund I, Ltd. ("Offshore Fund I"), and the Armfield Foundation also purchased a limited partnership interest in Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations Offshore Fund L.P. ("Special Situations Offshore Fund"). 6AC ,-r,-r 23-27. 1 Plaintiffs amended the Fifth Amended Complaint, filed October 15, 2013, Dkt. No. 131, to correct typographical errors. See Dkt. No. 142. 2 Count IV of the Sixth Amended Complaint is asserted against only Harbe1t Management Corporation. Plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against Harbert shortly after it filed the Sixth Amendment Complaint. See Dkt. No. 151. Count IV is therefore DISMISSED with prejudice and considered no further. 2 Two of these funds-Fund I and Offshore Fund I-are "feeder funds" that invest only in Harbinger Capital Partners Master Fund I, Ltd. ("Master Fund"). Harbinger Capital Partners Fund II, L.P. ("Fund II") and Harbinger Capital Partners Offshore Fund II, Ltd. ("Offshore Fund II") are also feeder funds of the Master Fund. Each of the four feeder funds is allocated a portion of the Master Fund's holdings. 6AC              36-42. Defendants are the individual and the entities responsible for managing the funds' investments. Harbinger Capital Partners LLC ("HCP") is the managing member of Harbinger Capital Partners GP, L.L.C. ("Harbinger GP"), which is the general partner of Fund I and Fund II. HCP has also been investment manager and investment adviser to Offshore Funds I and II and the Master Fund since March 2009, and an investment advisor to the Special Situations Fund. Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations GP, L.L.C. ("Special Situations GP") is the general partner of the Special Situations Fund. Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations Offshore GP, L.L.C. ("Special Situations Offshore GP") is the general partner of the Special Situations Offshore Fund. Harbinger Holdings, LLC ("Holdings") is the managing member of HCP, Harbinger GP, Special Situations GP, and Special Situations Offshore Fund GP. Philip A. Falcone ("Falcone") is the co-founder, Chieflnvestment Officer, and managing member of Holdings, and thus has ultimate control over all of the funds. References to the "Harbinger Defendants" refer to all of the Defendants identified in this paragraph. 6AC              28-35. Fund I, Fund II, and the Special Situations Fund are also identified as nominal defendants in this action, and Plaintiffs bring derivative claims on their behalf. 6AC              36-38. B. Factual Background The Court assumes familiarity with its order dismissing the Fourth Amended Complaint, from which the basic factual allegations are largely unchanged. See Dkt. No. 125; In re Harbinger Capital Partners Funds Investor Litig., No. 12-cv-1244 (AJN), 2013 WL 5441754 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 30, 2013). The Harbinger Funds first invested in SkyTerra in 2006, when they purchased some of the company's debt, along with small amounts of equity. 6AC              48-50. Over the next few years, the Harbinger-affiliated funds acquired an increasing amount of 3 SkyTerra's debt and equity. In 2009, Defendants entered into an agreement and plan of merger with the company, pursuant to which they would acquire full ownership of SkyTerra and take the company private. The merger was completed in March 2010, and Defendants then replaced nearly all of the company's officers and directors, and renamed it LightSquared. 6AC iii! 48-62. LightSquared was a high-speed wireless broadband company that intended to operate on the L-band satellite network, on frequencies neighboring those used by Global Positioning System (GPS) technology. 6AC ii 63. In order to operate on the L-band spectrum, LightSquared needed approval from the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC"), and in 2005 the company (then still SkyTerra) was granted permission to build out but not to operate its network. In January 2011, the FCC conditionally approved LightSquared's plans to expand its initial bandwith license, subject to resolving interference problems with GPS operators, and despite opposition from GPS and military equipment producers, the Pentagon, NASA, and the Department of Transportation. 6AC iii! 63-69. After a February 14, 2012 National Telecommunications Information Administration report to the FCC concluded that multiple tests showed that LightSquared's technology could not operate without interfering with the GPS network, the FCC revoked its conditional approval of LightSquared's network the next day. 6AC iii! 72-73. It was in the interim period between initial approval to build the network in 2005 and the ultimate revocation of the conditional license in 2012 that Defendants made their investment in LightSquared. Plaintiffs also allege that some of LightSquared' s favorable treatment was due to dubious attempts to curry favor, such as donations to campaign committees, job offers to members of the presidential transition team in 2009, and pressure on witnesses testifying before Congress. 6AC iii! 75-83. After LightSquared was granted the conditional waiver in January 2011, Defendant Falcone and the company became the subjects of an investigation by the Senate Judiciary Committee into whether the approval was the result of political contributions. 6AC iii! 84-86. Plaintiff allege that this scrutiny has made LightSquared a "political hot potato," too controversial for lawmakers and regulators to touch. 6AC ii 136. 4 The FCC's revocation of the conditional license put LightSquared on an inevitable path toward bankruptcy. Customers terminated contracts because of LightSquared' s failure to gain FCC approval, 6AC              89, and the company began to take on more debt to pay its existing obligations, 6AC              90-92. Despite initially suggesting that he would not consider bankruptcy, 6AC              94, Falcone later changed course and placed the company into bankruptcy on May 14, 2012. 6AC              97. Shortly before doing so, he expressed what Plaintiffs allege is an apparent lack of concern about whether LightSquared would go bankrupt, making statements that he would retain control of the company either way, and that his "lifestyle" would not change. 6AC              96. Not long after the bankruptcy filing, the SEC completed an investigation of Falcone and the Harbinger family of funds, partnerships, and holding companies. 6AC              101. Falcone, HCP, and the Special Situations GP were charged in three civil fraud complaints and one administrative proceeding with multiple securities laws violations. 6AC              101. The SEC alleged, among other things, that Falcone and HCP fraudulently gave Falcone a $113.2 million personal loan from the Special Situations Fund, at an interest rate well below the market rate, without revealing their actions to investors. 6AC              103-05. Furthermore, the SEC indicated that Falcone and HCP reached side deals with some of their largest investors to give them preferential redemption terms for their investments, as a quid pro quo for voting in favor of more restrictive terms for other investors. 6AC              107-09. Falcone and HCP eventually reached a settlement with the SEC, and signed a Proposed Final Judgment admitting that they made the personal loan to Falcone without disclosing it for five months, and granted favorable redemption terms to investors in Fund I exchange for investors' votes to impose more restrictive terms without informing Fund I's board of directors or other investors. 6AC              115. C. Procedural History The Court granted in part and denied in part Defendants' motion to dismiss the Fourth Amended Complaint on September 30, 2013. In relevant part, the Court dismissed with prejudice all of Plaintiffs' claims predicated on Defendants' purchase of SkyTerra. Dkt. No. 125 at 42. Such dismissal was compelled by the Securities Litigation Uniform Standards Act of 1998 5 ("SLUSA"), 15 U.S.C. § 78bb(t), because Plaintiffs' claims involved allegations of "misrepresentation or omission of a material fact in connection with the purchase or sale of a covered security." 15 U.S.C. § 78bb(t)(l)(A). As explained in the September 30, 2013 order, a suit is precluded by SL USA when 1) it is a "covered class action" with a class size of 50 or more people; 2) it is based on state or local law 3) it concerns a "covered security"; and 4) the defendant misrepresented or omitted a material fact "in connection with the purchase or sale" of that security. Dkt. No. 125 at 22 (citing Newman v. Family Mgmt. Corp., 748 F. Supp. 2d 299, 311-12 (S.D.N.Y. 2010)). The parties agreed that the first three requirements were met, so only the "in connection with a covered security" requirement was at issue in the previous motion to dismiss. A security "covered" under SLUSA is "one traded nationally and listed on a national exchange." Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. v. Dabit, 547 U.S. 71, 83 (2006); 15 U.S.C. § 78bb(t)(5)(E). The Court rejected Plaintiffs' argument that their claims were not precluded by SLUSA because they invested only in the Harbinger Funds, which are uncovered securities. The Court relied on the Second Circuit's decision in In re Herald (Herald I), 730 F.3d 112 (2d Cir. 2013), which held that SLUSA precluded claims brought by investors in uncovered feeder funds when those funds, in turn, had an investment strategy involving the purchase of covered securities, and the investors' claims arose in connection with the funds' security fraud. Id. at 118. Recognizing that Plaintiffs had also alleged claims that were not related to the SkyTerra acquisition, such as those premised on Falcone's personal loan from the Special Situations Fund and the undisclosed preferential redemption terms for certain institutional investors, the Court granted Plaintiffs an opportunity to amend the complaint and replead those claims in a way that clearly separated them from allegations based on the acquisition of SkyTerra. Subsequent to the Court's order, the Supreme Court issued its decision in Chadbourne & Parke LLP v. Troice, 134 S. Ct. 1058 (2014), on February 26, 2014. Troice held that "[a] fraudulent misrepresentation or omission is not made 'in connection with' ... a 'purchase or sale of a covered security' unless it is material to a decision by one or more individuals (other than 6 the fraudster) to buy or to sell a 'covered security."' Id. at 1066. That case involved investors in certificates of deposit offered by Stanford Bank as part of Allen Stanford's Ponzi scheme, and the Court held that claims alleging fraud related to that investment were not precluded by SLUSA because they were not made "in connection with" covered securities. Id. at 1064, 1071. The only potential connection between the fraud on investors and covered securities in Troice was the bank's purported use of the deposited funds to purchase covered securities; the investors themselves had no purported ownership interest in those securities. Id. at 1071. Plaintiffs here moved for reconsideration of the Court's September 30, 2013 order in light of Troice, arguing that Troice overruled Herald I's conclusion that claims of fraud causing an investor to take an ownership interest in uncovered hedge fund securities could be considered "in connection with" the underlying covered securities purchased by the feeder fund. See Dkt. No. 189. The Court heard oral arguments, but delayed deciding Plaintiffs' motion until further guidance issued from the Second Circuit, which came shortly thereafter in the form of In re Herald (Herald II), 753 F.3d 110 (2d Cir. 2014), cert. denied sub nom. Davis v. Kohn, No. 14-730 (U.S. Mar 30, 3015). In Herald II, the Second Circuit denied a petition for panel rehearing in light of Troice, explaining that Troice concerned investors who were not seeking "directly or indirectly" to purchase covered securities. Id. at 113. They distinguished the funds in Herald from the certificates of deposit in Troice because the Herald investors did, in fact, take a purported ownership interest in covered securities, even though it was through feeder funds as an intermediary. Id. After the Second Circuit decided Herald II, the Court denied Plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration on July 7, 2014. Dkt. No. 191. Recognizing that the Second Circuit had reaffirmed that claims based on both indirect and direct investments in covered securities are precluded, the Court found Plaintiffs' other attempts to distinguish Herald II unpersuasive. Defendants filed the instant motion to dismiss the Sixth Amended Complaint shortly after the Court issued the order denying reconsideration. II. Motion to Dismiss Legal Standard 7 To survive a motion to dismiss under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)( 6), a complaint must contain sufficient factual allegations, accepted as true to "state a claim to relief that is plausible on its face." Ashcroft v. Iqbal, 556 U.S. 662, 678 (2009) (quoting Twombly, 550 U.S. at 570) (internal quotation marks omitted). At this stage, a court must accept as true all well-pleaded facts and draw all reasonable inferences in the light most favorable to Plaintiffs. See Kassner v. 2nd Ave. Delicatessen Inc., 496 F.3d 229, 237 (2d Cir. 2007). Although factual allegations are therefore afforded a presumption of truth, a court is "not bound to accept as true a legal conclusion couched as a factual allegation." Bell At!. Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 555 (2007) (quoting Papasan v. Allain, 478 U.S. 265, 286 (1986)). In addition to the allegations in the Complaint, the Court may also consider "documents attached to the complaint as an exhibit or incorporated in it by reference, matters of which judicial notice may be taken, or documents either in plaintiffs' possession or of which plaintiffs had knowledge and relied on in bringing suit." Chambers v. Time Warner, Inc., 282 F.3d 147, 153 (2d Cir. 2002) (quotation marks and alterations omitted) (quoting Brass v. Am. Film Techs., Inc., 987 F.2d 142, 150 (2d Cir. 1993)). III. SLUSA (Counts I & II) Defendants first argue that Counts I and II of the Sixth Amended Complaint, which assert state-law negligent misrepresentation and fraud claims against all Defendants, are precluded under SLUSA even in their amended form. Their argument, in short, is that their allegations of fraud and misrepresentations arising while LightSquared was a private, uncovered security are inevitably intertwined with their allegations regarding the Funds' purchase of SkyTerra-and thus that the alleged fraud was perpetrated "in connection with" with the purchase of covered SkyTerra securities. Following the Court's dismissal of claims based on Defendants' purchase of SkyTerra in the September 30, 2013 Memorandum & Order, Dkt. No. 125, and the Court's subsequent denial of their motion for reconsideration, Dkt. No. 191, Plaintiffs have re-pleaded their allegations to allege only misrepresentations and fraudulent statements made by Defendants after LightSquared went private. These misrepresentations, Plaintiffs claim, caused them to purchase or hold limited 8 partnership interests in Harbinger Funds that they either would have foregone or divested from, had they known the truth. The Sixth Amended Complaint does not contain explicit allegations that misrepresentations were made before or during Harbinger's purchase of SkyTerra. Instead, its allegations in the section entitled "Direct Claims" are largely limited to misrepresentations and failures to disclose in the time period after LightSquared went private in March 2010, including: (1) an investor conference call on April 28, 2010; (2) portfolio updates on June 3 and 4, 2010; (3) an investor presentation in June 2010; (4) a press release dated July 20, 2010; (5) an investor update on November 11, 2010; (6) an announcement that LightSqaured had reached an agreement with Sprint Nextel on June 17, 2011; (7) an investor update on August 5, 2011; (8) an investor update on August 19, 2011, which was the first to mention GPS interference issues; and (9) monthly statements about the funds' performance that did not reflect LightSquared's correct value. 6AC iii! 154-87. The questions is whether Plaintiffs' more limited allegations involving LightSquared are unrelated to Defendants' acquisition of covered SkyTerra securities in a meaningful way, or just a superficial one. Background allegations that are not factual predicates of a defendant's liability do not themselves trigger SLUSA preclusion. See LaSala v. Border et Cie, 519 F.3d 125, 141 (3d Cir. 2008); accord In re Herald (Herald I), 730 F.3d 112, 119 (2d Cir. 2013). In other words, allegations of misrepresentations and omissions related to covered securities will not trigger SLUSA preclusion if they are extraneous to the bases for liability alleged in the complaint. LaSala, 519 F.3d at 141. However, Plaintiffs cannot avoid preclusion by artfully pleading their claims so as to seemingly disconnect them from the purchase or sale of a covered security if the distinction drawn is superficial. Courts are required to "look beyond the face of the complaint to analyze the substance of the allegations made." Dabit v. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., 395 F.3d 25, 34 (2d Cir. 2005), rev 'don other grounds, 547 U.S. 71 (2006). Accordingly, if any sufficient connection between Plaintiffs' claims and the sale of a covered security exists based on the substance of the allegations, the claims are precluded even if 9 Plaintiffs do not plead that connection explicitly. See Herald I, 730 F.3d at 119 (connection can be "implicit or explicit") (citing LaSala, 519 F.3d at 141). Unlike Troice and Herald II, the question here is not whether investments made through an intermediary still involve the purchase or sale of a covered security, but whether the entirety of a fraud involving a security that transitions from "covered" to "uncovered" status in medias res is precluded by SLUSA. If LightSquared had been a publicly traded company throughout the entirety of the period covered by Plaintiffs allegations, it would be self-evident that they were precluded under Herald II and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. v. Dabit, 547 U.S. 71, 88-89 (2006) (holding that claims of individuals defrauded into holding covered securities precluded under SLUSA). But while the parties agree that shares of SkyTerra were a "covered security" at the time Harbinger acquired them, LightSquared equity shares would not, considered in isolation, be considered "covered securities" once the merger was complete and the company was taken private, because they were not traded on a national exchange. Id. at 83. Though neither Troice nor Herald II dealt with the temporal question at issue here, those cases did set forth principles that guide this inquiry. Troice held that, for SLUSA purposes, a fraudulent misrepresentation or omission is not made in connection with the purchase or sale of a covered security "unless it is material to a decision by one or more individuals (other than the fraudster) to buy or sell a covered security." 134 S. Ct. at 1066 (internal quotation marks omitted). Inasmuch as Troice emphasized the narrowness of SLUSA' s definition of "covered security," however, it also did not disturb the Supreme Comi's prior holding in Dabit, which read SLUSA broadly to hold that preclusion does not depend on the plaintiffs being the direct purchasers of the covered security, or the plaintiffs and the defendant being in a buyer-seller relationship. Dabit, 547 U.S. at 85. The alleged fraud need only "coincide with a securities transaction-whether by the plaintiff or by someone else." Id. (emphasis added and internal quotation marks omitted). Between Troice and Dabit, then, the "in connection with" requirement can fairly be said to have both a narrow and a broad dimension. It is narrow insofar as allegedly fraudulent statements must be of the type that would induce someone to buy or sell 10 (or hold) a covered security. Fraud that depends in no way on a purchase of covered securities will not suffice, even if the fraudster purports to undertake independent transactions in covered securities on his own. But once it is shown that the alleged fraud is comprised of statements or omissions that would lead an investor to make a decision about whether to buy or purchase covered securities, the scope of what is precluded is broad, and includes far more than claims that the plaintiffs themselves were induced to take a position in the covered security. So long as someone was induced to buy, sell, or hold a covered security, any fraud claim involving those transactions (or foregone transactions) is precluded under Dabit. In light of these principles, and after considering not just the face of the Sixth Amended Complaint but also the substance of its allegations, as is required, the Court agrees with Defendants that SLUSA precludes Counts I and II. The sine qua non of Plaintiffs' allegations is that, but for Defendants' misrepresentations and omissions, Plaintiffs would have divested themselves of SkyTerra/LightSquared by divesting from the Funds. On that score, they plead a single fraud that caused them to purchase or hold their investments-a fraud that began with material misstatements and omissions made in connection with the purchase of a covered security, SkyTerra, and continued with the same misrepresentations and omissions after SkyTerra became the privately held company LightSquared. To carefully excise the allegations involving purchase and holding of interests in the Harbinger Funds during the acquisition of SkyTerra is artful pleading, and does not mask Plaintiffs' effective allegations of a single fraud with the requisite connection to covered securities. Despite Plaintiffs' attempts to cabin their fraud allegations to events occurring after Defendants took LightSquared private, the Sixth Amended Complaint is still replete with allegations concerning the acquisition of SkyTerra. See 6AC iii! 48-62. Beginning with the initial investment in SkyTerra, Plaintiffs allege that Defendants first invested in SkyTerra's debt, "as would be appropriate for a fund marketed primarily as a distressed-debt fund," 6AC il 50implying that the acquisition of SkyTerra equity was Defendants' first "inappropriate" move, as it deviated from representations made to investors. Plaintiffs further allege that, because 11 Harbinger3 appointed two members to SkyTerra's board after an initial round of equity investments, Defendants knew about SkyTerra's "severe financial problems" before they acquired the company in full. 6AC ii 59. These allegations match Plaintiffs' assertions under the heading "Direct Claims: Defendants' False and Misleading Statements to the Investors," wherein they explain that LightSquared's predecessors knew of the GPS problems since 2002, well before Defendants' take-private acquisition of SkyTerra. 6AC ii 148. Putting a finer point on the matter, Plaintiffs allege that it can "reasonably be inferred" that Defendants would have become aware of the GPS issue, and the hurdles to obtaining FCC approval of the company's technology, while performing due diligence in anticipation of their acquisition of the company. 6AC ii 149. Plaintiffs then go on to state that, "[d]espite knowing of these enormous risks and hurdles, ... Defendants provided Plaintiffs and Class Members with positive, anodyne general reporting on Harbinger's investment in LightSquared .... " 6AC ii 150. Based on Plaintiffs' own allegations, then, Defendants knew and did not disclose to Plaintiffs and other investors even before they took SkyTerra private: 1) that they had taken a large position in what became LightSquared despite contrary representations about the Funds' investment strategies; 2) that SkyTerra/LightSquared faced serious technological and regulatory challenges that were likely to hinder its development and make the success of the venture speculative at best; and 3) that Defendants would be in a management role over SkyTerra/LightSquared. These same general misstatements and omissions form the foundation of Plaintiffs' allegations from the period after Defendants took LightSquared private. See 6AC iiii 154-59 (misleading investors about LightSquared's risks and compatibility with Defendants' investment strategy); 6AC iiii 160-62 (misleading investors about regulatory risks); 6AC iiii 16367 (misleading investors about technological, regulatory, and management risks); 6AC iiii 168-71 (misleading investors about technology and risks); 6AC iiii 172-73 (misleading statements "reaffirmed" prior false statements about assets and business plans); 6AC iiii 176-79 (misleading 3 Plaintiffs do not specify which specific Harbinger entity they are referring to in this portion of the Sixth Amended Complaint. 12 statements and omissions regarding regulatory risk); 6AC              180-83 (misrepresentations regarding seriousness of regulatory/technological issue). Even matters that could not have underlain allegations from before the company went private, such as omissions in an announcement about a contract with Sprint Nextel, 6AC              174-75, and Defendants' failure to properly mark down LightSquared's value when reporting it to investors, 6AC              186-87, are simply the other side of the same coin: they are misrepresentations about the value and risk involved in the overall investment in SkyTerra/LightSquared, and are part of Defendants' alleged continuing efforts to keep Plaintiffs in the dark about that investment. It is telling that the Sixth Amended Complaint alleges not a series of smaller frauds, but a single fraudulent course of conduct that encompasses all of the misstatements and omissions that Plaintiffs have alleged. See 6AC              210-12 (describing Count I, and alleging that Defendants made "numerous false and misleading representations about the Funds to Plaintiffs and Class Members concerning, among other things, the Funds' investment strategy, the risk management strategies that would be employed, and the prospects for the Funds' underlying investments");              216-18 (Count II, also alleging "numerous false representations"). The substance of the Sixth Amended Complaint makes clear that it is arbitrary, from the standpoint of evaluating the entire scheme, to begin the allegations of fraud and misrepresentations at the moment LightSquared became private, and that the only purpose for doing is to avoid SLUSA's reach. This is artful pleading, and even the Sixth Amended Complaint itself occasionally undermines it: at one point in the Complaint, Plaintiffs suggest that taking the company private was part of the overall fraudulent scheme. See 6AC              61 ("In connection with its acquisition, Harbinger also took SkyTerra private so that it no longer had to file public reports."). All of the same misconduct that Plaintiffs allege occurred after the company went private was also occurring when it was still publicly traded, and Plaintiffs cannot avoid that fact by deleting certain facts from the complaint or labeling others "background." The substance of the complaint reveals that Defendants' activities while SkyTerra was still public were factual predicates of the same fraud that Plaintiffs have pleaded. 13 Further evidence of artful pleading is found in the differences between Plaintiffs' direct and derivative claims. Though Counts I and II disclaim including any allegations "related to derivative claims," the Court is required look at the substance of Plaintiffs' allegations, and the derivative-claim allegations shed light on the overall nature of Defendants' scheme. In those allegations, Plaintiffs discuss the "LightSquared gamble," and explain that Defendant Falcone was pursuing a "vision" of building a 4G wireless network. 6AC              127. They claim that this "vision" involved deviating from the Funds' objective, which is also an allegation underlying their direct claims. 6AC              127. And throughout the Sixth Amended Complaint, Plaintiffs refer to the acquisition of SkyTerra/LightSquared as a "strategy" undertaken by the Funds, with the implicit understanding that Defendants became set on their course of conduct from the time they began acquiring SkyTerra equity. See 6AC              6 ("In 2006 ... Defendants started to implement a very different investment strategy .... "); (referring to "Falcone's                                                                                       20 (referring to the "LightSquared strategy"); 129 153 ("Harbinger's misrepresentation and disclosure failures related to GPS interference issues exacerbated its failures to disclose risks ... [including] its adoption of a long-term strategy to execute on business plans rather than an event-driven                                                                                198 ("Defendants concealed the risk inherent in this strategy .... "). As Herald I and other cases discussing "artful pleading" have made clear, the Court cannot turn a blind eye to allegations that would connect Defendants' fraud to a covered security, and the substance of the facts related to those allegations, simply because Plaintiffs ask the Court to do so. See Herald I, 730 F.3d at 119. Accordingly, because Plaintiffs have not pleaded fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims that are unrelated to the purchase of covered SkyTerra securities, their claims in Counts I and II of the Sixth Amended Complaint are precluded under SLUSA, and DISMISSED with prejudice. IV. Direct Breach of Fiduciary Duty & Aiding and Abetting Breach of Fiduciary Duty (Counts III & V) 14 Count Three of the Sixth Amended Complaint alleges that Falcone, Harbinger GP, Harbinger Special Situations GP, and Harbinger Special Situations Offshore GP breached fiduciary duties owed directly to Plaintiffs as investors. 6AC              222. Specifically, this claim is based on low-interest $113.2 million loan Defendant Falcone received from the Special Situations Fund, as well as on undisclosed "side letters" signed with large institutional investors to allowed them to redeem their investments, both at times when others were not permitted to make redemptions, and on terms more favorable than those offered to other investors. 6AC              13, 224. Defendants argue that Plaintiffs have failed to state a claim on this count because the personal loan was disclosed to Plaintiffs, and because the possibility of investment terms being waived or modified for "large or strategic investors" was disclosed as part of the Funds' governing agreements, which Plaintiffs received prior to investing in the Funds. They further argue that Falcone is not liable on this claim because he did not owe a fiduciary duty directly to investors. Though Plaintiff's claim with regard to Falcone's $113.2 million loan is pleaded solely in terms of violating the fiduciary duty of disclosure, their moving papers also indicate a theory that Defendants violated the duty of loyalty. However, any theory Plaintiffs advance that their direct claims for breach of fiduciary may go forward based on an alleged breach of the duty of loyalty must be put aside, because such claims must be derivative, not direct. As the Court explained in its Memorandum & Order on the motion to dismiss the Fourth Amended Complaint, claims alleging fund mismanagement are indisputably derivative under Delaware law. Dkt. No. 125 at 15. Thus, though Defendants do not contest Plaintiff's proposition that "[i]t is an act of disloyalty for a fiduciary to profit personally" from use of partnership property, Oberly v. Kirby, 592 A.2d 446, 463 (Del. 1991) (discussing use of information secured in a confidential relationship), this claim is derivative because it alleges that Falcone profited from use of the partnership's property. The allegation is that Falcone received the loan at an interest rate lower than what the Special Situations Fund was paying to borrow money-meaning the Special Situations Fund was taking a loss on the loan. 6AC              15 115(a), 134. For the same reasons as were discussed in the Court's September 30, 2013 Memorandum & Order, a direct claim premised on this theory cannot stand. That said, the September 30, 2013 Memorandum & Order also explained that Plaintiffs could raise a direct breach of fiduciary duty claim alleging nondisclosure of information. See Dkt. No. 125 at 17. The Sixth Amended Complaint states that Defendants "owed duties of candor and truthful disclosure .... " 6AC ii 223. It goes on to state, "Defendants knowingly and/or grossly negligently failed to disclose to investors that Falcone received a low-interest, personal loan .... " 6AC ii 224 (emphasis added). Because these claims are facially premised on the duty of disclosure, they are appropriately raised as direct claims, and the Court will consider them now. As a threshold matter, Defendants argue that Defendant Falcone did not owe fiduciary duties directly to Plaintiffs and other investors. Recall that Special Situations Fund, which was the source of the loan, has Special Situations GP as its general partner. Special Situations GP, in turn, is managed by Harbinger Capital Holdings. Falcone is the managing member of Holdings, meaning that although he has operating control over the Special Situations Fund, his relationship to it is twice removed: he is the managing partner of the managing partner of the general partner of the Special Situations Fund. See discussion, supra at 3. Defendants' argument that Falcone did not owe fiduciary duties to the limited partners of (i.e., investors in) the Special Situations Fund is premised on the proposition that, "as a matter of Delaware law, the person or entity who controls the general partner of a limited partnership does not owe fiduciary duties to the partnership or its individual partners." Defs.' Mem. in Support at 23. This assertion plainly fails in light of In re USACafes, L.P. Litigation, 600 A.2d 43 (Del. Ch. 1991), which held that directors of a corporate general partner owe fiduciary duties directly to limited partners. Id at 48. Without delineating the entire extent of the duty owed by a directors of a general partner who are in control of the partnership's property, the Court of Chancery explained that "it surely entails the duty not to use control over the partnership's property to advantage the corporate director at the expense of the partnership." Id at 49. This holding squarely covers Plaintiffs' 16 allegations concerning Falcone's loan from the Special Situations Fund, as he was the director in control of the partnership's property, even if his control was formally mediated by a corporate general partner. Defendants acknowledge USACafes, but argue that Delaware law on the issue has changed, even though USACafes has never been directly overruled. Even in the authority cited by Defendants, however, the Court of Chancery notes that it has faithfully applied the holding of USACafes since it came down, and that the case and its progeny are stare decisis. Feeley v. NHAOCG, LLC, 62 A.3d 649, 670-71 (Del. Ch. 2012). The Court must apply Delaware law, and under Delaware law Falcone has fiduciary duties to limited partners in the Special Situations Fund. Even so, Plaintiffs must adequately plead allegations that Defendants breached their fiduciary duties to Plaintiffs by failing to disclose information regarding the personal loan to Falcone and the side letters to institutional investors. Defendants argue that the heightened pleading standard of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 9(b) applies to these allegations, and the Court agrees. Rule 9(b)'s standards must be met not only for claims directly alleging fraud, but for "all averments of fraud or mistake, whatever may be the theory of legal duty-statutory, common law, tort, contractual, or fiduciary." Frota v. Prudential-Bache Sec., Inc., 639 F. Supp. 1186, 1193 (S.D.N.Y. 1986); see also Rombach v. Chang, 355 F.3d 164, 172 (2d Cir. 2004) (applying Rule 9(b) when "wording and imputations of the complaint are classically associated with fraud"); Hampshire Equity Partners II, L.P. v. Teradyne, Inc., No. 04-cv-3318 (LAP), 2005 WL 736217, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 30, 2005). A claim is based on allegations of fraud, regardless of how it is titled, when it involves allegations of "misrepresentations and omissions made with intent to defraud." DeBlasio v. Merrill Lynch & Co., No. 07-cv-318 (RJS), 2009 WL 2242605, at * 10 (S.D.N. Y. July 27, 2009) (quoting In re Ultra/em Inc. Sec. Litig., 91 F. Supp. 2d 678, 691 (S.D.N.Y. 2000)). Counts III and V of the Sixth Amended Complaint fit that bill. They allege that Defendants breached their fiduciary duties owed directly to Plaintiffs by failing to disclose information regarding Falcone's personal loan from the Special Situations Fund and 17 the side arrangements with large institutional investors giving them preferential redemption terms, and that Plaintiffs were induced to hold their investments based on these omissions. Essentially, Defendants are alleged to have omitted giving this information to Plaintiffs and thus defrauded them into remaining invested in the Funds. Rule 9(b) requires that, when alleging fraud or mistake, "a party must state with particularity the circumstances constituting fraud or mistake." Fed. R. Civ. P. 9(b). In the securities fraud context, this standard requires a plaintiff to "( 1) specify the statements that the plaintiff contends were fraudulent, (2) identify the speaker, (3) state where and when the statements were made, and (4) explain why the statements were fraudulent." ATS! Commc'ns, Inc. v. Shaar Fund, Ltd., 493 F.3d 87, 99 (2d Cir. 2007) (citing Novak v. Kasaks, 216 F.3d 300, 306 (2d Cir. 2000)). The requirements for alleging omissions are substantially the same; plaintiffs must specify the omissions that they contend were fraudulent, identify the person responsible for not disclosing the omissions, state where and when the omissions occurred, and explain why the omissions were fraudulent. See In re Initial Pub. Offering Sec. Litig., 358 F. Supp. 2d 189, 213 n.19 (S.D.N.Y. 2004). Plaintiffs' response fails to adequately address Defendants' argument that the fraud is not alleged with sufficient particularity. Plaintiffs point the Court to paragraphs 154 through 182 of the Sixth Amended Complaint, which they say contain the particular misstatements Defendants have made. All of these paragraphs relate to allegations involving the LightSquared investment, and none touch on the personal loan or side arrangements. However, the Court has considered the broader allegations in the Sixth Amended Complaint for the purpose of evaluating whether they comply with Rule 9(b ). Plaintiffs allege that the SEC charged Falcone with "fraudulently scheming to misappropriate $113.2 million from the Funds" by arranging for the personal loan, and by concealing the loan from investors for five months. 6AC i-f 103. The Complaint contains further allegations stating that Falcone and Harbinger engaged outside counsel to advise on the loan, but withheld information from them, and ignored a warning from the general counsel of the Funds' third-party service provider advising against the loan. 6AC i-f 104. Plaintiffs state that 18 Falcone and HCP never disclosed the loan to investors in the Special Situations Fund, and it was not listed as an asset despite being one of the Funds' largest holdings. 6AC              105. They also allege that Falcone sent an email to investors stating the loan had been "vetted extensively," as well as "other misleading emails." 6AC              105. Finally, after the loan was revealed in March 2010, Falcone and HCP told investors that Falcone's tax liability (which is ostensibly why he took the loan) was unexpected, which Plaintiffs claim was untrue. 6AC              105. Although the allegations that 1) Falcone did not disclose the loan and 2) that he emailed investors to tell them it had been "extensively vetted" appear contradictory, the Court must construe the Complaint in the light most favorable to Plaintiffs, and thus assume that the email was sent after the five months that Defendants allegedly did not disclose the loan had passed. These allegations fall short of Rule 9(b) standards. As far as Falcone's and HCP's affirmative statements go, there is no indication of "where and when" any of the statements attributed to Defendants were made. See ATS! Commc'ns, 493 F.3d at 99. The Sixth Amended Complaint refers only to a representation that the loan was "vetted extensively" in an email that was sent at an unspecified time and under unspecified circumstances, and refers to "other misleading emails." 6AC              105. These basic allegations are not sufficient. See Luce v. Edelstein, 802 F.2d 49, 54 (2d Cir. 1986) (allegations lacking information regarding time, place, speaker, and content of misrepresentations insufficient under Rule 9(b)). It also alleges that Falcone and HCP told investors that Falcone's tax liability was unexpected, but there is no explanation as to "why the statement[] [was] fraudulent," ATS! Commc 'ns, 493 F.3d at 99. As for the alleged omissions, Plaintiffs allege broadly that Defendant failed to disclose the loan to them for five months. 6AC              103. Their other allegations of malfeasance regarding the loan are not couched in terms of nondisclosure: they allege that the loan was taken out at well below the interest rate Falcone should have paid, that Falcone ignored counsel's advice in taking the loan, and that Falcone failed to disclose matters to the law firm advising him on the loan, 6AC              104, but do not allege that failing to disclose any of these matters was fraudulent. They instead state that these allegations conferred a benefit to Falcone at investors' expense, but the 19 allegations cannot plausibly be understood to suggest that this was because Plaintiffs were misled as to any of these matters. 6AC              104. Plaintiffs do not state whether Falcone, Harbinger, or some other entity were responsible for informing them about the loan, or exactly "when" the omissions occurred. See In re Initial Pub. Offering, 358 F. Supp. 2d at 213 n.19. Indeed, it is unclear from the Sixth Amended Complaint the regularity with which statements about new investments or loans would or should have been made, and thus there is no statement as to why failure to disclose for five months was fraudulent as to Plaintiffs. See id. Accordingly, Plaintiffs have failed to set out sufficient allegations to meet the requirements of Rule 9(b) with regard to the personal loan. Plaintiffs' allegations regarding the "side arrangements" with certain investors are found in paragraphs 106 through 109 of the Sixth Amended Complaint. There, Plaintiffs allege that Falcone entered into four specific side letter arrangements (two with one investor), permitting alternatively $65 million in preferential redemptions, consolidation of an investor's affiliated accounts to permit it to redeem at a higher rate, and a waiver of prior notice provisions for redemption. 6AC              108. The terms were not disclosed to "directors and other investors." 6AC              107. However, the directors of Fund I "were notified" in March 2010 that there were "no side letters." 6AC              109. Defendants also did not disclose the side letters when it responded to annual investor questionnaires. 6AC              109. These allegations, too, are not pleaded with sufficient particularity under Rule 9(b). Plaintiffs allege specifics regarding the side deals, and that their very existence as well as their terms were hidden from investors. However, their allegation that directors "were notified" that no side letters existed in March 2010 fails to identify a speaker, and does not demonstrate that a fraudulent statement was made to investors. Moreover, the allegation that "Harbinger" specifically did not disclose the side letters in response to annual investor questionnaires, see 6AC              109, does not explain how or why these answers to investor questionnaires were 20 fraudulent, and does not specifically identify a speaker. 4 See Zerman v. Ball, 735 F.2d 15, 22 (2d Cir. 1984) (dismissing for failure to allege statements specifically from a defendant to plaintiff). Plaintiffs also do not allege any fraudulent statement specifically by Falcone related to the side letters. Accordingly, because Plaintiff's allegations do not specifically allege any misstatements or omissions by Falcone, Harbinger GP, Harbinger Special Situations GP, or Harbinger Special Situations Offshore GP with the particularity required under Rule 9(b), Count III of the Sixth Amended Complaint must be dismissed. Count V of the Sixth Amended Complaint alleges that Holdings and Falcone 5 aided and abetted the breaches of fiduciary duty alleged in Count III. However, one of the elements of aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty is knowing participation in another's breach. Malpiede v. Townson, 780 A.2d 1075, 1096 (Del. 2001). Because Plaintiffs' underlying breach claims must be dismissed, their aiding and abetting claims must be dismissed as well. These claims would suffer from the same pleading deficiencies under Rule 9(b) regardless, as an independent grounds for dismissal. Accordingly, Counts III and V of the Sixth Amended Complaint are DISMISSED because, although they are premised on allegations of fraud, they do not plead fraud with the particularity required under Rule 9(b). V. Derivative Claims (Counts VI and VII) Subject-matter jurisdiction in this Court is based on the Class Action Fairness Act, 28 U.S.C. § 1332(d)(2), which gives the district courts original jurisdiction over class actions that are, among other requirements, minimally diverse. Counts VI and VII, which are state-law derivative claims, are before the Court based on supplemental jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 1367, as the parties do not otherwise meet the requirement of complete diversity for the Court to exercise jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 1332(a). See Owen Equip. & Erection Co. v. Kroger, 4 Though Plaintiffs identify the speaker as "Harbinger," this could refer to any Defendant other than Falcone. Plaintiffs did not give any of these entities a shorthand title of merely "Harbinger" for the purposes of the Sixth Amended Complaint, See 6AC              2. 5 Plaintiffs pleaded this claim against Falcone in the alternative to their claim in Count III. 21 437 U.S. 365, 373-74 (1978) (§ 1332(a) requires all plaintiffs to be diverse from all defendants); 6AC              23 (Plaintiff Schad domiciled in New                                                  34 (Defendant Falcone domiciled in New York). Section 1367 also provides that a district court may decline to exercise supplemental jurisdiction if it has dismissed all claims over which it has original jurisdiction, see 28 U.S.C. § 13 67 (c)(3 ), and that is the case here with the dismissal of all of Plaintiffs' class claims in Counts I through V. The Second Circuit has held that, generally, "if all federal claims are dismissed before trial, the state claims should be dismissed as well." Motorola Credit Corp. v. Uzan, 388 F.3d 39, 56 (2d Cir. 2004) (quoting Castellano v. Bd ofTrs., 937 F.2d 752, 758 (2d Cir. 1991)) (alterations and internal quotation marks omitted). This rule admits of some exceptions if it is late in the action and dismissing the state claims would be exceptionally wasteful, id at 56, but Plaintiffs raise no argument that the Court should exercise supplemental jurisdiction if all class claims are dismissed, and the Comi does not find that the circumstances warrant doing so. Though the Complaint has gone through several iterations, the case is still at the Rule 12(b)(6) stage, and the vast majority of the Court's work on the merits has involved SLUSA preclusion rather than the state-law derivative claims. Thus, the Court finds that convenience and comity weigh in favor of the remaining state-law claims being heard in state court, and that judicial economy is not served by this case remaining in federal court. See Dispute Resolution Mgmt., Inc. v. Greenberg Traurig, LLP, No. 03-cv-3501 (SHS), 2005 WL 551030, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 9, 2005). Given the early stage at which this lawsuit remains and the fact that there are no special considerations of efficiency or special knowledge that make it sensible for the state-law claims to remain in federal court, the Court declines to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the remaining state law claims-Counts VI and VII-and therefore dismisses the remainder of the Sixth Amended Complaint. VI. Conclusion 22 For the foregoing reasons, Defendants' motion to dismiss is GRANTED as to all of Counts I, II, III, IV, and V, and these counts are dismissed with prejudice. The Court declines to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over Counts VI and VII, and those claims are therefore dismissed without prejudice. This resolves Docket Nos. 192 & 199. The Clerk is requested to terminate the case.              Dated: March , 2015 New York, New York United States District Judge 23
				












        Search this Case 
    


Google Scholar
Google Books
Legal Blogs  


Google Web 
Bing Web 


Google News 
Google News Archive 
Yahoo! News 




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 

Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            







                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions













 Southern District of New York US Federal District Court Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










Southern District of New York US Federal District Court Case Law

Browse Opinions From the US District Court for the Southern District of New York

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2003
2002
2001
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924


Recent Decisions From the US District Court for the Southern District of New York



SpecRite Design, LLC v. Elli N.Y. Design Corp. et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv06154
								
									


Castagna v. Colvin



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv06908
								
									


Aleem v. Experience Hendrix, L.L.C. et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv09206
								
									


Kennedy v. LaCasse et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						7:2017cv02970
								
									


Gomez de Hernandez v. Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv09922
								
									


Svenningsen et al v. Ultimate Services Professional Grounds Mangement, Inc. et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv05161
								
									


Sosa v. Rockland County Community College



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						7:2015cv03329
								
									


Pojarito v. La Pentola Italian Pizzeria, Inc. et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05844
								
									


Rojas et al v. Kalesmeno Corp. et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00164
								
									


Fatcheric v. Bartech Group, Inc. et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv09702
								
									


Ling v. Erie Insurance Company



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv05281
								
									


Hadami, S.A. v. Xerox Corporation



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv05726
								
									


Anderson et al v. River Greene Construction Group, LLC



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv03684
								
									


Cox v. Perfect Building Maintenance Corp.,



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv07474
								
									


Equity Trust Company et al v. Andrews et al



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv09254
								
									











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions










Harbinger Capital Partners II LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























harbinger capital partners ii lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Harbinger Capital Partners II LP a Delaware limited partnership, provide advice on a discretionary basis to privately-offered funds.




Corporate Information
Address:

450 Park Avenue, 30th Floor
New York, NY 10022-2637
United States


Phone:
212-339-5800


Fax:
212-339-5100


Web url:
www.harbingercapital.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































 2015 Southern District of New York US Federal District Court Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










2015 Southern District of New York US Federal District Court Case Law

Opinions 1 - 500 of 2092

1
2
3
4
5
Next




Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  December 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


Pulse Creations, Inc. v. Vesture Group, Inc. et al



Date:  December 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02496
								
									


In re: General Motors LLC Ignition Switch Litigation



Date:  December 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014mc02543
								
									


Singleton v. The City of New York et al



Date:  December 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09355
								
									


The Singer Group Inc. v. Nine West Holdings, Inc.



Date:  December 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03619
								
									


Henig v. Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, LLP et al



Date:  December 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv01432
								
									


Granados et al v. Traffic Bar And Restaurant,INC., et al



Date:  December 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv00500
								
									


Classic Liquor Importers, Ltd. v. Spirits International B.V.



Date:  December 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06503
								
									


Golan v. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.



Date:  December 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00221
								
									


Meehancombs Global Credit Opportunities Master Fund, LP et al v. Caesars Entertainment Corporation et al



Date:  December 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07091
								
									


Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  December 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  December 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  December 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


New York City and Vicinity District Council of Carpenters v. WJL Equities Corp.



Date:  December 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04560
								
									


Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  December 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Payton et al



Date:  December 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04644
								
									


Ramirez v. Port Authority of New York & New Jersey (PANYNJ) et al



Date:  December 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03225
								
									


Walker, Jr v. Carter et al



Date:  December 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv05384
								
									


Deng v. New York State Office of Mental Health et al



Date:  December 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06801
								
									


Pehlivanian v. China Gerui Advanced Materials Group, Ltd. et al



Date:  December 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09443
								
									


Sery v. Medina et al



Date:  December 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv00165
								
									


Springer v. U.S. Bank National Association as Trustee for Mastr Asset Backed Securities Trust 2005-HE1, Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2005-HE1 et al



Date:  December 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01107
								
									


OOCL (USA) INC. v. Transco Shipping Corp et al



Date:  December 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv05418
								
									


In Re: Residential Capital, LLC



Date:  December 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02375
								
									


Delpilar v. Foodfest Depot, LLC et al



Date:  December 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00459
								
									


Mortgage Resolution Servicing, LLC et al v. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. et al



Date:  December 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00293
								
									


Purifoy et al v. Walter Investment Management Corporation et al



Date:  December 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv00937
								
									


The Martin Hilti Family Trust v. Knoedler Gallery, LLC et al



Date:  December 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv00657
								
									


Sklodowska-Grezak v. Stein et al



Date:  December 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01670
								
									


Gregory Cooper v. United States of America



Date:  December 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv03769
								
									


Hutson et al v. The Estate of Christopher Wallace et al



Date:  December 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02307
								
									


Martinez v. The Mount Sinai Hospital



Date:  December 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02548
								
									


Prevost v. City of New York et al



Date:  December 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv03760
								
									


Radiancy, Inc. v. Viatek Consumer Products Group, Inc.



Date:  December 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv03767
								
									


PDV Sweeny, Inc. et al v. ConocoPhillips Company et al



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05183
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


Rowena Drennen et al v. Certain Underwriters at Lloyd's of London et al



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02712
								
									


Universitas Education, LLC v. T.D. Bank, N.A.



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05643
								
									


Green Materials of Westchester et al v. The Town of Cortlandt et al



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2015cv03257
								
									


Sparta Commercial Services Inc. v. DZ Bank AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, New York Branch



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv09220
								
									


IN RE: Petrobras Securities Litigation



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09662
								
									


United States Of America v. Narco Freedom, Inc.



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08593
								
									


Beazley Insurance Company, Inc. v. Ace American Insurance Company et al



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05119
								
									


Viera v. BASF Catalysts LLC et al



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03952
								
									


Gokhberg et al v. The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. et al



Date:  December 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06001
								
									


Coleman v. System Dialing LLC et al



Date:  December 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03868
								
									


Williams v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  December 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv05431
								
									


Herbert G Lindo v. Brian Figeroux et al



Date:  December 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06918
								
									


Harrell et al v. The City Of New York , et al



Date:  December 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07246
								
									


United States of America v. Prevezon Holdings Ltd. et al



Date:  December 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06326
								
									


Bettman et al v. American Alternative Insurance Corporation



Date:  December 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05172
								
									


Netherlands Insurance Company v. U.S. Underwriters Insurance Company



Date:  December 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv03568
								
									


Spiro et al v. Healthport Technologies, LLC et al



Date:  December 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02921
								
									


Whitfield v. City of Newburgh et al



Date:  December 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2008cv08516
								
									


Henry III v. Astrue



Date:  December 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2012cv06822
								
									


Mayor v. Colvin



Date:  December 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00344
								
									


TCA Television Corp. et al v. McCollum et al



Date:  December 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04325
								
									


Sheet Metal Workers' National Pension Fund, et al v. Maximum Metal Manufacturers, Inc. et al



Date:  December 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv07741
								
									


Haughton v. Clinton



Date:  December 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01160
								
									


Kabbaj v. The City of New York



Date:  December 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03627
								
									


Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


University Consultation and Treatment Center for Mental Hygiene, Inc. v. Local 1199 United Healthcare Workers East SEIU



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04472
								
									


McGee v. Dunn et al



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2009cv06098
								
									


Mutinsky v. Town of Clarkstown, a public municipal corporation of The State of New York et al



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv07803
								
									


Same Day Delivery Service, Inc. v. Penn Star Insurance Company



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02774
								
									


Carr v. Credit One Bank



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06663
								
									


Doe v. Ejercito de Liberacion Nacional et al



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv08652
								
									


Torres v. Armark Food and Commissary Services of the Orange County Corr. Facility



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07498
								
									


Robertson v. People Magazine et al



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv06759
								
									


McRae v. Perez



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv05715
								
									


DNAML Pty, Limited v. Apple, Inc. et al



Date:  December 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06516
								
									


Santos et al v. El Tepeyac Butcher Shop Inc. et al



Date:  December 15, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00814
								
									


New World Solutions, Inc. v. Namemedia, Inc.



Date:  December 15, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2011cv02763
								
									


Thor 725 8th Avenue LLC v. Goonetilleke et al



Date:  December 15, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04968
								
									


Davila v. Johnson et al



Date:  December 15, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02665
								
									


Amguard Insurance Company v. Getty Realty Corp. et al



Date:  December 15, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09448
								
									


Lazaro-Garcia et al v. Sengupta Food Services, LLC et al



Date:  December 15, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04259
								
									


BT Holdings, LLC v. Village of Chester et al



Date:  December 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2015cv01986
								
									


Bais Yaakov of Spring Valley v. Graduation Source, LLC et al



Date:  December 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv03232
								
									


Jones v. County of Westchester et al



Date:  December 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv07635
								
									


Beem et al v. Noble Group Limited



Date:  December 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09046
								
									


Mil'Chamot v. New York City Housing Authority et al



Date:  December 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00108
								
									


Beckert v. Rubinov et al



Date:  December 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01951
								
									


Pimentel v. United States of America



Date:  December 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03057
								
									


Coleman v. Nonni's Food, LLC et al



Date:  December 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2015cv02791
								
									


Bodden v. Colvin



Date:  December 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08731
								
									


Santana v. The Warden of G.R.V.C. et al



Date:  December 11, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05988
								
									


Haimowitz v. Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation



Date:  December 11, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv10068
								
									


Stinson et al v. The City of New York



Date:  December 11, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04228
								
									


De Luna v. Capra



Date:  December 11, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02975
								
									


Lewis-Gursky v. Citigroup, Inc. et al



Date:  December 11, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03213
								
									


Cohen v. BMW Investments L.P.



Date:  December 11, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03154
								
									


Fraticelli et al v. MSG Holdings, L.P. et al



Date:  December 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06518
								
									


Palmer/Kane LLC v. Scholastic Corporation et al



Date:  December 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07805
								
									


Northeast Landscape & Masonry Associates, Inc. v. State of Connecticut Department of Labor et al



Date:  December 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv09104
								
									


Maxum Indemnity Company v. A One Testing Laboratories, Inc. et al



Date:  December 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv04023
								
									


Stadnick v. Vivint Solar, Inc. et al



Date:  December 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09283
								
									


New York Youth Club et al v. Town of Harrison et al



Date:  December 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2012cv07534
								
									


Garcia v. Harold Graham



Date:  December 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv06593
								
									


LightSquared Inc. et al v. Deere & Company et al



Date:  December 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv08157
								
									


Creighton v. The City of New York et al



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv07454
								
									


Velez v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00487
								
									


Minasian et al v. IDS Property Casualty Insurance Company et al



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv10125
								
									


Jimenez et al v. The City Of New York , et al



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02994
								
									


Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


C.W.L. et al v. The Pelham Union Free School District



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv09705
								
									


Cracco v. The City of New York et al



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08235
								
									


West et al v. Moe's Southwest Gril, LLC



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02846
								
									


Chen v. Decker, et al.



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06945
								
									


Bounce Exchange, Inc. v. Zeus Enterprise Ltd



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03268
								
									


Navig8 Chemicals Asia Pte., Ltd. et al v. Crest Energy Partners, LP



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv07639
								
									


Wright v. Zeitler et al



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09103
								
									


Enrique Arencibia v. Urban Pathways, Inc. et al



Date:  December 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06476
								
									


Shaw v. Merit Systems Protection Board et al



Date:  December 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05856
								
									


Frederick v. Pinnacle Financial Services et al



Date:  December 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05460
								
									


Frasier v. McNeil et al



Date:  December 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv08548
								
									


Micromem Technologies, Inc. et al v. Dreifus Associates Limited et al



Date:  December 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09145
								
									


Hidalgo v. Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies, Inc.



Date:  December 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05199
								
									


US Airways, Inc. v. Sabre Holdings Corporation et al



Date:  December 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02725
								
									


Patterson v. Fahim, et al



Date:  December 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05330
								
									


United States Aviation Underwriters, Inc. v. Textron Inc.



Date:  December 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05216
								
									


Trustees of The Sheet Metal Workers' International Association Local Union No. 28 Benefit Funds, v. Maynard et al



Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02890
								
									


Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commisison v. Forster



Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015mc00246
								
									


A.M. v. New York City Department Of Education,



Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09224
								
									


Negrete et al v. Citibank, N.A.



Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv07250
								
									


Buchy v. The City of White Plains et al



Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv01806
								
									


Plaintiff v. Defendant




Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06005
								
									


Grice, III v. Town of Greenburgh, New York et al



Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv01776
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


Jones v. Mount Vernon City Police Department



Date:  December 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv01042
								
									


DeLeon et al v. City of New York et al



Date:  December 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02738
								
									


Washington et al v. Kellwood Company



Date:  December 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2005cv10034
								
									


Kshetrapal v. Dish Network, LLC et al



Date:  December 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03527
								
									


Sanders v. Williams et al



Date:  December 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07210
								
									


Louisiana Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System v. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation et al



Date:  December 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv09175
								
									


Morales v. Colvin



Date:  December 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08196
								
									


National Credit Union Administration Board v. Goldman, Sachs & Co. et al



Date:  December 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06721
								
									


Sanchez et al v. Charity Rest. Corp. et al



Date:  December 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05468
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  December 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  December 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


Sikhs for Justice "SFJ", Inc. v. Kerry



Date:  December 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00433
								
									


Bounce Exchange, Inc. v. Zeus Enterprise Ltd



Date:  December 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03268
								
									


Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  December 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


Desarrolladora Farallon S. De R.L. De C.V. v. Cargill, Inc. et al



Date:  December 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00532
								
									


State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company v. Fayda et al



Date:  December 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09792
								
									


Harbour Victoria Investment Holdings Ltd. v. Chawla et al



Date:  December 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03212
								
									


Ryan v. The United States Of America



Date:  December 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02248
								
									


In Re: Genco Shipping & Trading Limited



Date:  December 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05473
								
									


Donoghue et al v. Retrophin, Inc. et al



Date:  December 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07640
								
									


Donoghue et al v. Retrophin, Inc. et al



Date:  December 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07640
								
									


Morales v. Related Management Company, LP et al



Date:  December 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv08191
								
									


Shabazz v. City of New York et al



Date:  December 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv06417
								
									


Donoghue et al v. Retrophin, Inc. et al



Date:  December 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07640
								
									


Levy et al v. Young Adult Institute, Inc. et al



Date:  December 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv02861
								
									


Wallace Wood Properties, LLC v. Wood



Date:  December 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08597
								
									


Garcia v. Colvin



Date:  December 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2012cv05886
								
									


Hyundai Merchant Marine Co., LTD. v. Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, LTD.



Date:  December 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07965
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  December 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


Chen et al v. Grand Harmony Restaurant, Inc. et al



Date:  December 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2004cv06579
								
									


Hernandez v. PFIP, LLC et al



Date:  December 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04069
								
									


Aikens v. Royce



Date:  December 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv00663
								
									


Aghaeepour et al v. Northern Leasing Systems, Inc. et al



Date:  December 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv05449
								
									


Erasmus v. Deutche Bank Americas Holding Corp. et al



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01398
								
									


Senisi et al v. John Wiley & Sons, Inc.



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv03314
								
									


Gucci America, Inc. et al v. Li et al



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04974
								
									


Franco v. Allied Interstate LLC



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv04053
								
									


Wood v. American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. et al



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02370
								
									


Legg v. American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00039
								
									


Sulzer Mixpac AG v. Medenstar Industries Co., Ltd.



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01668
								
									


Tavares v. N.Y.C. Belleview Hospital et al



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv03148
								
									


Pierre v. Gts Holdings Group, LLC et al



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00143
								
									


Bent II v. Zounds Hearing, Inc. et al



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06555
								
									


Melito v. American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. et al



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02440
								
									


Penafiel et al v. Rincon Ecuatoriano, Inc. et al



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00112
								
									


Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  November 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


Vega et al v. Trinity Realty Corp. et al



Date:  November 25, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07417
								
									


Ge Healthcare Bio-Sciences AB et al v. Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.



Date:  November 25, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07080
								
									


Mazzocchi v. General Motors LLC et al



Date:  November 25, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv02714
								
									


Sarvestani v. USA



Date:  November 25, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv07708
								
									


In re: General Motors LLC Ignition Switch Litigation



Date:  November 25, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014mc02543
								
									


Kaplin v. Buendia



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00649
								
									


Soto et al v. The City of New York et al



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv06911
								
									


New York City and Vicinity District Council of Carpenters v. WJL Equities Corp.



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04560
								
									


Coalition for Healthy Ports et al v. The United States Coast Guard et al



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv05347
								
									


Pinto-Thomaz v. Cusi



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01993
								
									


Navig8 Chemicals Asia Pte., Ltd. et al v. Crest Energy Partners, LP



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv07639
								
									


Petrucelli v. USA



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09310
								
									


Almonte v. 437 Morris Park, LLC et al



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05951
								
									


Agins-McClaren v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08648
								
									


Trustees of the New York City District Council of Carpenters Pension Fund, Welfare Fund, Annuity Fund, and Apprenticeship, Journeyman Retraining, Education and Industry Fund et al v. Superior Site Work, Inc.



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01416
								
									


Feinberg v. Apple Inc.



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05198
								
									


Mensler v. Sam's Club National Freight Industries et al



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv06901
								
									


Foster et al v. 2001 Real Estate et al



Date:  November 24, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09434
								
									


Mister Softee of Queens Inc. et al v. Tsirkos



Date:  November 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv01975
								
									


Ge Transportation Co. Ltd v. A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd



Date:  November 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06194
								
									


North Jersey Media Group Inc. v. Fox News Network, LLC et al



Date:  November 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07630
								
									


In re: General Motors LLC Ignition Switch Litigation



Date:  November 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014mc02543
								
									


Jones v. Griffin



Date:  November 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv00961
								
									


General Electric Capital Corporation (GECC), a New York Corporation. v. Cutler et al



Date:  November 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04420
								
									


Fleck et al v. General Motors, L.L.C.



Date:  November 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08176
								
									


Goldfarb v. United States of America



Date:  November 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00959
								
									


Reynoso et al v. Norman's Cay Group LLC et al



Date:  November 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01352
								
									


Raju v. Castillo et al



Date:  November 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv07499
								
									


Thompson v. The Jamaica Hospital Medical Center et al



Date:  November 20, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv01896
								
									


Fischer v. Forrest



Date:  November 20, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv01304
								
									


North Jersey Media Group Inc. v. Fox News Network, LLC et al



Date:  November 20, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07630
								
									


Cortes et al v. New Creators, Inc.



Date:  November 20, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05680
								
									


Amguard Insurance Company v. Getty Realty Corp. et al



Date:  November 20, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09448
								
									


Levantino et al v. Starwood Mortgage Capital LLC et al



Date:  November 20, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05349
								
									


Atencio v. U.S. Postal Service



Date:  November 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07929
								
									


Gorman v. Covidien Sales, L.L.C. et al



Date:  November 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06486
								
									


Spiro et al v. Healthport Technologies, LLC et al



Date:  November 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02921
								
									


In re: Barclays Bank Plc Securities Litigation



Date:  November 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv01989
								
									


Canon Inc. et al v. Tesseron Ltd. et al



Date:  November 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05462
								
									


Silver v. Entergy Nuclear Operations, Inc. et al



Date:  November 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2015cv01792
								
									


Morales v. Purchase College



Date:  November 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv08193
								
									


Yap et al v. Mooncake Foods, Inc. et al



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06534
								
									


Simon v. USA



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv05209
								
									


Hirsch v. Campaniello Soho, Inc. et al



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05097
								
									


Hernandez v. Kirby Forensic Psychiatric Hospital et al



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05910
								
									


In re: DAVIS NEW YORK VENTURE FUND FEE LITIGATION



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04318
								
									


Lora et al v. J.V. Car Wash, Ltd. et al



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv09010
								
									


Navig8 Chemicals Asia Pte., Ltd. et al v. Crest Energy Partners, LP



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv07639
								
									


Deng v. New York State Office of Mental Health et al



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06801
								
									


Pinks v. M & T Bank Corp.



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv01730
								
									


Bryant v. American Federation Musicians of the US and Canada et al



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02598
								
									


Bickham v. Coca Cola Refreshments USA, Inc.



Date:  November 18, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv03341
								
									


J.D. v. New York City Department Of Education, et al



Date:  November 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09424
								
									


Heller v. Bedford Central School District et al



Date:  November 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2015cv00705
								
									


Citibank, N.A. v. Tormar Associates LLC



Date:  November 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01932
								
									


United States of America ex rel. NPT Associates v. Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings et al



Date:  November 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv05696
								
									


Trustees Of The New York City District Council Of Carpenters Pension Fund, Welfare Fund, Annuity Fund, and Apprenticeship, Journeyman Retraining, Educational and Industry Fund et al v. Richie Jordan Construction Inc.



Date:  November 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03811
								
									


Spinelli et al v. National Footbal League et al



Date:  November 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv07398
								
									


Oklu v. Weinstein



Date:  November 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06488
								
									


In re FAB Universal Corporation Shareholder Derivative Litigation



Date:  November 17, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv00687
								
									


Roland III v. McMayle et al



Date:  November 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv06331
								
									


Angel et al v. Harvest C-Food Inc. et al



Date:  November 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv06035
								
									


Adkins v. The City Of New York , et al



Date:  November 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07519
								
									


Profeta v. Shandell, Blitz, Blitz & Ashley, LLP et al



Date:  November 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01054
								
									


Ramos v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  November 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv03421
								
									


Jock et al v. Sterling Jewelers, Inc



Date:  November 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						2:2008cv02875
								
									


Hudson v. Town of Pine Plains-Justice Christie Acker et al



Date:  November 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2012cv05548
								
									


Thornton Tomasetti, Inc. v. Anguillan Development Corp. et al



Date:  November 13, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07040
								
									


Brown v. The City of New York et al



Date:  November 13, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06912
								
									


Johnson v. Colvin



Date:  November 13, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03853
								
									


Hanley v. Zucker et al



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05958
								
									


Le Metier Beauty Investment Partners LLC et al v. Metier Tribeca, LLC et al



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv04650
								
									


Johnson v. United States of America



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01494
								
									


Verlus et al v. Liberty Mutual Insurance Company et al



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv02493
								
									


Intelligen Power Systems, LLC v. dVentus Technologies LLC



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07392
								
									


Malanga v. NYU Langone Medical Center and School of Medicine et al



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09681
								
									


International Union of Operating Engineers Local No. 478 Pension Fund v. FXCM Inc. et al



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03599
								
									


kunina v. 7 West 8nd LLC et al



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04755
								
									


Canada et al v. City of New York et al



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02931
								
									


Abdel-Razeq et al v. Alvarez & Marsal, Inc. et al



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05601
								
									


Powell v. Schriro et al



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv06207
								
									


Gojo Industries, Inc. v. Innovative Biodefense, Inc. et al



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02946
								
									


National Labor Relations Board v. New York Party Shuttle, LLC



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015mc00233
								
									


National Labor Relations Board v. AJD, inc



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015mc00326
								
									


Cortes et al v. New Creators, Inc.



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05680
								
									


Fellows v. Ford Motor Company



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv00906
								
									


Sanders v. United States of America



Date:  November 12, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02808
								
									


McCarthy v. Estate of Lawrence Edward McCarthy et al



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv06194
								
									


Barbecho et al v. M.A. Angeliades, Inc. et al



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01717
								
									


Forest v. New York State Department of Mental Health



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv01762
								
									


Sanders v. United States of America



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02808
								
									


Onrust v. Larson



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00122
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Norstra Energy Inc. et al



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04751
								
									


Campbell et al v. City of New York et al



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02088
								
									


Cook v. Colvin



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv01946
								
									


Ballabon v. Straight Path IP Group, Inc. f/k/a Innovative Communications Technologies, Inc.



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05016
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Caledonian Bank Ltd. et al



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00894
								
									


Clement et al v. Farmington Casualty Company et al



Date:  November 10, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv01026
								
									


Kriss et al v. BayRock Group LLC et al



Date:  November 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03959
								
									


Tirado v. Shutt et al



Date:  November 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv02848
								
									


Gonzalez v. City of New York et al



Date:  November 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07721
								
									


Spiro et al v. Healthport Technologies, LLC et al



Date:  November 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02921
								
									


Sze v. Pui-Ling Pang



Date:  November 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00447
								
									


McCormack et al v. IBM



Date:  November 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv03242
								
									


Rembert v. Cheverko et al



Date:  November 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv09196
								
									


Clemmons v. American Airlines, Inc.



Date:  November 6, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv00928
								
									


Schaefer Hong Kong Trade Co Ltd. v. The Jones Group, Inc. et al



Date:  November 6, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00087
								
									


Stuart v. Recktenwald et al



Date:  November 6, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07389
								
									


Federal Trade Commission v. Bluehippo Funding, LLC et al



Date:  November 6, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2008cv01819
								
									


The Republic of The Philippines v. Abaya et al



Date:  November 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03829
								
									


Bryant v. Commissioner of Social Security et al



Date:  November 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05764
								
									


Espinobarros et al v. Big Joys Corp. et al



Date:  November 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02499
								
									


Angel et al v. Harvest C-Food Inc. et al



Date:  November 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv06035
								
									


Villarreal v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  November 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06253
								
									


Tchatat v. The City Of New York , et al



Date:  November 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02385
								
									


Rothstein v. Mahne et al



Date:  November 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03236
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  November 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


Au et al v. Carryl et al



Date:  November 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05223
								
									


Wearing v. LaValley



Date:  November 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv08307
								
									


Kowa Company,Ltd. et al v. Mylan, Inc. et al



Date:  November 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02647
								
									


Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC v. Soliman



Date:  November 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01139
								
									


Kowa Company, Ltd. et al v. Aurobindo Pharma Limited et al



Date:  November 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02497
								
									


Bouchard Transportattion Co., Inc. v. Associated Electric & Gas Insurance Services Limited et al



Date:  November 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06586
								
									


Cracco v. The City of New York et al



Date:  November 4, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08235
								
									


Soorsattie v. Shanahan et al



Date:  November 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv07595
								
									


Wallace v. Fischer et al



Date:  November 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv08723
								
									


Purdie v. Brown et al



Date:  November 3, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv08490
								
									


Rahman v. Shanahan et al



Date:  November 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03406
								
									


Gonder v. Dollar Tree Stores, Inc.



Date:  November 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv07541
								
									


Smith v. BarnesandNoble.com LLC



Date:  November 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv04374
								
									


United States of America v. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.



Date:  November 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv07527
								
									


Uncommon Content Partners LLC v. Talamasca, Inc. et al



Date:  November 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv06741
								
									


Dunn v. The City University of New York et al



Date:  November 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv08210
								
									


Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Merus B.V.



Date:  November 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv01650
								
									


Satina v. New York City Human Resources Administration



Date:  November 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03152
								
									


Ye v. Gold Scollar Moshan, PLLC et al



Date:  October 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07683
								
									


LaserDynamics USA, LLC v. Arvato Systems North America, Inc. et al



Date:  October 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03822
								
									


LaserDynamics USA, LLC v. Cinram Group Inc.



Date:  October 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2015cv01629
								
									


Pearson v. Walden University



Date:  October 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv07840
								
									


Rivera v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  October 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv06567
								
									


John Deere Shared Services, Inc. v. Success Apparel LLC et al



Date:  October 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01146
								
									


Guibelalde et al v. The Republic of Argentina



Date:  October 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04908
								
									


Cohen v. BMW Investments L.P.



Date:  October 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03154
								
									


Gomez v. Inovision-Medclr Portfolio Group, LLC et al



Date:  October 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv07395
								
									


Elsevier Inc. et al v. Sci-Hub et al



Date:  October 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04282
								
									


Clarke v. The Leading Hotels of the World



Date:  October 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00008
								
									


MPEG LA, L.L.C. v. Toshiba America Information Systems, Inc.



Date:  October 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03997
								
									


MSS Construction Corp. v. Century Surety Company et al



Date:  October 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02801
								
									


Soto et al v. The City of New York et al



Date:  October 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv06911
								
									


Tedesco v. I.B.E.W. Local 1249 Insurance Fund et al



Date:  October 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv03367
								
									


Guaman v. DL Restaurant Development L.L.C. et al



Date:  October 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02587
								
									


Williams v. Rosenblatt Securities Inc.



Date:  October 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04390
								
									


Crye Precision, LLC et al v. Duro Textiles, LLC



Date:  October 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01681
								
									


Williams v. Rosenblatt Securities Inc.



Date:  October 28, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04390
								
									


Jaffer et al v. Hirji et al



Date:  October 27, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv02127
								
									


Kessler v. Colvin



Date:  October 27, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08201
								
									


Meyers et al v. City of New York et al



Date:  October 27, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09142
								
									


The Republic of Kazakhstan v. Does 1-100



Date:  October 27, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01900
								
									


Chen v. Decker, et al.



Date:  October 27, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06945
								
									


Beckert v. Rubinov et al



Date:  October 27, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01951
								
									


Lovell v. Kaplan et al



Date:  October 27, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv03359
								
									


M.B. et al v. New York City Department of Education



Date:  October 27, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03455
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Bronson et al



Date:  October 26, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2012cv06421
								
									


Llewellyn v. Asset Acceptance et al



Date:  October 26, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv00411
								
									


Wallert v. Atlan et al



Date:  October 26, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04099
								
									


Staten v. The Village of Monticello et al



Date:  October 26, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04766
								
									


Ghulyani v. Stephens & Michaels Associates, Inc.



Date:  October 26, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05191
								
									


Safe Step Walk-In Tub Co. v. CKH Industries, Inc.



Date:  October 26, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv07543
								
									


Millennium Partners, L.P. et al v. U.S. Bank National Association et al



Date:  October 26, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv07581
								
									


Lansuppe Feeder, LLC v. Wells Fargo Bank, National Association et al



Date:  October 26, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv07034
								
									


Bretillot et al v. Burrow et al



Date:  October 26, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07633
								
									


Feist v. RCN Corporation et al



Date:  October 26, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv05436
								
									


Infinity Headwear & Apparel v. Jay Franco & Sons et al



Date:  October 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01259
								
									


Ergo Media Capital, LLC et al v. Bluemner



Date:  October 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01377
								
									


Schoolcraft v. The City Of New York et al



Date:  October 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv06005
								
									


Gardner v. Credit Management LP



Date:  October 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09414
								
									


Lewis et al v. Madej et al



Date:  October 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02676
								
									


Kennedy v. The City of New York et al



Date:  October 23, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv04166
								
									


Orlando v. BNP Paribas North America Inc. et al



Date:  October 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04102
								
									


Yellow Crane Holdings, LLC v. The Republic of Argentina



Date:  October 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05675
								
									


VR Global Partners, LP v. The Republic of Argentina



Date:  October 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv08817
								
									


Montpelier U.S. Insurance Company v. 240 Mt. Hope Realty Co. et al



Date:  October 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01033
								
									


United States of America v. Prevezon Holdings Ltd. et al



Date:  October 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06326
								
									


United States of America v. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.



Date:  October 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv07527
								
									


Smith v. Orongoes et al



Date:  October 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv10052
								
									


Persh v. Petersen



Date:  October 22, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01414
								
									


Jones et al v. L-3 Communications Integrated Systems, L.P.



Date:  October 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06623
								
									


United States Of America v. Narco Freedom, Inc.



Date:  October 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08593
								
									


In Re: The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, Inc.



Date:  October 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv04170
								
									


Lane v. Carter et al



Date:  October 21, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv06798
								
									


Tchatat v. The City Of New York , et al



Date:  October 20, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02385
								
									


Robinson v. Disney Online d/b/a Disney Interactive



Date:  October 20, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04146
								
									


In Re: New York Skyline, Inc.



Date:  October 20, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv07686
								
									


BPP Illinois, LLC et al v. The Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC et al



Date:  October 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv00638
								
									


Rivera v. Carloyn Colvin, Commissioner, Social Security Administration



Date:  October 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv07689
								
									


Calderon v. The City of New York et al



Date:  October 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv01082
								
									


Thomas v. Colvin



Date:  October 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00948
								
									


Faure v. Decker et al



Date:  October 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05128
								
									


Kelley v. The Universal Music Group et al



Date:  October 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02968
								
									


Rivero v. INTL FCStone Inc.,



Date:  October 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03879
								
									


Suarez et al v. Bank of New York



Date:  October 19, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04246
								
									


Malibu Media, L.L.C. v. Doe



Date:  October 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02624
								
									


Knopf et al v. Meister Seelig & Fein, LLP et al.



Date:  October 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05090
								
									


Digizip.com, Inc. v. Verizon Services Corp. et al



Date:  October 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv01741
								
									


Smith v. Corizon Health Services et al



Date:  October 16, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08839
								
									


Schatzki et al v. Weiser Capital Management, LLC et al



Date:  October 15, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04685
								
									


Cangelosi v. Gabriel Bros Inc. et al



Date:  October 15, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03736
								
									


James v. Evans et al



Date:  October 15, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv08512
								
									


Mack v. LaValley



Date:  October 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv08194
								
									


Korenblum et al v. Citigroup, Inc.



Date:  October 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv03383
								
									


Betances v. Fischer et al



Date:  October 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03200
								
									


Villella et al v. Chemical & Mining Co. of Chile Inc. et al



Date:  October 14, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02106
								
									


Tubo v. Orange Regional Medical Center



Date:  October 13, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv01495
								
									


Persh v. Petersen



Date:  October 13, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01414
								
									


United States of America v. Apple, Inc. et al



Date:  October 13, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv02826
								
									


Tart v. Lions Gate Entertainment Corporation et al



Date:  October 13, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08004
								
									


Robainas et al v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company et al



Date:  October 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09926
								
									


De Sole et al v. Knoedler Gallery, LLC et al



Date:  October 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv02313
								
									


Parker-El v. Morales et al



Date:  October 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06996
								
									


Sharkey v. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. et al



Date:  October 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv03824
								
									


Roland III v. McMayle et al



Date:  October 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv06331
								
									


Simpson v. The City of New York et al



Date:  October 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv06577
								
									


Rembert v. Cheverko et al



Date:  October 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv09196
								
									


Tagliaferri v. Szulik et al



Date:  October 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02685
								
									


Rhee v. Good Samaritan Hospital et al



Date:  October 9, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2012cv08508
								
									


Rios et al v. Louya Corp. et al



Date:  October 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv06800
								
									


In Re: AMR Corporation



Date:  October 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08708
								
									


International Chartering Services, Inc. et al v. Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc. et al



Date:  October 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv03463
								
									


The Westchester County Independence Party v. Astorino



Date:  October 8, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv07737
								
									


Davis v. USA



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv07897
								
									


Segedie et al v. The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. et al



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv05029
								
									


Boone v. Bruno F. Codispoti & Associates et al



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01391
								
									


Skiva International, Inc. v. Minx International, Inc.



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04580
								
									


Bissonnette v. Podlaski et al



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08810
								
									


Vision En Analisis Y Estrategia, S.A. et al v. Andersen et al



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08016
								
									


In Re: LightSquared Inc.



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02848
								
									


In Re: Anthony J. Pezzo



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2015cv00162
								
									


Wilder v. News Corporation et al



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv04947
								
									


Glassman-Brown et al v. Pouring Wine, LLC



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03763
								
									


Williams v. Rosenblatt Securities Inc.



Date:  October 7, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04390
								
									


Richardson v. Shanahan et al



Date:  October 6, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv04405
								
									


Cruz v. Colvin



Date:  October 6, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01463
								
									


Kovach v. The City University of New York et al



Date:  October 6, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv07198
								
									


In Re:MT "BALTIC SOUL" Produktentankschiffahrtsgesellschaft MBH & Co. KG and Norient product pool APS



Date:  October 6, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015mc00319
								
									


Johnson v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  October 6, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02086
								
									


Abreu et al v. Colvin



Date:  October 6, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09240
								
									


Dipizio v. Empire State Development Corporation et al.



Date:  October 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05339
								
									


v. Wolfe



Date:  October 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015mc00290
								
									


Leavey v. International Brotherhood of Teamsters - Theatrical Teamsters Local Union No. 817 et al



Date:  October 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv00705
								
									


Flushing Bank v. Green Dot Corporation et al



Date:  October 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv09120
								
									


Calderon v. The City of New York et al



Date:  October 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv01082
								
									


Osberg v. Foot Locker, Inc. et al



Date:  October 5, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv01358
								
									


Trustees of The Sheet Metal Workers' International Association Local Union No. 28 Benefit Funds, v. Maynard et al



Date:  October 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02890
								
									


Thor 725 8th Avenue LLC v. Goonetilleke et al



Date:  October 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04968
								
									


Persh v. Petersen



Date:  October 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv01414
								
									


Kassman v. KPMG LLP



Date:  October 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv03743
								
									


Doe v. Delta Air Lines, Inc.



Date:  October 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06287
								
									


John Wiley & Sons, Inc. et al v. Book Dog Books, LLC et al



Date:  October 2, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv00816
								
									


Tannerite Sports, LLC v. NBCUniversal News Group et al



Date:  October 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv02343
								
									


Pascazi v. Rivera



Date:  October 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv09029
								
									


Sammarco v. Hoolan et al



Date:  October 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv07857
								
									


Rosario v. Commissioner of Social Secuirty



Date:  October 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06210
								
									


Dobbinson et al v. Parham et al



Date:  October 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08620
								
									


In Re: Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MTBE") Products Liability Litigation



Date:  October 1, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2000cv01898
								
									


The Martin Hilti Family Trust v. Knoedler Gallery, LLC et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv00657
								
									


De Sole et al v. Knoedler Gallery, LLC et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv02313
								
									


K.C. et al v. New York State Education Department et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv05910
								
									


Casilla v. United States of America



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06816
								
									


Rennalls v. Westchester County Department of Corrections et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2012cv05300
								
									


Pilao Ong v. Park Manor (Middletown Park) Rehabiliation and Healthcare Center et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2012cv00974
								
									


Shamrock Power Sales, LLC v. Scherer et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2012cv08959
								
									


Piacente v. International Union of Bricklayers & Allied Craftworkers et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv01458
								
									


Mills et al v. Capital One, N.A.



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv01937
								
									


Harrell et al v. The City Of New York , et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07246
								
									


Grant & Eisenhofer P.A. v. Bernstein Liebhard LLP



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09839
								
									


McCall v. Genpak, LLC



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv01947
								
									


In Re: Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07643
								
									


Marin v. Town of Southeast



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv02094
								
									


Berry v. Village of Millbrook



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2009cv04234
								
									


Deanda v. The County of Westchester et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv01203
								
									


In re: Avon Anti-Aging Skincare Creams and Products Marketing and Sales Practices Litigation



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv00150
								
									


Corley v. City of New York et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03202
								
									


College Essay Optimizer, LLC v. Edswell, Inc. et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv08586
								
									


Viropro, Inc. v. Pricewaterhousecoopers Advisory Services SDN BHD



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv06235
								
									


Lopez v. D.O.C.S. et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02441
								
									


Cao et al v. East Market Restaurant, Inc. et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv03902
								
									


The New York Times Company et al v. United States Department of Justice



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03777
								
									


Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. v. Retrophin, Inc. et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04294
								
									


Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. v. Bivona & Cohen, P.C. et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv05212
								
									


In Re: China Medical Technologies, Inc.



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00167
								
									


Dunkelberger et al v. D'Amico et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv03877
								
									


Masciotta v. The Clarkstown Central School District et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07128
								
									


In Re: Residential Capital, LLC



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv09711
								
									


Moreno-Godoy v. Gallet Dreyer & Berkey, L.L.P. et al



Date:  September 30, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07082
								
									


New York Standard Mechanical Corp, v. U.S. Specialty Insurance Company



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02695
								
									


Ordonez et al v. A&S Broadway Produce, Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04152
								
									


Villar v. City of New York et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2009cv07400
								
									


In re Ply Gem Holdings, Inc. Securities Litigation



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03577
								
									


Gucci America, Inc. et al v. Li et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv04974
								
									


APS Technology, Inc. v. Brant Oilfield Management & Sales, Inc.



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv06500
								
									


Gitter v. Target Corporation et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv04460
								
									


I.C. v. Miss Matched, Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv07289
								
									


Phoenix Light SF Limited et al v. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv10104
								
									


Sigmon v. Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv03367
								
									


Eastern Continental Mining And Development LTD., v. Signet Group LLC, et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv01930
								
									


Assenheimer v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2013cv08825
								
									


Harris v. Amtrust Financial Services, Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv00736
								
									


Parker v. Workmen's Circle Center of the Bronx, Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv05327
								
									


Raniere et al v. Citigroup Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02448
								
									


Abrams et al v. Life Medical Technologies, Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03464
								
									


Steinberg v. Mozilo et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv02023
								
									


Poulos v. City of New York et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv03023
								
									


ICBC (London) Plc v. The Blacksands Pacific Group, Inc.



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00070
								
									


Havas Worldwide New York, Inc. et al v. Lions Gate Entertainment Inc.



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv05018
								
									


The Westchester County Independence Party v. Astorino



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2013cv07737
								
									


Reynolds, D.D.S. v. Lifewatch, Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2014cv03575
								
									


Congregation Rabbinical College of Tartikov, Inc. et al v. Village of Pomona et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2007cv06304
								
									


Federal Insurance Company et al v. Mertz, Jr. et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						7:2012cv01597
								
									


Securities and Exchange Commission v. Cole et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv08167
								
									


Ashton, et al v. Al Qaeda Islamic, et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2002cv06977
								
									


Bertuglia et al v. The City of New York et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2011cv02141
								
									


Sigmon v. Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2012cv03367
								
									


Osberg v. Foot Locker, Inc. et al



Date:  September 29, 2015
Docket Number:  
						1:2007cv01358
								
									


1
2
3
4
5
Next











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions








 







Harbinger Capital Partners LLC v. Deere & Company































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










February 11, 2015
Harbinger Capital Partners LLC v. Deere & Company



Track this case


Case Number:
15-408
Court:
Appellate - 2nd Circuit
Nature of Suit:
3850 STATUTES-Secur Comm Exchange
Companies

Deere & Company
Garmin Ltd.
Trimble Navigation Limited

Sectors & Industries:


Industrial Goods

Farm & Construction Machinery



Technology

Scientific & Technical Instruments










View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Coverage


December  7, 2015
2nd Circ. Says Harbinger’s $2B Suit Against GPS Cos. Fails
The Second Circuit on Monday upheld a decision dismissing Harbinger Capital Partners LLC’s $1.9 billion suit claiming three GPS makers hid market information and drove its startup LightSquared Inc. into bankruptcy, finding a lack of a relationship between the companies and the hedge fund.


							1 other articles on this case. View all »



Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In

















 







Harbinger Capital Partners LLC et al v. Deere & Company et al































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










August  9, 2013
Harbinger Capital Partners LLC et al v. Deere & Company et al



Track this case


Case Number:
1:13-cv-05543
Court:
New York Southern
Nature of Suit:
Securities/Commodities
Judge:
Richard M. Berman
Firms

Bingham McCutchen
Boies Schiller
Cooley
Dontzin Nagy
Jones Day
Kasowitz Benson
Morgan Lewis
Schindler Cohen

Companies

Deere & Company
Garmin Ltd.
Trimble Navigation Limited

Sectors & Industries:


Industrial Goods

Farm & Construction Machinery



Technology

Scientific & Technical Instruments










View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Coverage


February  5, 2015
GPS Cos. Duck $2B Harbinger Suit; Can’t Shake LightSquared
A New York federal judge on Thursday threw out Harbinger Capital Partners LLC’s $1.9 billion fraud complaint accusing three global positioning system makers of driving the hedge fund’s wireless startup LightSquared Inc. into bankruptcy, but kept alive some claims from LightSquared itself.


							3 other articles on this case. View all »



Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In

















