

	Harding Loevner LP




























AMG - Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.



Go






Home
News
USA

Websites:AsiaAustraliaCanadaEuropeMiddle EastUSA





About AMGAMG OverviewPhilosophyHistoryClientsProductsAMG FundsAMG Wealth PartnersAffiliatesManagement TeamProductsProducts OverviewClient TypesNew InvestmentsPartnership ApproachWhy Partnership WorksInvestment StructureInvestor RelationsInvestor OverviewPublic Filings & Other Financial InformationPress ReleasesAnnual ReportAnalyst CoverageShareholder InformationStock InformationCorporate GovernanceManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestor PresentationContact Us






About AMG 


AMG OverviewPhilosophyHistoryClientsProductsAMG FundsAMG Wealth PartnersAffiliatesManagement Team





Back to AMG AffiliatesHarding Loevner LPInvestment DisciplineHarding Loevner manages global and non-US equity portfolios following a consistent philosophy focused on long-term investment in growing companies with high-quality fundamentals. The firm invests only in businesses that are skillfully managed, financially strong, benefit from competitive advantages in their industries, and are well positioned for sustainable growth. Portfolio holdings are researched and valued by a team of analysts using a disciplined process that combines in-depth study of individual companies and global analysis of their industries’ competitive structures. Harding Loevner believes well-diversified portfolios of the stocks of companies meeting its quality-growth criteria, purchased at reasonable prices, offer superior risk-adjusted returns over the long term.The FirmFounded in 1989, Harding Loevner offers six primary investment strategies: Global Equity, International Equity, International Equity Research, International Small Companies Equity, Emerging Markets Equity, and Frontier Emerging Markets Equity. They are available through a variety of investment vehicles: separate accounts; US-based Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc.; Collective Investment Trusts; Ireland-based Harding Loevner Funds plc; and Australian Unit Trusts. A number of leading sponsored wealth management programs also offer the firm’s strategies. Harding Loevner serves a diverse global client base that includes foundations, endowments, pension plans, private family offices, and individuals.Contact Information400 Crossing Boulevard,  4th FloorBridgewater, New Jersey 08807+1 (908)  218-7900www.hardingloevner.com




Site MapContact UsLegal Information



	© 2017 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Harding Loevner













Close



I Agree 




























BEING GOOD INVESTORS MAY NOT BE IN OUR HUMAN NATURE,
THAT’S WHY IT’S IN OUR PROCESS.
Harding Loevner has been investing in high-quality, growing businesses worldwide based on disciplined industry research and analysis since 1989.



    
























About Us






                                    OUR PHILOSOPHY
                                

Invest globally in sustainably growing businesses  




                                    OUR PROCESS
                                

A recipe for better human decision-making 




                                    OUR PEOPLE
                                

Clear thinking from many viewpoints




Learn what makes us different



  
   
  


















All strategies from one investment philosophy
 Review our strategies
















GLOBAL EQUITY














INTERNATIONAL EQUITY














INTERNATIONAL SMALL COMPANIES EQUITY














EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY














FRONTIER EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY




















GLOBAL EQUITY RESEARCH














INTERNATIONAL EQUITY RESEARCH














EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH






  
Find Current Reports in our Library




Recent Thinking







                                Global Equity
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




The emphasis on quality, commercialized through the creation of "quality indexes" as benchmarks for passive money, has meant increasingly persistent and decreasingly price-sensitive demand for the stocks of high-quality companies. Our portfolio response has been to redouble our attention to the other two legs of our philosophical stool: growth and price.







                                Emerging Markets
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




The EM universe of technology-based companies is populated by real, high-quality businesses that are far removed from the "dot-coms" that rose and then (mostly) fell through the tech boom-and-bust two decades ago. The strong fundamentals of today’s EM technology companies are why we continue to find new opportunities in this area.







                                International Equity
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




While we resist making wholesale, top-down portfolio decisions based on political policy predictions, it is not the case that we do not think about politics. Rather, our tendency is to think about politics in terms of potential threats to individual companies' profitability and as a source of risk to portfolio concentrations.







                                International Small Companies
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




Whether markets at any moment provide a headwind or a tailwind to our approach does not influence our commitment to identifying high-quality, durable-growth companies through fundamental, bottom-up research. As implemented through our consistent investment process, our investment philosophy and valuation discipline help us navigate through changing style regimes.







                                Frontier Emerging Markets
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




As fundamental investors, we assemble our portfolio from the bottom up by selecting individual companies that meet our criteria across the entire FEM universe, including off-benchmark countries. Our primary objective is to own financially strong, high-quality, long-duration growth businesses that are run by experienced managers whose interests are aligned with ours as shareholders.







































Many ways to invest: products for institutions and individuals
 Review our products


   
MUTUAL FUNDSfor US institutions and individuals
SEPARATELY MANAGED ACCOUNTSfor large institutions
COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT TRUSTSfor US retirement plans
UCITS FUNDSfor non-US investors
UNIT TRUSTSfor Australian investors



   






You are using an old version of Internet Explorer. It may not display all features of this website. For the best experience, please update your browser.

NOTICE TO PERSONS IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND
The information on this website is issued by Trust Company (RE Services) Limited (ABN 45 003 278 831; AFSL 235150) as Responsible Entity of, and issuer of units in, the Harding Loevner Emerging Markets Equity Fund ARSN 604 215 296 (“Fund”), and approved by Harding Loevner LP (“Harding Loevner”), as the Investment Manager of the Fund. Harding Loevner is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients, and is not licensed to provide financial services to retail clients, in Australia. Harding Loevner is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America under US laws, which differ from Australian laws.
The information on this website is provided for general information purposes only, and is not investment advice or research, nor is it to be construed as solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial product . Accordingly, reliance should not be placed on this website as the basis for making an investment or other decision. A product disclosure statement (PDS) issued by the Responsible Entity is available for the Fund. You should obtain and consider the PDS, and related materials, and consult your professional advisers before making any investment decision.
Statements of fact on this website have been obtained from and are based upon sources that the Responsible Entity and Harding Loevner believe to be reliable. Neither the Responsible Entity nor Harding Loevner gives any representation or warranty as to the reliability or accuracy of the information contained on this website. All opinions and estimates included on this website constitute judgements of the Responsible Entity and Harding Loevner as at the date of this website and are subject to change without notice.
I am an Australian wholesale client or a New Zealand eligible investor and agree to the terms above and wish to proceed.

Click "Continue" to visit the general pages of the adviser to the Funds, Harding Loevner LP.
Click "Continue" to visit the pages for Harding Loevner Funds, Inc., a family of mutual funds for US investors.

Harding Loevner is not responsible for the content, accuracy, or timeliness and does not make any warranties, expressed or implied, with regard to the information obtained from other websites. These links are provided for your convenience and for navigational purposes only. They should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any securities. It should not be assumed that investment in the securities identified has been or will be profitable.
By clicking on the "I Agree" button, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and wish to proceed.


Terms & Conditions
Please confirm that you have read and understand the following terms of use of this website.
You are about to access the pages of Harding Loevner Funds plc, an Irish umbrella type open-ended investment company (the "Company"), which contains information about the Company and its sub-funds (each a "Fund"). These pages are for informational purposes only. It is not investment advice, nor is it intended to be relied on as a forecast or research and does not constitute an offer, recommendation or solicitation to buy or sell shares in any Fund. Access to and the information contained in these pages are restricted to persons who are residents of jurisdictions in which the distribution of the information herein is permitted. Please consult your professional advisers if you have questions about a particular investment or are unsure of the laws and regulations applicable to you.
Investment in any Fund may only be made in accordance with the terms of the relevant offering documents, and subject to the laws and regulations applicable in which the offering documents are distributed. Please further note that not all Funds are available for distribution in all or the same jurisdictions. No information regarding the offering of shares of the Funds is intended for, nor will offers or sales of such shares generally be made to, residents of the United States of America, its territories or possessions. In particular, neither the Funds nor any shares are or will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or otherwise in the U.S. and may not, except in a transaction which does not violate U.S. securities laws, be directly or indirectly offered or sold in the U.S. or to any U.S. persons.
By clicking on the "I Agree" button below, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and wish to proceed to these pages.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Harding Loevner LP                                                                                                       - Somerville                                        , NJ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



Somerville



Management Services



Management Services



                            Harding Loevner LP
                                    



 





















H 


Harding Loevner LP                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



50 DIVISION ST STE 401 SOMERVILLE, NJ 08876
Get Directions



(908) 218-7900
www.hardingloevner.com                                                                                  





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $235,678.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts David Loevner                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Harding Loevner Lp                                                                                                       is located at 50 Division St Ste 401 in Somerville and has been in the business of Management Services since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Products













Close



I Agree 



























Harding Loevner


Products

Products















CONVENIENT ACCESS TO OUR GLOBAL PERSPECTIVE




















Many ways to invest



MUTUAL FUNDS
US-based investors can access our strategies through the Harding Loevner family of mutual funds, with share classes for institutions, advisers, and individual investors. 
UCITS FUNDS
European and other institutional investors based outside the US can invest in our strategies through Harding Loevner’s Irish-domiciled UCITS funds. 
AUSTRALIAN UNIT TRUSTS
Australian and New Zealand investors can invest in our strategies through Harding Loevner’s Unit Trusts.
 
 


SEPARATELY MANAGED ACCOUNTS
We offer each of our strategies to institutions worldwide through accounts managed separately to meet their unique needs. 
Collective Investment Trusts
US tax-qualified and governmental retirement plans can invest in our strategies efficiently under collective trust funds advised by Harding Loevner.


















  






You are using an old version of Internet Explorer. It may not display all features of this website. For the best experience, please update your browser.

NOTICE TO PERSONS IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND
The information on this website is issued by Trust Company (RE Services) Limited (ABN 45 003 278 831; AFSL 235150) as Responsible Entity of, and issuer of units in, the Harding Loevner Emerging Markets Equity Fund ARSN 604 215 296 (“Fund”), and approved by Harding Loevner LP (“Harding Loevner”), as the Investment Manager of the Fund. Harding Loevner is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients, and is not licensed to provide financial services to retail clients, in Australia. Harding Loevner is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America under US laws, which differ from Australian laws.
The information on this website is provided for general information purposes only, and is not investment advice or research, nor is it to be construed as solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial product . Accordingly, reliance should not be placed on this website as the basis for making an investment or other decision. A product disclosure statement (PDS) issued by the Responsible Entity is available for the Fund. You should obtain and consider the PDS, and related materials, and consult your professional advisers before making any investment decision.
Statements of fact on this website have been obtained from and are based upon sources that the Responsible Entity and Harding Loevner believe to be reliable. Neither the Responsible Entity nor Harding Loevner gives any representation or warranty as to the reliability or accuracy of the information contained on this website. All opinions and estimates included on this website constitute judgements of the Responsible Entity and Harding Loevner as at the date of this website and are subject to change without notice.
I am an Australian wholesale client or a New Zealand eligible investor and agree to the terms above and wish to proceed.

Click "Continue" to visit the general pages of the adviser to the Funds, Harding Loevner LP.
Click "Continue" to visit the pages for Harding Loevner Funds, Inc., a family of mutual funds for US investors.

Harding Loevner is not responsible for the content, accuracy, or timeliness and does not make any warranties, expressed or implied, with regard to the information obtained from other websites. These links are provided for your convenience and for navigational purposes only. They should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any securities. It should not be assumed that investment in the securities identified has been or will be profitable.
By clicking on the "I Agree" button, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and wish to proceed.


Terms & Conditions
Please confirm that you have read and understand the following terms of use of this website.
You are about to access the pages of Harding Loevner Funds plc, an Irish umbrella type open-ended investment company (the "Company"), which contains information about the Company and its sub-funds (each a "Fund"). These pages are for informational purposes only. It is not investment advice, nor is it intended to be relied on as a forecast or research and does not constitute an offer, recommendation or solicitation to buy or sell shares in any Fund. Access to and the information contained in these pages are restricted to persons who are residents of jurisdictions in which the distribution of the information herein is permitted. Please consult your professional advisers if you have questions about a particular investment or are unsure of the laws and regulations applicable to you.
Investment in any Fund may only be made in accordance with the terms of the relevant offering documents, and subject to the laws and regulations applicable in which the offering documents are distributed. Please further note that not all Funds are available for distribution in all or the same jurisdictions. No information regarding the offering of shares of the Funds is intended for, nor will offers or sales of such shares generally be made to, residents of the United States of America, its territories or possessions. In particular, neither the Funds nor any shares are or will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or otherwise in the U.S. and may not, except in a transaction which does not violate U.S. securities laws, be directly or indirectly offered or sold in the U.S. or to any U.S. persons.
By clicking on the "I Agree" button below, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and wish to proceed to these pages.













Harding Loevner LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















































harding loevner lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Harding Loevner LP operates as an investment firm. The Company provides portfolio management, financial planning, and investment advisory services. Harding Loevner serves customers globally.




Corporate Information
Address:

400 Crossing Blvd
4th Floor
Bridgewater, NJ 08807
United States


Phone:
1-908-218-7900


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.hardingloevner.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company




























From The Web











Key Executives


David R Loevner


CEO/Partner/Founder




Aaron Bellish


Partner/CFO




Richard T Reiter


Partner/COO




Simon Hallett


Partner/Co-Chief Invsmt Officer




Lori M Renzulli


Partner/CCO/Chief Counsel




Peter J Baughan


Partner/Portfolio Mgr/Analyst




G Rusty Johnson III


Partner/Portfolio Mgr/Analyst




Jafar Rizvi


Partner/Portfolio Mgr/Analyst




Craig J Shaw


Partner/Portfolio Mgr/Analyst




Alexander T Walsh


Partner/Portfolio Mgr/Analyst




Pradipta Chakrabortty


Partner/Portfolio Manager/Analyst




Andrew H West


Partner/Portfolio Mgr/Analyst




Bryan Lloyd


Partner/Portfolio Mgr/Analyst




Richard Schmidt "Rick"


Partner/Portfolio Mgr/Analyst




Margaret E Kalvar


Partner/Analyst




Yoko Sakai


Partner/Analyst




Lindsey Andresen


Partner/Mgr:Client Mgmt




Kristin Burke


Partner/Mgr:Institutional Bus Dev




Kevin P Ferguson


Partner/Mgr:Institutional Bus Dev




John Parsons


Partner/Mgr:Institutional Bus Dev




S Clarke Moody


Partner/Portfolio Specialist




Scott Crawshaw


Partner/Portfolio Mgr/Analyst




Brian David Simon


Partner/General Counsel




Gregory Klobucar


Partner/Mgr:National Accounts



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































