

Harfst and Associates | Ashland, OR





Your browser does not support frames.  We recommend upgrading your browser.
Click here to enter the site.


Harfst and Associates | Ashland, OR





Your browser does not support frames.  We recommend upgrading your browser.
Click here to enter the site.




Excellence in Financial Services | Ashland, OR







 @import "/Branches/templates/regional/blue.css";










Excellence in Financial Services 


Investor Access


 
 





Home
About Us
Services
In Our Community

Contact Us










Learn More
Raymond James Account Login
TD Ameritrade Account Login
Additional Links










Welcome!
At Harfst and Associates we offer integrated financial advisory services that are customized to meet the needs of each client.
We listen, guide and offer support throughout every step of our clients’ financial lives. Whether we are creating portfolio allocations or implementing retirement strategies, our clients know they can depend on us for professional, unbiased, independent advice.
Thank you for visiting our site,
Robby Harfst














389 E. Main
Ashland, OR 97520
Phone: 541-488-2634
Fax: 541-488-0599
Toll-Free: 800-866-9219
Contact Us

Map & Directions












This site is published for residents of the United States only.  Harfst and Associates, Inc.  may only conduct business with residents of the states in which it is properly noticed filed or exempt from filing notice.   Information on this website does not involve the rendering of personalized investment advice, but is limited to the dissemination of general information only.

©








﻿






























2,187 Shares in Newell Brands Inc. (NWL) Acquired by Harfst & Associates Inc. - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Newell Brands Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Newell Brands Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:APC) Shares Sold by California Public Employees Retirement System
SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Shares Bought by Schneider Capital Management Corp
Church & Dwight Company, Inc. (NYSE:CHD) Shares Sold by Caisse DE Depot ET Placement DU Quebec
Sequential Brands Group Inc (SQBG) Shares Bought by Citadel Advisors LLC
Citadel Advisors LLC Buys 19,814 Shares of Malibu Boats, Inc. (MBUU)
25,257 Shares in Loxo Oncology, Inc. (LOXO) Acquired by Citadel Advisors LLC
2,187 Shares in Newell Brands Inc. (NWL) Acquired by Harfst & Associates Inc.
Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Shares Sold by Citadel Advisors LLC
EMCOR Group, Inc. (EME) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.80 Per Share
Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) Receives $87.59 Consensus PT from Analysts
Kier Group plc (LON:KIE) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts
Head-To-Head Comparison: DISH Network Corporation (NASDAQ:DISH) and Cablevision Systems (CVC)
Quest Resource Holding Corporation. (QRHC) vs. Alexco Resource Corp. (NYSE:AXU) Head to Head Contrast
Contrasting TerraVia Holdings (TVIA) and Platform Specialty Products Corporation (NYSE:PAH)
Tiffany & Co. (NYSE:TIF) Shares Sold by Cullinan Associates Inc.
Shore Capital Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Oxford Biodynamics PLC (OBD)
Cowen Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:COWN) Cut to Hold at BidaskClub
Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II (NASDAQ:DSKE) Raised to Hold at ValuEngine
Fortress Biotech, Inc. (NASDAQ:FBIO) PT Set at $11.00 by HC Wainwright
BidaskClub Upgrades Brooks Automation, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRKS) to Buy







2,187 Shares in Newell Brands Inc. (NWL) Acquired by Harfst & Associates Inc.


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Harfst & Associates Inc. purchased a new stake in  Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  purchased 2,187 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $103,000. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of NWL. Israel Discount Bank of New York bought a new position in shares of  Newell Brands during the first quarter valued at about $112,000.  Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of  Newell Brands by 23.0% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 2,906 shares of the company’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 544 shares in the last quarter.  Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Newell Brands during the first quarter valued at about $186,000.  Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Newell Brands by 29.3% in the first quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 4,146 shares of the company’s stock worth $196,000 after buying an additional 940 shares during the period.  Finally, Zions Bancorporation boosted its stake in shares of  Newell Brands by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 4,426 shares of the company’s stock worth $198,000 after buying an additional 68 shares during the period. 94.23% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Newell Brands Inc. alerts:



Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE NWL) traded down 0.38% on Friday, reaching $52.90. 2,587,656 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $25.56 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.45 and a beta of 1.17. Newell Brands Inc. has a one year low of $43.43 and a one year high of $55.45. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $53.40 and a 200-day moving average of $49.49. 





Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.34 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.29 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $3.27 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.23 billion. Newell Brands had a return on equity of 11.07% and a net margin of 7.40%. The firm’s revenue was up 148.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.40 EPS.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Newell Brands Inc. will post $3.12 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “2,187 Shares in Newell Brands Inc. (NWL) Acquired by Harfst & Associates Inc.” was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/harfst-associates-inc-buys-new-stake-in-newell-brands-inc-nwl-updated-updated-updated.html. 
NWL has been the topic of several analyst reports. B. Riley  restated a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 price objective on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Friday, April 14th. Wells Fargo & Company downgraded shares of Newell Brands from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $50.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Royal Bank Of Canada  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $60.00 price target on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Thursday, June 8th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Newell Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Saturday, July 1st. Finally, BidaskClub raised shares of Newell Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 5th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $58.56.
In other news, Director Thomas E. Clarke sold 5,353 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.49, for a total value of $280,978.97. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 66,286 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,479,352.14. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own  0.97% of the company’s stock. 
Newell Brands Company Profile
Newell Brands Inc is a marketer of consumer and commercial products. The Company’s segments include Writing, Home Solutions, Commercial Products, Baby & Parenting, Branded Consumables, Consumer Solutions, Outdoor Solutions and Process Solutions. Its products are marketed under a portfolio of brands, including Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, Expo, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Mr.







Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


























































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


﻿






























Harfst & Associates Inc. Lowers Stake in C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for C.R. Bard Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor C.R. Bard Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Exelixis, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXEL) Lifted to “Buy” at BidaskClub
$0.80 Earnings Per Share Expected for Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) This Quarter
$0.11 Earnings Per Share Expected for Rayonier Inc. (RYN) This Quarter
Global Partners LP (GLP) Receives Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR) Shares Bought by Lazard Asset Management LLC
Harfst & Associates Inc. Lowers Stake in C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR)
Morgan Stanley Has $780.12 Million Position in Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS)
ENI S.p.A. (NYSE:E) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG
Northside Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE:HPE)
Anthem, Inc. (NYSE:ANTM) Shares Bought by River Wealth Advisors LLC
UBS Group AG Has $4.60 Million Stake in HealthEquity, Inc. (NASDAQ:HQY)
Caisse DE Depot ET Placement DU Quebec Invests $173,000 in NorthStar Asset Management Group, Inc. (NYSE:CLNS)
UBS Group AG Decreases Position in FCB Financial Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:FCB)
FMC Corporation (NYSE:FMC) Shares Bought by UBS Group AG
Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. Has $834,000 Position in Entergy Corporation (ETR)
Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) PT Set at €107.00 by Warburg Research
Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) versus Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) Financial Review
Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Molina Healthcare Inc (MOH) Stake Boosted by Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc.
Neustar, Inc. (NSR) Shares Bought by Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc.



 


Harfst & Associates Inc. Lowers Stake in C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR)

					Posted by Brian Himes on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 



Harfst & Associates Inc. lowered its stake in shares of  C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR) by 17.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 2,046 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock after selling 424 shares during the period. C.R. Bard makes up  about  0.2% of Harfst & Associates Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 27th largest position. Harfst & Associates Inc.’s holdings in C.R. Bard were worth $508,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cribstone Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in  C.R. Bard during the first quarter worth approximately $130,000.  Contravisory Investment Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of  C.R. Bard by 349.2% in the first quarter. Contravisory Investment Management Inc. now owns 548 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 426 shares in the last quarter.  Whittier Trust Co. boosted its stake in  C.R. Bard by 7.7% in the first quarter. Whittier Trust Co. now owns 591 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 42 shares during the period.  ClariVest Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in  C.R. Bard during the first quarter worth approximately $148,000.  Finally, SRS Capital Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in  C.R. Bard by 0.7% in the first quarter. SRS Capital Advisors Inc. now owns 598 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 4 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  87.50% of the company’s stock. 


 Get C.R. Bard Inc. alerts:



Shares of C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE BCR) traded down 0.03% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $322.11. The stock had a trading volume of 272,654 shares. C.R. Bard, Inc. has a one year low of $203.63 and a one year high of $323.19. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $316.17 and its 200-day moving average price is $273.92. The company has a market cap of $23.33 billion, a PE ratio of 41.00 and a beta of 0.59. 




C.R. Bard (NYSE:BCR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Sunday, April 23rd. The medical instruments supplier reported $2.87 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.65 by $0.22. The company had revenue of $938.80 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $916.15 million. C.R. Bard had a net margin of 15.70% and a return on equity of 48.72%. The company’s revenue was up 7.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $2.34 earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  C.R. Bard, Inc. will post $11.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 4th. Shareholders of record on Monday, July 24th will be paid a $0.26 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 20th. This represents a $1.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.32%. C.R. Bard’s payout ratio is presently 13.21%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Harfst & Associates Inc. Lowers Stake in C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR)” was originally  posted by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/24/harfst-associates-inc-sells-424-shares-of-c-r-bard-inc-bcr-updated-updated.html. 
A number of analysts have recently issued reports on the company. BidaskClub lowered C.R. Bard from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 19th. Zacks Investment Research lowered C.R. Bard from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and issued a $265.00 price target on shares of C.R. Bard in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $317.00 price objective on shares of C.R. Bard in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, Cowen and Company boosted their price objective on C.R. Bard from $240.00 to $317.00 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a report on Monday, April 24th. Eleven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $271.31.
C.R. Bard Company Profile
C. R. Bard, Inc (Bard) is engaged in designing, manufacturing, packaging, distribution and sale of medical, surgical, diagnostic and patient care devices. The Company operates through the manufacture and sale of medical devices segment. It sells a range of products to hospitals, individual healthcare professionals, extended care facilities and alternate site facilities on a global basis.







Receive News & Ratings for C.R. Bard Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for C.R. Bard Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




$0.80 Earnings Per Share Expected for Alliance Resource Partners, L.P.  This Quarter





Exelixis, Inc.  Lifted to “Buy” at BidaskClub





C.R. Bard, Inc.  Shares Bought by Lazard Asset Management LLC





Global Partners LP  Receives Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus





$0.11 Earnings Per Share Expected for Rayonier Inc.  This Quarter





Morgan Stanley Has $780.12 Million Position in Zoetis Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 


















































 


Harfst and Associates, Inc. - HomeHarfst and Associates, Inc.An Independent Water Management CompanyP.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.netHome About the Consultant Capabilities Recent Articles Workshops and Seminars eBook Library Contact Us HomeIf you use water...I'm a good person to knowP.O. Box 276, Crystal Lake, Illinois 60039What We DoHarfst and Associates, Inc. is a consulting firm specializing in water management.  We help our clients solve problems, conserve water, use chemicals efficiently, save energy and minimize waste.  Our strategies focus on increasing profit and gaining competitive advantage by designing and implementing water management programs that protect and enhance the environment.  In so doing we create wealth and employment for our clients by showing them how to use water, steam, energy and chemicals more efficiently. We work with companies to help them develop web content such as blog posts, podcasts, videos, e-books, webinars and white papers. This helps our clients attract new customers, raise company awareness, give their community a reason to tell others, educate and motive the sales force, and make them easier to find on the Internet.Our consulting work is independent and non-adversarial.  We do not sell chemicals, equipment or other products used in water treatment programs. This insures that our marketing and technical  recommendations are offered without commercial bias or conflict of interest. For More Information Please feel free to contact me at any time by phone, email or USPS.  I'd be pleased to discuss your particular water management requirements.wfh@mc.net(815) 861-9082 Copyright Harfst and Associates, inc. All rights reserved. Web Hosting by Yahoo! P.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.net  
Harfst and Associates, Inc. - eBook LibraryHarfst and Associates, Inc.An Independent Water Management CompanyP.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.netHome About the Consultant Capabilities Recent Articles Workshops and Seminars eBook Library Contact Us eBook LibraryThe following eBooks are intended to provide you with practical information on a variety of water topics.  These are available in PDF format for easy viewing on your computer screen using the Adobe Reader. If you would like a copy of one of my eBooks, please go to the Contact Us page and send a request by providing your name, company, email address (very important), and indicate the title of the eBook in the Question/comment box. We'll send the eBook to you by return email.Non-chemical water treatmentNon-chemical methods for conditioning water for use in cooling towers and boilers have been promoted for over 100 years.  Because of the growing interest in conserving water, reducing discharge of chemicals into the environment, limiting exposure of workers to hazardous chemicals, and the ever-present need to save energy, engineers are once again reviewing the benefits of non-chemical water treatment devices.  This eBook describes the common types of equipment marketed for this purpose including magnetic, electrostatic, ultrasonic, galvanic, electro-chemical, electro-deposition, membrane separtion, ozone, and ultraviolet.Swimming Pool Chemistry: a basic approach to pool maintenanceIf you own one of the 10 million private or 360 thousand public swimming pools in the US, you are familiar with the need to sample and test the water for pH and chlorine levels.  Based on the test results, various chemicals are added to bring the water into balance.  Swimming pool chemicals are marketed by a variety of suppliers under many brand names.  These products all work well when used according to the label directions.  What is not commonly known, however, is that brand name swimming pool products are chemically identical to common household products that are found in your kitchen cabinets or amongst your cleaning supplies.  This eBook teaches you how to keep your pool water clear, clean and sanitary by using simple environmentally-friendly household products like baking soda, chlorine bleach, washing soda, acid and salt instead of the more-expensive brand name pool chemicals sold in the retail shops.If you use water, we're good people to know...My goal is to provide you with unbiased information on water treatment technology.  Please check back with us as our eBook library grows.   Have Questions?If you have any questions or require more details on any of the topics covered in these eBooks, please feel free to contact me. We welcome your questions and queries. Please see our Contact Us page for complete contact information.   Copyright Harfst and Associates, inc. All rights reserved. Web Hosting by Yahoo! P.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.net  
Harfst and Associates, Inc. - About the consultantHarfst and Associates, Inc.An Independent Water Management CompanyP.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.netHome About the Consultant Capabilities Recent Articles Workshops and Seminars eBook Library Contact Us About the consultantIn my work as an independent water management consultant, technical writer, seminar leader, and public speaker, I help companies manage their water resources.  I work with industrial, government, utility and commercial clients on projects that conserve water, reduce cost and save energy.  I assist my clients by trouble shooting problems with their water treatment programs and recommending cost effective solutions for those problems.  This includes laboratory testing, corrosion failure analysis and corrosion control methods.I work with chemical companies to help them communicate their message to their Target Market by developing content for company websites, blogs, podcasts, videos, webinars, white papers and e-books. This helps them attract new customers, raise company awareness, give their community a reason to tell others, educate and motivate their sales force, and make them easier to find on the Internet.﻿An important part of my consulting work includes conducting professional seminars and workshops on water treatment technology, laboratory test procedures, equipment operation and water conservation methods.  These training programs are designed for plant management and operating engineers who supervise or implement water management programs.  I have served as an instructor on boiler and cooling water technology for the University of Wisconsin Engineering Professional Development program.I write technical articles for the trade press on water treatment technology and am active in many professional organizations such as the National Association of Corrosion Engineers and the International Water Conference.Education and Related ExperienceI have a B.S. degree in Chemistry from the University of Illinois cum laude (1972) and over 43 years of experience in the water management field.  This includes employment as Technical Director, Director of Dearbon Educational Services, and Senior Product Manager for Dearborn Chemical.  I also served as the Midwest Regional Engineer for Arrowhead Industrial Water, a high purity mobile services, ion exchange and reverse osmosis equipment company.Drawing from this combined experience, I started Harfst and Associates in March 1991.If you Use Water...I'm a good person to know...If you would like more information on Harfst and Associates, please contact me by phone, email or USPSwfh@mc.net(815) 861-9082There is no charge for an initial consultation Copyright Harfst and Associates, inc. All rights reserved. Web Hosting by Yahoo! P.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.net  
Harfst and Associates, Inc. - Recent Articles in the trade pressHarfst and Associates, Inc.An Independent Water Management CompanyP.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.netHome About the Consultant Capabilities Recent Articles Workshops and Seminars eBook Library Contact Us Recent Articles in the trade pressThe following is a list of articles that recently appeared in the trade press on topics related to water treatment technology.  This also provides a link to The Water Technology Report blog that provides a series of articles on industrial water treatment technology.To view the article online, click the link.blog: Water technology reportThis blog contains technical articles of interest for industrial water treatment professionals.https://watertechnologyreport.wordpress.com/﻿enhanced cooling tower maintenance saves waterby William Harfst, Maintenance Technology, October 2008Water is an undervalued utility.  Unlike fuel and electricity, plants generally make little effort to conserve water since it is viewed as essentially "free" by most consumers.  While every opportunity has been explored over the past 30 years to conserve Btu's and kilowatts, less attention has been paid to reducing water consumption.  But things are changing...Water Conservation:  the business caseby William Harfst  Industrial Maintenance and Plant Operations, October 2008Recording-breaking droughts have plagued the Southeast and the arid Southwest.  Georgia is caught in the grip of a drought that is the worst in 100 years of recordkeeping while at the same time 30 million people in the Southwest witnessed water reserves in Lake Mead and Lake Powell decline to near-record low levels.  Drought combined with rapid growth has created a water crisis in many parts of the United States.  And there may be little relief in sight....Conserve water by improving cooling tower efficiencyby William Harfst  Power, January 2009An abundant supply of fresh water is taken for granted in many parts of the world.  This utopian view is rapidly changing; however, as greater demands are placed on what is fast becoming a limited resource. As experts publicly debate the impact of global warming on climatic conditions, drought and local water shortages, the general public's awareness of these problems is increased.  And as concerns over water quality issues grow, government regulatory controls expand in an attempt to resolve conflicts caused by water shortages, restrictions on use and owners' rights...corrosion in copper pipes can be preventedby William Harfst, Water Technology Magazine, Vol 22, Issue 3 1999Copper pipe is used extensively for residential, commercial and industrial water service. It offers superior corrosion resistance, is durable and easy to work, and provides excellent heat transfer. However, under certain operating environments, problems can develop, such as pinhole leaks, failures at soldered joints, elevated copper and lead levels in water and general corrosion failure. Repeated corrosion failures of this type are aggravating and expensive. Fortunately, these problems are easy to identify...If you use water, we're good people to know...I have worked with hundreds of companies to implement the strategies discussed in these articles.  The same opportunities are available to you.Other NewsBill is the author of two monthly technical columns entitled Back to Basics in Ultrapure Water Journal and Waterside Fundamentals in Industrial Water Treatment.  Contact me if you would like copies of these articles.Contact us today!We welcome your questions and queries. Please see our Contact Us page for complete contact information.Copyright Harfst and Associates, inc. All rights reserved. Web Hosting by Yahoo! P.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.net  
Harfst and Associates, Inc. - About the consultantHarfst and Associates, Inc.An Independent Water Management CompanyP.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.netHome About the Consultant Capabilities Recent Articles Workshops and Seminars eBook Library Contact Us About the consultantIn my work as an independent water management consultant, technical writer, seminar leader, and public speaker, I help companies manage their water resources.  I work with industrial, government, utility and commercial clients on projects that conserve water, reduce cost and save energy.  I assist my clients by trouble shooting problems with their water treatment programs and recommending cost effective solutions for those problems.  This includes laboratory testing, corrosion failure analysis and corrosion control methods.I work with chemical companies to help them communicate their message to their Target Market by developing content for company websites, blogs, podcasts, videos, webinars, white papers and e-books. This helps them attract new customers, raise company awareness, give their community a reason to tell others, educate and motivate their sales force, and make them easier to find on the Internet.﻿An important part of my consulting work includes conducting professional seminars and workshops on water treatment technology, laboratory test procedures, equipment operation and water conservation methods.  These training programs are designed for plant management and operating engineers who supervise or implement water management programs.  I have served as an instructor on boiler and cooling water technology for the University of Wisconsin Engineering Professional Development program.I write technical articles for the trade press on water treatment technology and am active in many professional organizations such as the National Association of Corrosion Engineers and the International Water Conference.Education and Related ExperienceI have a B.S. degree in Chemistry from the University of Illinois cum laude (1972) and over 43 years of experience in the water management field.  This includes employment as Technical Director, Director of Dearbon Educational Services, and Senior Product Manager for Dearborn Chemical.  I also served as the Midwest Regional Engineer for Arrowhead Industrial Water, a high purity mobile services, ion exchange and reverse osmosis equipment company.Drawing from this combined experience, I started Harfst and Associates in March 1991.If you Use Water...I'm a good person to know...If you would like more information on Harfst and Associates, please contact me by phone, email or USPSwfh@mc.net(815) 861-9082There is no charge for an initial consultation Copyright Harfst and Associates, inc. All rights reserved. Web Hosting by Yahoo! P.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.net  
Harfst and Associates, Inc. - Contact UsHarfst and Associates, Inc.An Independent Water Management CompanyP.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.netHome About the Consultant Capabilities Recent Articles Workshops and Seminars eBook Library Contact Us Contact UsIf you would like more information on the water management services offered by Harfst and Associates, please take a moment to complete the contact form below. Or you may contact me by phone, email or letter.(815) 861-9082(815) 477-7824 (fax) wfh@mc.netP.O. Box 276, Crystal Lake, Illinois 60039If you would like to meet in person...If you would like to schedule an initial meeting at your plant site, please indicate the best day and time.  I will promptly confirm the meeting by return email or telephone.There is no charge for an initial consultation.Contact us with your question or comment...*First Name:*Last Name:*Email:*Mobile Phone:Comments:Company:Submit Your Message:SubmitResetCopyright Harfst and Associates, inc. All rights reserved. Web Hosting by Yahoo! P.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.net  
Harfst and Associates, Inc. - Workshops and SeminarsHarfst and Associates, Inc.An Independent Water Management CompanyP.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.netHome About the Consultant Capabilities Recent Articles Workshops and Seminars eBook Library Contact Us Workshops and SeminarsAn important part of my consulting work includes providing education for plant operators and supervisors.  These workshops are designed for 2 to 4 hours sessions in a classroom setting.  This allows flexibility in scheduling these workshops to fit into a busy plant schedule.Fundamentals of industrial water treatmentThis workshop reviews the problems water can cause such as scale deposition, corrosion, and microbiological considerations.  It includes a general introduction to water chemistry, water testing methods and water quality control methods.  2 hoursfiltrationTopics include activated carbon filtration, iron and manganese removal, gravity and pressure filters along with a general comparison of the various filter media used to condition water.  2 hoursIon exchange technologyThis workshop covers the basics of ion exchange technology.  Discussions include how ion exchange works, ion exchang calculations, operation and maintenance of ion exchange systems and troubleshooting tips.  This information is relevant to owners and operators of softeners, dealkalizers and demineralizers.  2 to 3 hoursReverse osmosisThis 4-hour workshop discusses the practical aspects of operation and maintenance of reverse osmosis systems.  This includes how reverse osmosis works, pretreatment requirements, performance monitoring and chemical cleaning.  Practical troubleshooting tips are also offered.  Excellent information for novice or experienced plant personnel.  4 hoursCooling towers and closed cooling loopsThis program presents the water treatment requirements for open and closed cooling water systems.  Subjects include cooling towers and cooling water system design, water chemistry, system calculations and operating parameters.  Various chemical treatment options are discussed including scale and corrosion inhibitors along with microbiological control agents.  4 hourssteam boilers and condensate systemsThis seminar addresses the water treatment requirements for steam and hot water systems.  Topics include pretreatment of boiler feedwater, scale inhibition, sludge conditioning, corrosion control, boiler calculations and water quality guidelines.  A review of recent developments in boiler water chemistry is included.  4 hoursIf you use water, we're good people to know...My goal is to work with everyone involved with your water management program to help them better understand the technology that they work with every day.Contact us today for more details  What Can You Expect?Sending employess off-site for training is expensive.  And with current budget cutbacks, travel and training expenses are often the first to be cut.We provide professional, comprehensive, on-site training for your staff at a fraction of the cost of off-site training programs.Learn a lot without spending a fortune. Copyright Harfst and Associates, inc. All rights reserved. Web Hosting by Yahoo! P.O. Box 276Crystal Lake, IL 60039ph: (815) 861-9082fax: (815) 477-7824wfh@mc.net





HARFST & ASSOCIATES INC, Crystal Lake, Illinois, IL 60014-0000














Join
or
Sign In





Toggle





All Contractors
By Category
By State


Government Contractors > HARFST & ASSOCIATES INC



HARFST & ASSOCIATES INCCrystal Lake, Illinois


(815) 477-4559
3705 Church Hill Ln
Crystal Lake, IL 60014-0000



Products & Services
water quality, water management, steam, cooling water, water conservation, water recycling, wastewater, energy conservation
Keywords


Water Management
Engineering
Consulting
Steam
Cooling Water


Energy
Wastewater
Conservation
Water Recycling


NAICS Code(s)


541618Other Management Consulting Services
541620Environmental Consulting Services
541990All Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services
541330Engineering Services
238220Plumbing, Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contractors
333319Other Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing
424690Other Chemical and Allied Products Merchant Wholesalers
541380Testing Laboratories





Expand Map


Found any discrepancies in your company profile?
Request to update/remove the information







Company Information


Company Name:
HARFST & ASSOCIATES INC
Address:3705 Church Hill LnCity:Crystal LakeState:IllinoisZip Code:60014-0000Phone:815-477-4559Contact Person:WILLIAM F. HARFSTLegal Structure:Subchapter S CorporationYear Established:1991Business Type:
Research and Development (20 %) Service (80 %)



See Also

CHRISTENSEN CONSULTING FOR SAFETY EXCELLENCE LTD  Crystal Lake,  Il
Occupational Safety Consulting


AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF UTILITY AUDITORS  Crystal Lake,  Il
Utility bill and contract auditing and legal review for vendor compliance,  rate accuracy,  and competitiveness


DIRECT STEEL, LLC  Crystal Lake,  Il
Direct Steel? and Construction is a Facilities Solutions Provider and has delivered great experiences for industrial,  commercial,  and governmental clients.


TENZING THALES CORPORATION  Crystal Lake,  Il
Engineering and Design Services


PROJECT SUPPORT SERVICES LLC  Crystal Lake,  Il
Provides specialized equipment,  engineering and on-site management technical support services; Weapons Dismantlement, Facility Decommissioning and other Specialized Project assignments within the 










Home
About USAOPPS
USAOPPS BID
Pricing
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Local Sites



© 2015 USAOPPS.com. All rights reserved.







Harfst And Associates, Inc. | Wealthminder











































Harfst And Associates, Inc.


Harfst And Associates, Inc.
(CRD# 145090) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Ashland, OR.
They
manage $302,413,611 in 1,031 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 8 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Harfst And Associates, Inc.




389 E. Main Street,
Ashland,
OR
97520
541-488-2634
http://www.harfstandassociates.com




http://www.harfstandassociates.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

302
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,031
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$293,321







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Pension consulting services
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CT, ID, IL, NE, OR, TX, WA






Financial Advisors at Harfst And Associates, Inc.




Showing 1 - 3 of 3 top financial advisors.





1















Robby D. Harfst



CRD#:
2319056



389 E. Main Street,
Ashland,
OR
97520




96

Wealthminder
score








Robby Harfst (CRD# 2319056) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Harfst And Associates, Inc. in Ashland, OR and has 
over 24 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Robby Harfst has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






2















Danette J. Harfst



CRD#:
6026186



389 E. Main Street,
Ashland,
OR
97520




90

Wealthminder
score








Danette Harfst (CRD# 6026186) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Harfst And Associates, Inc. in Ashland, OR and has 
over 5 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Zeph-raiden E. Robertson



CRD#:
6188071



389 E. Main Street,
Ashland,
OR
97520




90

Wealthminder
score








Zeph-raiden Robertson (CRD# 6188071) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Harfst And Associates, Inc. in Ashland, OR and has 
over 4 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














