



















Salesforce Company Executive Team - Salesforce.com





 
















Executive team

‹ Leadership




The Salesforce executive management team is made up of seasoned individuals who now seek to define Salesforce as a world-class company delivering enterprise software with cloud computing.
The executive management team at Salesforce is comprised of:

Marc Benioff, Chairman & CEO
Parker Harris, Co-Founder
Keith Block, Vice Chairman, President and COO
Alex Dayon, President, Chief Product Officer
Suzanne DiBianca, Executive Vice President, Corporate Relations and Chief Philanthropy Officer
Corey duBrowa, Executive Vice President, Chief Communications Officer
Mark Hawkins, Chief Financial Officer
Maria Martinez, President, Global Customer Success and Salesforce Latin America
Elizabeth Pinkham, Executive Vice President, Global Real Estate
Tony Prophet, Chief Equality Officer
Cindy Robbins, Executive Vice President, Global Employee Success
Amy Weaver, President, Legal and General Counsel






Marc Benioff
Chairman & CEO

Marc Benioff is chairman and CEO of Salesforce. A pioneer of cloud computing, Benioff founded the company in 1999 with a vision to create a new kind of enterprise software company, with a new technology model based in the cloud, a new pay-as-you-go business model and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. Under his leadership, Salesforce has grown from a groundbreaking idea into a Fortune 500 company, the fastest-growing top ten software company in the world and the largest CRM company.
For its revolutionary approach, Salesforce has been named one of the World’s Most Innovative Companies six years in a row by Forbes Magazine, one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies in the software industry five years in a row, and a Fortune Best Company to Work For nine years in a row.
Benioff has been widely recognized for his visionary leadership and pioneering innovations. He has been named one of the World’s 50 Greatest Leaders by Fortune, 50 Most Influential People by Bloomberg, one of the top 20 Best-Performing CEOs by Harvard Business Review, Businessperson of the Year by Fortune readers, one of the Best CEOs in the World by Barron’s, Innovator of the Decade by Forbes Magazine and received The Economist’s Innovation Award. Benioff is also a member of the World Economic Forum Board of Trustees.
Benioff created the 1-1-1 model of philanthropy, which leverages the resources of Salesforce to improve communities around the world: donating 1% of Salesforce’s product, 1% of its equity and 1% of employees' time to help nonprofits achieve their missions. Today, more than 1,400 companies have adopted the 1-1-1 model through the Pledge 1% movement. Benioff and his wife, Lynne, have focused their personal philanthropy on children’s health, including building UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospitals in San Francisco and Oakland, as well as on public education, homelessness and other social issues.
Benioff believes that businesses are the greatest platforms for change in the world. He has embraced World Economic Forum founder Klaus Schwab’s multi-stakeholder approach to leadership, serving not only shareholders but all stakeholders--including customers, employees, partners, communities and the environment--to make the world a better place. Benioff is also inspiring fellow business leaders to do the same. He led a group of CEOs and business leaders in opposing state legislation that discriminated against LGBTQ communities, and instituted a company-wide salary assessment at Salesforce to ensure men and women were being paid equally for comparable work.
Benioff is a 35-year veteran of the software industry. Prior to launching Salesforce, he spent 13 years at Oracle Corporation. He founded his first company, Liberty Software, which created video games, at the age of 15. He also worked as an assembly language programmer in Apple Computer’s Macintosh Division. Benioff received a B.S. in Business Administration in 1986 and an honorary degree of Doctor of Humane Letters in 2014 from the University of Southern California.
He is the author of three books, including the national best seller, Behind the Cloud.

Parker Harris
Co-Founder

Parker Harris oversees product strategy for Salesforce, from design to development to service delivery.
Parker founded Salesforce along with Marc Benioff, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez in the spring of 1999. Prior to founding Salesforce, Parker developed cloud computing expertise at Left Coast Software, a company he co-founded in 1996, and sales force automation expertise at Metropolis Software, an early pioneer in field sales force automation subsequently acquired by Clarify.
Parker developed a love of math, science and computer programming at an early age, but also developed the other side of his brain with a fluency in French and a degree in English Literature from Middlebury College.

Keith Block
Vice Chairman, President and COO

Keith Block is the Vice Chairman, President and COO of Salesforce and serves on its board of directors. He leads the company’s day-to-day operations, including its rapidly growing, multi-billion dollar global sales and services business, alliances and channels, industry strategy, corporate development, corporate affairs, marketing and business operations.
Block has managed world-class sales, consulting and engineering teams for nearly 30 years, with a focus on customer transformation. Prior to joining Salesforce in 2013, Block served as Oracle’s executive vice president of North America Sales and Consulting, leading a multi-billion dollar sales and services business unit that achieved record revenue and margin during his tenure. He began his career at Booz Allen Hamilton as a senior consultant.
Block currently serves on the World Economic Forum’s Information Technology Community  as a Governor, the Board of Trustees for Carnegie-Mellon University, the Advisory Board at Carnegie-Mellon University Heinz Graduate School and the Board of Trustees at the Concord Museum. He is also actively involved with the Boston Partners in Education, a nonprofit focused on enhancing the academic achievement and personal growth of Boston’s public school students.
Block holds a Master’s of Science degree in Management and Policy Analysis and a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Information Systems from Carnegie-Mellon University.

Alex Dayon
President, Chief Product Officer

Alex Dayon is president of Salesforce’s products. Dayon, who holds several patents, is focused around creating business value out of technology disruption.
Dayon joined Salesforce in 2008 through the acquisition of InStranet, a leading knowledge-base company where he was a founder and served as its CEO. Prior to InStranet, Dayon was a founding member of Business Objects SA where he led the product group for more than 10 years.
Dayon holds a master’s degree in electrical engineering from Ecole Supérieure d'Electricité (SUPELEC) in France.

Suzanne DiBianca
Executive Vice President, Corporate Relations and Chief Philanthropy Officer

Suzanne DiBianca is the Executive Vice President of Corporate Relations and Chief Philanthropy Officer of Salesforce. In this role, Suzanne leads Salesforce’s stakeholder strategy—including all corporate giving, community relations and sustainability efforts. Suzanne was previously co-founder and president of the Salesforce Foundation and Salesforce.org.
Under Suzanne’s leadership, Salesforce pioneered the 1-1-1 model of integrated corporate philanthropy, which dedicates 1% of Salesforce’s equity, employee time or product back into the community. Today, Salesforce serves as a successful model for corporate social responsibility, with hundreds of companies adopting this model through Pledge 1%.
Suzanne is a recognized leader in corporate philanthropy. She has been named one of Inside Philanthropy’s 50 Most Powerful Women in Philanthropy and is member of the San Francisco Business Times’ Most Influential Women in Bay Area Business hall of fame. She serves on the boards of Box.org, Classy, Inc., Tides, Twilio.org and the World Affairs Council’s Global Philanthropy Forum. Former board service includes Goodwill Industries, the San Francisco School Volunteers and Zynga.org.
Prior to joining Salesforce, Suzanne was a principal at CSC Consulting, where she led mergers, acquisitions and technology implementations for Fortune 500 companies. Before CSC, Suzanne was the marketing and program director for Partners for Democratic Change, an organization providing conflict management and dispute resolution training around the world. Suzanne is a graduate of the University of Colorado at Boulder.

Corey duBrowa
Executive Vice President, and Chief Communications Officer of Salesforce

Corey duBrowa is EVP and Chief Communications Officer of Salesforce. In this role, duBrowa serves as senior communications counsel to the Salesforce executive team and leads the strategy and management of the company’s communications activities.
Most recently duBrowa served as SVP, global communications of Starbucks. During his seven-year tenure, he led the development and execution of global communications strategies to enhance and protect the Starbucks brand and corporate reputation as it grew from forty countries to seventy-five.
Prior to joining Starbucks, duBrowa spent a decade at WE Worldwide, most recently serving as President of the Americas Region and Business Development, working with clients such as Microsoft, AMD, T-Mobile and Toshiba. duBrowa also spent six years at Nike in a variety of global communications and management roles.
duBrowa holds a B.A. in journalism from the University of Oregon. He was President of the University of Oregon Alumni Association for two years and served on its board of directors for seven. He was also President of the School of Journalism and Communications Advisory Council from 2012-2014. duBrowa was added to both the Arthur W. Page Society Board of Trustees and the Board of Advisors for the USC Annenberg Center on Communication Leadership & Policy in 2016.

Mark Hawkins
Chief Financial Officer

As chief financial officer and executive vice president at Salesforce, Mark Hawkins is responsible for leading the company’s global finance organization and is a member of the company’s executive committee reporting directly to chairman and CEO Marc Benioff.
Hawkins has more than 30 years of experience with leading finance organizations at global software and technology companies including Autodesk, Logitech, Dell and Hewlett-Packard.
At Autodesk, Hawkins served as CFO and executive vice president from 2009 to 2014, leading the global finance, information technology and procurement organizations. From 2006 to 2009, Hawkins was CFO and senior vice president of finance & IT at Logitech International SA.
From 2000 to 2006, Hawkins served as vice president of finance for Dell’s Worldwide Procurement and Logistics organization, as well as vice president of finance for Dell’s U.S. Home Segment. Prior to Dell, Hawkins spent nearly 19 years at Hewlett-Packard where he held a variety of finance and business management roles, including a two-year posting in Europe.
Hawkins serves on the board of SecureWorks, a global leader in cyber security solutions, and Plex Systems, a leader in cloud based ERP for manufacturers. He holds an M.B.A in Finance from the University of Colorado, a B.A. from Michigan State University, and completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.

Maria Martinez
President, Global Customer Success and Salesforce Latin America

With more than 30 years of experience in business and technology leadership roles, Maria Martinez leads Salesforce’s Customer Success Group and is also GM of the company’s Latin and Central America business. Her primary focus is helping customers transform their businesses and realize their ambitions faster. Martinez’ organization encompasses the company’s Success Programs and Products, including Customer Success Managers, Architects, Cloud Implementation Practices, Accelerators, Innovation and Transformation Consulting, Renewals and more.
Prior to joining Salesforce six years ago, Martinez managed Microsoft’s global services business, including professional services and customer support for the company’s business products. In her six-year tenure, Martinez led businesses to outperform revenue targets and to significantly increase Microsoft’s customer satisfaction rating. Before that, Martinez served as president and CEO of Embrace Networks, and she has also held senior leadership roles at Motorola and AT&T.
Martinez has a Master’s degree in computer engineering from Ohio State University and a Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Puerto Rico.

Elizabeth Pinkham
Executive Vice President, Global Real Estate

Elizabeth Pinkham is responsible for Salesforce’s global real estate strategy, overseeing the company’s real estate portfolio and office design, as well as creating unique brand experiences for Salesforce’s stakeholders. Pinkham has created inspiring brand experiences for more than 20 years.
A Salesforce veteran of 17 years, Pinkham was previously responsible for global strategic events. She oversaw a wide range of brand and event experiences, including management of the company’s annual Dreamforce event in San Francisco since its first program in 2003 to the current conference experience, which drew 171,000 registered attendees and 16 million plus online viewers in 2016.
Before joining Salesforce, Pinkham held marketing positions at Oracle and Sybase. Pinkham holds a B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley.

Tony Prophet
Chief Equality Officer

Tony Prophet is chief equality officer of Salesforce. He leads the company’s equality initiatives, focusing on gender, LGBTQ and racial equality to ensure that Salesforce reflects the diversity of the communities it serves. He is a member of the company’s executive committee, reporting to Chairman and CEO Marc Benioff. He currently serves on the board of directors of Gannett and is chairman of the Transformation Committee.
Prior to joining Salesforce, Prophet served as Microsoft’s corporate vice president of Education Marketing, where he defined the Microsoft Education business model, channel and market strategy. He was co-executive sponsor of Blacks at Microsoft (BAM) and founding executive of BlackLight, an organization empowering black marketers at Microsoft. Prior to Microsoft, he led worldwide operations for what is now HP Operations Inc. as a senior vice president. He also held executive positions at United Technologies Corporation (UTC) and was a partner at Booz Allen Hamilton.
Throughout his career, Prophet has worked as a champion for human rights and social justice, including protecting the rights of young workers, educating female workers on health issues in developing countries, improving schools for children of migrant workers and addressing the root causes of migratory worker flows. He is also passionate about community service, focusing on ensuring low-income teens get college educations, as well as improving health care for children and HIV-positive women in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Prophet holds a Bachelor’s of Science in Industrial Engineering from General Motors Institute and an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.

Cindy Robbins
Executive Vice President, Global Employee Success

Cindy Robbins is executive vice president of Global Employee Success at Salesforce — one of the World’s Most Innovative Companies according to Forbes and one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For nine years in a row. In this role, Robbins leads the company’s efforts to attract, develop and retain the best talent.
Robbins has more than 15 years of experience in the field of Human Resources. At Salesforce, Robbins’ previous leadership roles within Employee Success include overseeing recruiting and global business partners. Prior to joining Salesforce in 2006, she held positions at major technology companies including BEA, OpenWave, Plumtree Software and Excite@Home.
Robbins holds a B.S. in Political Science from Santa Clara University.

Amy Weaver
President, Legal and General Counsel

Amy Weaver leads the legal, compliance, internal audit, security and government affairs teams at Salesforce. She is a member of the company’s executive committee.
Prior to joining Salesforce, Weaver was executive vice president and general counsel of Univar Inc., where she was responsible globally for all legal and corporate affairs, governance, corporate transactions, compliance, litigation and employment law matters. Previously Weaver was senior vice president and deputy general counsel at Expedia, Inc. Weaver practiced law at Cravath, Swaine & Moore and at Perkins Coie LLP. Prior to entering private practice, she served as a legislative aide to a member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council and as a clerk on the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.
Weaver has a J.D. from Harvard Law School and a B.A. from Wellesley College.




 















 











Parker Harris Salesforce cofounder profile - Business Insider




































 





 




































































































Enterprise























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








Parker Harris: The little-known nice guy who helped turn Salesforce into San Francisco's most powerful tech company










Eugene Kim












Feb. 16, 2015,  8:00 AM



41,126




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 











Salesforce cofounders Marc
  Benioff and Parker Harris
Salesforce




  Parker Harris was sitting by the windows of Kinkaid’s, a
  steakhouse in Burlingame, California, gazing at the lake of Anza
  Lagoon, when Marc Benioff walked in.


  The lunch was set up at the request of Benioff, then a star
  Oracle executive, who had just returned from his sabbatical in
  India with a new startup idea. He was looking for an engineer who
  he could partner with, and Harris had come highly recommended.


  It was hard, though, to imagine anyone further removed from the
  Silicon Valley engineering standard. Harris was raised in North
  Carolina, went to a small liberal arts college in Vermont, and
  majored in English literature. He was relatively unknown in
  Silicon Valley, especially compared to Benioff.


  After the formalities, Benioff cut straight to the point.


  “Look,” he told Harris. “I want to start a company. A new
  software service.”


  Benioff’s idea was simple: building an affordable customer
  relationship management (CRM) software and delivering it entirely
  online as a service. He wanted to make CRM, which helps
  salespeople to track leads and manage clients, as easy as buying
  a book on Amazon.


  This was when most CRM solutions were hosted on a company's own
  servers. They took months, or even years, to install, were
  extremely hard to use, and cost millions of dollars. Benioff
  wanted to sell a cheaper CRM, with better quality, built from the
  ground up on the web — or in the “cloud” — so companies of all
  sizes could deploy it with ease.


  “So, are you guys good? Is this something you’d be interested in
  doing?” Benioff asked Harris.


  Harris was intrigued by the idea. Although he already had his own
  company, Harris knew this was an opportunity he couldn’t pass up.
  The internet was blowing up, and Benioff’s idea was potentially
  revolutionary: if it worked, it could turn the entire software
  industry upside down. Even in the worst case, Parker thought,
  Benioff had enough Valley connections that could lead to more
  opportunities.


  Harris told him, “We’re some of the best people you’ll find in
  the Valley.”


  In March 1999, Benioff, Harris, and two other founders from
  Harris's old company launched Salesforce.com in a tiny
  one-bedroom apartment in Telegraph Hill.


  Fifteen years later, Salesforce has grown into the fifth-largest
  software company in the world, with annual revenue of $5 billion
  and a market value of over $35 billion. It's the largest tech
  employer in San Francisco, with about 5,000 employees in the
  city, and by 2017 its headquarters 
  will move into the newly built tallest building in San
  Francisco, the 1,070-foot Salesforce Tower.


Everybody knows Benioff, the
  larger-than-life CEO. But Harris is the mastermind behind
  Salesforce’s product and engineering, and is just as responsible
  as Benioff for building the most powerful tech company in San
  Francisco.




Outboxsystems.com



A computer and math whiz with a flair for
  literature


  In 1977, Apple released the original Apple II, its first major
  product to hit the mainstream personal computer market. 


  That same year, an 8th grader in North Carolina got a first taste
  of computer programming when his grandfather bought him an Apple
  II. His school also had some of the first Apple IIs in the state.
  He became instantly obsessed with computers.


  That kid was Parker Harris.


  The son of a textile salesman, Harris grew up loving computers
  and math. He first started coding in 8th grade and used cassette
  tapes to store programs. He was a big fan of Atari’s Pong video
  game, too.


  But Harris also had an affinity for French and classic
  literature. Reading was one of his favorite pastimes. He was
  fluent in French after spending his high school senior year in
  France. 


  So when the time came to go to college, Harris ditched computer
  science and instead majored in English literature at Middlebury,
  a small liberal arts college in Vermont. 


  “I was able to work the other side of my brain,” Harris tells
  Business Insider. (You can
  read our full interview with him here.)


  But after college, Harris drifted back to what he truly loved:
  computer programming. He started with a job in Montreal, Canada,
  building customized accounting software — in French, for the Mac,
  no less. It was fun, but the market was too narrow. A few years
  later, 25-year old Harris moved to San Francisco with his boss,
  who was branching out.


  Once he got to the Bay Area, a whole new set of opportunities
  opened up. Eventually he ended up launching a Java programming
  company called Left Coast Software with two cofounders, Dave
  Moellenhoff and Frank Dominguez.


  Although a startup, Left Coast Software knew what they were
  doing. One of their consulting clients was Saba Software, an HR
  software maker that went public in 2000. Its CEO Bobby Yazdani
  was so impressed by the three guys that he wanted to acquire
  them. But they wanted to grow something from the ground up and
  declined the offer.


  So when Benioff asked for talented engineers in the fall of 1998,
  Yazdani recommended the three Left Coast guys.





Salesforce's first office
  was a one-bedroom apartment in Telegraph Hill
Salesforce




  They weren't sold on the Salesforce idea right away. 


  “It’s a crackpot idea,” Moellenhoff told Benioff in one of their
  first meetings, according to Benioff's book "Behind the
  Cloud." (Although Harris tells us Moellenoff was just
  playing devil’s advocate with Benioff at the time.) 


  To get them on board, Benioff had to explain his grand vision of
  “ending traditional software business.”


  It wasn’t just about a better product at a fraction of the cost.
  It was about replacing the long installation process, and moving
  everything to the internet. He wanted to fundamentally change the
  business model: no more long term contracts or expensive
  licensing deals, but only a simple $50 monthly subscription fee.


  “Technology is always becoming lower in cost and easier to use.
  It’s a continuum. Let’s ride it,” Benioff told them.


  There was also one final kicker: Harris wanted to work in San
  Francisco. Back then, it wasn’t common for tech companies to be
  in San Francisco, as most engineers worked in Silicon Valley, the
  southern part of the Bay Area where companies like Google, Yahoo,
  and Facebook are located.


  “I have the same problem,” Benioff told Harris. “Salesforce will
  be in the city.” 


  All three developers were sold.


Building the most efficient engineering team in internet
  history


Early Salesforce investor (and CNET cofounder) Halsey Minor
  says its engineering efficiency was one of the things that made
  Salesforce truly special. “Parker created one of the most
  efficient development organizations in the history of the
  internet,” he told us.


  That started at the very inception of the company.


  Some time in March 1999, during their first week at Salesforce,
  Harris called Moellenhoff and Dominguez to the living room of
  their office in Telegraph Hill. Walking to the whiteboard, Harris
  picked up a marker and started writing: “Do it fast, simple, and
  right the first time (and did we mention fast?)”


  “These,” Harris said, tapping the whiteboard with the marker,
  “are going to be our key values.”





Parker Harris in the early
  years of Salesforce
Salesforce




  Harris’s point was more than mere rhetoric.


  Speed was vital because Salesforce was offered entirely over the
  web, a model now commonly called software-as-a-service (SaaS).


  Back then, most business software ran entirely on an employee's
  PC, sometimes pulling data from a company's own servers over a
  fast company-only network. Internet connections weren't as fast
  or as reliable as they are today, and people would often object,
  “I have to get all the way on to the internet to use SaaS
  products.”


  The only way to overcome that objection was to make Salesforce's
  service lightning fast.


  Simplicity was also important because engineers back then almost
  took strange pride in making code needlessly complex. Harris and
  the team knew this was slowing down the development process and
  made scaling difficult. 


  The third point — "doing it right the first time" — may seem a
  little outdated now that everybody knows Facebook's famous
  mantra, "move fast and break things." 


  But doing things this way hinders speed: If you want to grow
  fast, you can't be taking time to fix a lot of mistakes. It also
  reflects the difference between enterprise and consumer services.
  If Facebook goes down, the only company that's really hurt is
  Facebook (and its advertisers). If Salesforce goes down, its
  customers will lose sales and revenue.


  These three values allowed
  Salesforce to keep a historically small engineering team for
  years. When it went public in 2004, Salesforce only had about 25
  developers in total, an astoundingly small number for a company
  that was making almost $100 million a year in
  revenue. 


A "huge, calculated bet"


  Parker’s brilliance was most apparent when he orchestrated the
  company’s transition to a development process called "agile
  development.” 


  It was in 2006, and Salesforce had grown so big that the
  engineering team was no longer able to sit within hearing
  distance of each other. Things had noticeably slowed down,
  product updates were not as frequent, and people were getting
  frustrated. 


  Until then, Salesforce had used a traditional development process
  called “waterfall,” which is linear and based on a predetermined
  schedule and budget. It was supposed to be more predictable, but
  it was getting too inefficient, especially as the team got
  bigger.


  So two Salesforce engineers, Chris Fry and Steve Greene, proposed
  Harris a 
  pilot project to transition to agile development. It’s a more
  iterative approach that relies on small, cross-functional teams
  to work on shorter development cycles.


  Agile also makes it easier to push out quick and regular updates
  — a huge advantage for any SaaS business like Salesforce. With
  traditional software, customers buy and install the software
  once, then expect little improvement until the next major
  release. One of the big
  advantages of the SaaS model Salesforce pioneered is that
  customers can get a steady stream of improvements.


But that only works if the
  company can deliver them.


  Harris liked the agile idea. Only, he wanted to take it a step
  further.


  “Let’s skip the pilot and go for the big bang,” Parker told
  his team. “Our system is broken, and we don’t have time to
  wait — so let’s go ahead and fix it all at once.”


“It was a huge, calculated
  bet,” says Ron Pragides, former Salesforce engineer, who’s now
  the SVP of engineering at Bigcommerce. “If Parker had made the
  wrong call and the engineering team had not reacted right away,
  Salesforce would have been on a different
  trajectory.” 


  At first, there was strong resistance. In fact, one of the
  leading experts in the field even declined an advisory role
  because of its risky nature. 


  But Parker insisted on it and pushed Fry and Greene to move
  ahead. He knew if he didn’t speed up and simplify Salesforce’s
  development process as soon as possible, the company would fall
  into a crisis situation.


  For the following few weeks, the whole engineering team came to a
  halt and went through a rigorous training process. Eventually, in
  just three months, more than 200 engineers spread across 30 teams
  had made the full transition to agile.


  The move has been a massive success. After the shift, Salesforce
  says it takes 60% less time for major releases, while the overall
  productivity has gone up by 38%. 


  Former Salesforce chief marketing officer Tien Tzuo (now the CEO
  of Zuora) says that was a huge moment for Harris as a leader.
  “That was a big growth moment for Parker. It really allowed the
  organization to scale, and it really allowed Parker to scale with
  it.”





Agile
  development has improved efficiency at
  Salesforce
Slideshare/Steve
  Greene




The yin to Benioff's yang


  For all the success that has accompanied Salesforce, Harris is
  still relatively unknown outside of enterprise tech
  circles. 


  Some have compared him to Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak, Steve
  Jobs’ engineering partner, and the late Oracle cofounder Bob
  Miner, who was the architect of its database technology — two
  technical masterminds who were overshadowed by their respective
  larger-than-life cofounders.


  Benioff is a 6-foot-5 300-pound force of nature with an outsized
  personality. He was Oracle founder Larry Ellison’s most trusted
  disciple. By age 25, he was banking $300,000 a year, was named
  Oracle’s youngest VP, and drove a fancy Ferrari Mondial
  Cabriolet. He’s a natural leader, tall and big, fist-pounding,
  and arrogant at times. 


  Harris, on the other hand, is average height with a lanky frame.
  He’s calm, laconic, and a good listener. He barely had any big
  company experience before Salesforce. He still goes to his
  children’s soccer games on the weekends, cheering on the
  sidelines, while other dads don’t even notice he’s filthy rich
  and successful. 


  “You would never know just by chatting with him that Parker’s one
  of the most successful engineers in Silicon Valley,” says John
  Dillon, Salesforce's first CEO, who left the company after a
  falling-out with Benioff.


  But their opposing personalities might be why they work together
  so well. 


Parker Harris is the voice of reason, while CEO Marc
  Benioff is the visionary, according to Chuck Dietrich, CEO of
  MileIQ, who spent 9 years at Salesforce as GM and
  VP. 
“They’re the yin-and-yang. It’s not the
  optimist-pessimist, but more like a futurist and reality,” says
  Dietrich.


  “I do think it’s sort of a match made in heaven,” Brian Millham,
  president of global commercial sales at Salesforce, tells us.
  “Marc always set the vision for where we wanted to go as a
  company. Parker was always the one to say, ‘OK, we could deliver
  that, but let’s not assume that’s coming out next quarter.’”


  “Marc has a big ego,” ex-CEO Dillon argues. “That’s not
  necessarily bad. Marc has a lot to be proud of. But he didn’t
  have a competitor with Parker — so in that regard, the
  partnership worked.”


  Early investor Halsey Minor agrees. “If Parker was as gregarious
  as Marc, it probably wouldn’t have worked. But Parker’s the
  opposite. He’s just very complementary to Marc.”


  For example, Dietrich was once close to signing a major wireless
  carrier to a multimillion dollar deal, which would have been one
  of the largest deals in Salesforce history. Benioff was
  supportive along the way, but it would have taken a lot of custom
  work, and Harris put a filter on it. 


  “No, let’s not do it,” Harris told the team. “It’s too much work.
  It would divert us from our multitenancy model.”


  "Multitenancy" means that a lot of customers share common
  components running in Salesforce's data center. It's common now
  with SaaS companies, but back then it made a lot of big customers
  wary — when they run things in their own data centers, they
  control every part, and know where to look when something goes
  wrong. Multitenancy adds uncertainty.


  But Parker knew that overcommitting to a single deal could dilute
  Salesforce's focus, and result in under-delivering features that
  were promised to every other customer. In Parker’s view, no
  matter how big the deal was, it was more important to keep it
  even-keeled, even if that made many sales managers disappointed
  at dropping their potential deals.


  It turned out to be the right call, as Salesforce's success since
  then shows.





Parker
  Harris dressed as "Doc" from "Back to the Future" during a
  presentation at Dreamforce.
flickr




  But at the same time, Benioff also pushes Harris to realize
  Benioff's vision of the future.


  Harris would be the first to agree with this notion. “Marc’s very
  much the idea guy. It’s hard to keep up with Marc...I have to
  assimilate to a lot of that, so my tendency is to want things to
  be organized, work together, make sense, and sometimes tolerate
  inconsistencies,” he says.


  Take, for example the Fitbit, the activity tracking wearable
  device.


  Around 2008, just after Fitbit demonstrated its first tracking
  product at a tech show in San Francisco, Benioff would often hand
  out free Fitbits during management meetings. He would tout it as
  the future of tech, when "wearable" wasn’t even part of tech
  lingo.


  People had no clue what he was talking about.


  Fast forward to 2014. Benioff and Parker were presenting their
  newest product, a data analysis platform called Wave Analytics,
  as the future of Salesforce. The huge amount of data generated by
  devices like the Fitbit is now a big part of the "big data"
  trend, and Harris thinks it will spur the company's next wave of
  growth.


  That has happened again and again.

"Looking at the trends that we have gone through as a
  company, where we started the company, it’s all about cloud
  computing, and we’re still cloud computing. And then we went
  through this space on social, when Facebook came out, that was
  amazing. And then mobility, we transformed the company, we
  weren’t born as a mobile company, but every company today is, so
  we went through this mobile transformation. And we talk a lot now
  as a company about what’s happening in the world of data science,
  you know, with massive grids of computers, Internet of Things,
  devices, and all of this stuff we talk about," Harris
  says.


  “Marc is showing us a vision, the direction,” Harris continues.
  “And I’m right there with him figuring out how are we going to
  get there. We bounce ideas off of each other to try to make it
  the right path together.”


Nice guys don't finish last


  What makes Harris a great leader, however, may just be the simple
  fact that he’s a truly nice human being.


  In over dozens of interviews with Harris’s friends and
  colleagues, the same words repeatedly came up to describe him:
  humble, understated, nice, unassuming, selfless, caring, likable,
  and down to earth.


  When we asked about the agile transition, for instance, Harris
  deferred all the credit to Fry and Greene. “I’m not going to take
  credit for all of that,” he told us. “What I’ll take credit for
  is finding visionary people in the company, or bringing them in,
  and then empowering them to help me.”





Nancy
  Connery, Salesforce's first HR manager, says Harris is one of the
  nicest people she's ever met.
Connery
  Consulting




  Nancy Connery, Salesforce’s first HR manager, says Harris once
  came in to her office with flowers in hand when things were
  getting chaotic early on. “You have a really hard job and I just
  wanted to thank you,” he told her.


  Suzanne DiBianca, the president of the Salesforce Foundation,
  says, “I remember standing on a stool, painting the ceiling, at
  2AM in the morning before a major Salesforce event. And Parker
  was right there, standing right next to me.”


  Benioff, too, was deeply touched by Harris on many occasions. One
  of those moments occurred on the night before Salesforce’s IPO in
  2004. 


  Salesforce had dinner at Tao, an upscale Asian restaurant in New
  York City that has a 20-foot Buddha statue. Most of the early
  Salesforce executives were there, in the second-floor private
  room, to celebrate one of the biggest moments in company
  history. 


  At one point, Harris walked up to Benioff and handed him a gift:
  a framed American Express envelope. It was the envelope Benioff
  had used to scribble down Salesforce’s first-ever V2MOM — an
  acronym for vision, values, methods, obstacles, and measures —
  that has been the guide to every major company decision at
  Salesforce from Day 1. Benioff brought the technique with him
  from Oracle.


  “I did throw that envelope in the drawer and saved it. It was
  pretty cool to do something before an event like that,” Harris
  says.


  What Benioff and the other three founders wrote in that first
  V2MOM shows how Salesforce has valued the “right people” from the
  very beginning: the first value is “world-class organization” and
  the first method is “hire the team.” It's also achieved other
  goals, including maintaining "Amazon quality" usability and going
  public.


  The last measurement of success on the document? "We are all
  rich."


Salesforce has done quite well
  on that front, too.


  According to a 
  June 2014 financial filing, Parker Harris is still the
  second-largest individual shareholder after Benioff, with about
  2.8 million shares. That means his stock alone is worth about
  $160 million. He also gets regular grants and other compensation.
  In 2014, he earned more than $4 million from the company.


  Benioff, meanwhile, has almost 44 million shares worth about $2.5
  billion.


  So will Harris be remembered alongside Benioff as an equal
  partner in the company's success? That seems to be the least of his
  concerns. 


  “I’m very happy. I’m not looking for that recognition. Marc
  deserves all the recognition,” Harris tells us. 


  “I think the legacy is really the company that we built. That’s
  what makes me happy,” Harris says with a smile. “I’m a very
  simple person, so that’s all I really need.”




SEE ALSO: See how Salesforce has expanded from a small house to the tallest building in San Francisco







            More:

                                                        Salesforce.com
Parker Harris
Marc Benioff
Longform
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























Parker Harris: The little-known nice guy who helped turn Salesforce into San Francisco's most powerful tech company
Parker Harris: The little-known nice guy who helped turn Salesforce into San Francisco's most powerful tech company

Parker Harris was sitting by the windows of...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Enterprise Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 

















































Parkerville Wood Products | Quality domestic and exotic wood in Manchester, Connecticut.







































 








 

FacebookYoutube 


 







Quality, expert craftsmanship for all projects.

Private Residential Library


When planning a trip to our facility, please note that you must have proper footwear to enter the shop and lumber mill area.    Safety regulations require that open toe shoes or sandals are not to be worn on the shop floor.    Thank you for your cooperation.



I am a:

Professional Contractor or Architect.
Amateur Craftsman or Hobbyist.
Consumer looking for help on my project.



I am looking for:

Wood of the Month

Lumber & Plywood Pricing
Finishing Supplies
Tools
Shop Services
Portfolio
 NEWS & EVENTS


Custom Woodworking
Boating and Marine Products / Services
Products and Services
Surplus Tools and Materials



Some of the industries we serve:



Musical Instrument Making



Boat & Marine Fabricating



Home Building & Remodel



Commercial Woodworking



Historical Restorations


Dear friend,
Parkerville Wood products prides itself on providing an exquisite and complete selection of hardwood domestic and exotic lumber. Located conveniently in Manchester, Connecticut, we proudly serve the entire state, as well as Rhode Island and Massachusetts. We also provide wood fabrication and machining services for consumers and contractors alike. As you visit our site, if you have any questions on what we offer, please don’t hesitate to give us a call, and we would be glad to assist!
Wishing you the best,
Dave Harris, Owner


   

Location 

Contact Information Parkerville Wood Products
580 Parker Street
Manchester, CT, 06042
GPS Address
22 Mitchell Rd
Manchester, CT, 06042
Voice: (860) 649-9663
Fax: (860) 432-1211

Store Hours REGULAR STORE HOURS
Monday – Friday:
8:00AM to 4:30PM
Saturdays:
8:00AM to 12:00PM 

Associations 



















Scroll to top
Theme Power By Japan Tea Cups & Amber Pendant Necklaces





Distinctive Dog Accessories & Luxury Pet Products | Harry Barker





















































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








SHIP FREE OVER $200!

1-800-HI-HARRY
 Sign In / Register

My Shopping Bag (0)






Harry Barker











GO









 









Downtown Magazine
We are proud to be featured in Downtown Magazine's "Canine Essentials".
Learn More

Google Economic Impact
@google's #GrowWithGoogle Small Biz Stories, Vol. 6.
Learn More
 


Dog Milk
Our Enamelware Bowls are featured on the Dog Milk blog.
 Shop Now 



 























Welcome Barkers!
Enjoy 10% off your next purchasewhen you join our mailing list.







 



View Harry Barker's Privacy Policy











We'd love to keep in touch!
Sign up below to join Harry's email list. You'll be the first to hear about sales, promotions, and the new products from Harry Barker.



Email



Dog's Name



Dog's Birthday



Sign up Today























 






Interview: Salesforce cofounder Parker Harris - Business Insider





































 





 




































































































Enterprise























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








A rare interview with Salesforce cofounder Parker Harris










Eugene Kim












Feb. 16, 2015,  8:00 AM



6,043




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 











Salesforce employees wore Hawaiian shirts to work every
  Friday
flickr/Salesforce




  The face of Salesforce, the $35 billion cloud software company,
  is its larger-than-life CEO Marc Benioff.


  What many often fail to recognize is that he didn’t launch
  Salesforce by himself. There were three other cofounders: Parker
  Harris, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez.


  While Moellenhoff and Dominguez are no longer at the company,
  Harris still remains very involved with all product and
  engineering decisions. Harris is the quiet #2 man behind Benioff.


  (You can 
  read more about Harris’s importance to Salesforce here.)


  But that doesn’t mean he’s shy or introverted by any means. He
  has proven to be an eloquent public speaker and has shown a sense
  of humor that plays well off of Benioff’s more flamboyant style.


  We found Harris to be funny, genial, and down to earth. But he
  was also very sharp and competitive in nature, at one point
  saying, “I want to keep beating a lot of people, frankly.”


  Still, it was clear Harris didn’t have the greed and ego that has
  come to define many Silicon Valley tech entrepreneurs. He’s fine
  with Benioff taking most of the recognition. He just wants to be
  remembered for the company and products he’s helped build.


  Here’s a lightly edited transcript of our conversation:


Business Insider:
Tell us more about
  your first meeting with Marc Benioff. 

Parker Harris: It was 1998, so I was 33, I
  wasn’t that old. I was much younger than I am now. I had a small
  company that myself and actually two other cofounders of
  Salesforce were running. We were doing consulting at Saba
  Software, which was down in Burlingame right near Kinkaid’s, and
  the CEO Bobby Yazdani agreed to introduce me to Marc, really as a
  favor because he wanted to hire us and get our help building
  Saba, but we told him we really wanted to do something on our
  own.


  And so he introduced me, we had lunch, I remember Bobby and Marc
  drinking tea, it was kind of my one memory, sitting around the
  table, and we were just talking about this idea. There was some
  talk, Marc was also an investor in Saba, so there was some talk
  of Saba’s business, and that kind of reminds me even to today of
  Marc’s ability to be involved with so many things, he’s quite the
  maven in ideas and just being aware of what’s out there. So on
  one hand, he was talking about Saba’s business and on the other
  we were talking about this idea of Salesforce. And after the
  meeting, Marc and I took a walk to the parking lot, and he said,
  “Is this something you’d be interested in doing?”


  And it was...I didn’t really know who Marc was, but I just had
  this feeling that great things could happen whether it was that
  first idea or the next one, that was kind of, from that point on
  that was the feeling I got in being with him.



BI:
What did he tell first you? Did he kind of just give you
  a 2 page business plan?


PH: At first, obviously he did not hand the
  business plan to me at the lunch, but he said, “Look, I want to
  start this company, a software service,” and we’ve been doing
  some early software service work, some for Saba and some for
  other startups, and it was around sales force automation, which
  we knew very well from our previous employment at Metropolis
  Software. And so, that combination and the ability to go and
  start something and get some funding to start something in the
  space that we had experience in was just super exciting. And then
  reading the business plan, it was short, it was like 3 pages, but
  it was very cogent, and made total sense.


  You have to remember we were 3 guys in an apartment with a small
  consulting company paying our salaries, so in terms of risk, we
  had already taken the risk and we were way out there, and so,
  starting a company with Marc was not a massive risk, it was just
  an exciting opportunity.


BI:
So in Benioff's book, you told him:
  “We’re some of the best people you’ll find in the Valley.” Where
  did that confidence come from? How did Marc respond?

PH: I don’t know where it came from. It was just
  something I believed in. It was just something that I believed
  deep down, that I knew I had the talent. Dave Moellenoff, who
  became the original CTO of the company and my other cofounder,
  he's one of the most brilliant people I’ve ever met, and I would
  atttribute to him a lot of the core architecture of the service.


And I think my ability to
  translate — that English literature degree ironically helped. I
  have been programming in 8th grade, but I was able to also work
  the other side of my brain, and that helps me translate, when I’m
  talking to Marc, who’s also technical by the way, and then when
  I’m talking to someone deeply technical, like a programmer. It’s
  not just about being an engineer.






Parker
  Harris is not shy or introverted. He's a great public speaker and
  has a good sense of humor.
Bloomberg





  BI: But did you guys kind of not take it too seriously at
  first? In the book, it says Moellenhoff told Marc, “It’s a
  crackpot idea.” Was it more about getting access to Marc’s Valley
  connections, hoping it would lead you to new
  opportunities?

PH: No, that was just kind of in the back of my
  mind, like an insurance policy, you know? I just knew...nothing
  terrible could happen, that was really where that came from. But
  we took it very, very seriously, and the pace we went at, once we
  grabbed on the idea, was fast. We had to wind down some of our
  consulting contracts, we didn’t want to drop the customers right
  away, and that’s part of the philosophy that we carry to
  Salesforce, it’s really taking care of our customers. But even
  before we officially started, we were starting some of the
  coding.


  And then once the official date started in April, we were
  cranking this thing out, because we just had it inside us. We
  knew sales force automation, we’ve been doing cloud computing
  pretty early, and it was just super exciting because we saw the
  possibilities of what we could do in using cloud computing to
  provide enterprise software, which we knew we could just provide
  a better solution. We were thinking about scaling to the world.
  We were thinking of these big world ideas of building a service
  and we took it very, very seriously. We were coming into it,
  saying, “This is great.” We were having fun, we were young, it
  was awesome.


BI:
Can you tell us more about that
  first lunch with Marc?

PH: Marc really used that opportunity to have
  more of a private conversation with me. The lunch was more
  social, it was more kind of getting to know each other, and it
  was conversations with Bobby and what was going on at Saba. And
  it was at the parking lot that Marc really pitched me and said,
  “Is this something you want to do?” And it was definitely
  something I wanted to do, and that was kind of how we felt. So
  the next stop was getting Dave Moellenhoff on board. He had an
  opportunity with a small company, and he was doing some
  consulting for another company, in a very different space, and it
  was a debt arbitrage company that was later sold to Moody’s,
  financial services, so a lot of cash no stock, so it was just a
  different kind of world.


  And part of it was Dave just being a little conservative. Dave
  was kind of playing devil’s advocate with Marc, just more as an
  interview process for Marc. I was sold on day on. I just thought
  this is going to be great. Marc’s awesome, the idea’s solid, we
  knew sales force automation, we knew we could do it better than
  most people, given the experience we had, and then I knew I
  needed Dave as well.


  For me, it’s not about the ideas, it’s about the people, and
  that’s why with Marc it was so important. I was like, “Wow, this
  is amazing,” but I needed Dave Moellenhoff as that other piece.
  He really sealed it for me because I really needed his expertise
  as well.


BI:
Looking back, why do you think Marc
  was so insistent on you guys? You’re an English major with no big
  company experience - what made you such a great partner for
  him?

PH: You have to know Marc to understand that.
  Marc’s a very intuitive person. He definitely will read the data,
  so he would read a resume, he would really try to understand the
  person on paper, and their experience. So he could look at my
  experience and get that. But I’ve seen him time after time when
  he’s interviewing people, you never know which way the
  conversation is going to go, and it very much needs to be
  in-person, face-to-face, looking at people in the eye, and he
  strives a lot on that intuition to build the company. And I think
  he and I just really clicked day one. And you know, it’s just a
  matter of trust.


  And he knew a lot of smart people, you have to understand that.
  But he also knew a lot of smart people that he really wasn’t
  comfortable taking. There were companies that he was invested in,
  there were companies like Oracle where later, as you know in the
  story, he did get permission to bring over a few people, but he
  couldn’t just peel off part of Oracle and start this. And so, he
  was looking for the team, and I think he also valued that we were
  already a team. It’s hard to build a synergy of multiple people
  and we were already a team ready to go.


  But you know, he did his diligence. Later, he invited us down to
  meet some of his top tech people, and we had lunch near Oracle.
  It was a Thai restaurant, I can’t remember what it was called, it
  was on the west of 101, so the other side of Redwood Shores. Jim
  Cavalieri, who’s still here, was at the lunch and some of the top
  architects of Oracle were there, and Marc was having them
  basically interview us. But he didn’t tell us about it. He was
  just like, “Hey, come have lunch.” And again, it’s an informal
  setting, food, talking, but that’s kind of how ideas and
  decisions get made here at Salesforce.


BI:
You had a historically small
  engineering team. How did you manage to do it? Was it always
  about “Simple, fast, and right the first time”?

PH: I’ll attribute part of that to Marc. We were
  in the apartment, I don’t know, it was one of the first few
  weeks, and we said, “Oh, we need to get another developer in
  here.” And we interviewed a developer, and we thought, “OK, this
  seems like a good person to add,” and Marc said, “Hey, have you
  done a coding test? Have you really interviewed this person?”


  And we’re like, “Coding test? Huh, no, we didn’t do a coding
  test. That’s probably a good idea."


  Why don’t we actually have him write some code, on the
  whiteboard, I think it was on the whiteboard at the time. So the
  person came back in and did the coding test, and we decided not
  to hire that person because, in fact, it would not have been the
  right person. And that was one of the things that was key to the
  culture, on day 1: we do need to hire people but we can only hire
  the best. And we’ll take our time if we can’t find the best. So
  that was part of it.


  And then, yeah, “fast, simple and right the first time,” it was
  something that was ingrained in, you know, we wrote it on the
  board. And we said, “[these are] going to be our key values.”
  Part of it was we had to build something, an internet service
  that was fast to use. You have to remember, software-as-a-service
  was not something that was accepted. So people would say, “Oh, I
  need to run the software myself, because it’s not going to be
  fast if it’s running on the internet. I have to get all the way
  over to the internet to get it.” So it was all about speed.


  And then, “simple, and right the first time” was about, you know,
  this was a service — it’s not something that I can ever throw out
  and start over again. It’s going to be this living thing that’s
  always going to have care and feeding. So it’s going to have to
  be simple and easy to understand.


  And also the “right the first time” was about, “We’re not going
  to solve a problem if we don’t know how to solve it in the right
  way.” And some developers and the architects will say, “Oh I’m
  going to half around this for now, and I’ll fix it later.” But
  the problem is you never go back and really fix it later. And it
  really wasn’t a concept that we put, like, “Oh, we don’t want
  more than X developers.” We just were very very careful on how we
  grew and very careful about the code and architecture we wrote,
  and I think that’s why ultimately the service we built was
  efficient.


BI:
So you grew up in North Carolina?
  How was your early childhood?

PH: I grew up in North Carolina. My father was a
  salesperson, he sold textiles. North Carolina was known for its
  textiles long ago, less so now with all the business going to
  China. I grew up loving computers and math actually. I also loved
  English literature and French, but I became obsessed with
  computers when the Apple II was coming out.


  I remember my school had some of the first Apple IIs in North
  Carolina. I remember when I first started using them we were
  using a cassette tape to store programs because we didn’t have
  floppy disk drives. And so you just recorded on the cassette tape
  to record, and it sounded like a model, the sound of the data
  being stored. And my grandfather who started a textile company in
  North Carolina gave me some money to buy an Apple II. And I
  bought one and started programming. So that was kind of the early
  days. And I think I was influenced by video games, simple ones
  like Pong, and I was fascinated by what makes that work and how
  do you draw something on the screen, and if you drew something,
  how does it know that it’s a ball, how do you teach it to do
  things?


BI:
And then you went to Middlebury for
  college. How did you end up in San Francisco?

PH: I took a detour to France in my senior year
  in high school. So that’s part of what ended up sending me
  actually to Middlebury because I went to school with people who
  were more from the Northeast. And then from Middlebury, I went up
  to Montreal with my girlfriend, who’s now my wife, and then I
  started...I was in Montreal and I didn’t have a visa, and so I
  couldn’t really work at first. And my mother-in-law let me do
  some work in her house. And then I got actually a visa through
  the Free Trade Agreement, and started working at a company called
  Honey Beats Software in Montreal. And we did customized
  accounting software on the Mac in French, so it was arguably a
  small market. And I was doing the development, tech support,
  consulting, it was a ten person company, and we were working for
  various small companies in Montreal.


  I did that for a number of years, and that’s where, and again,
  someone took a chance on me and I built a lot of software with
  them. And then the founder of that actually moved out to
  California, and gave me an opportunity. I was 25, and we said,
  “Oh, why don’t we go to California, we love San Francisco, let’s
  move out, it’ll be really fun.” And also of course, it was, for
  work, a great place to be. And so that’s really how we ended up
  out here.






Parker
  Harris with Marc Benioff on stage at Dreamforce
  2014
Youtube





  BI: How would you describe your relationship with Benioff? What
  is it that make you guys such a good team for so many years?

PH: Well, first of all we’re very good friends,
  so that’s the basis of any good partnership. And I would say Marc
  is very much the idea guy. And I’d like to say I am as well, but
  it’s hard to keep up with Marc. And you read about him all the
  time, and he is out there, and he’s looking at the next idea. And
  he was like that when we met him, when he was at Oracle, I think
  that’s probably what Larry Ellison found so amazing about him, as
  well, that he’s just an idea maven. He’s looking at new
  companies, new ideas, he’s talking to leaders at all levels.


  He’s not looking to talk to the most important people; he’s
  talking to the most interesting people. If you come to our
  Dreamforce event you see that. You see everyone from world
  leaders to Will.I.Am to Hilary Clinton, it’s all over the place.
  And that’s just an example of Marc’s insatiable appetite for
  these new ideas, and new trends and where we’re going. And that
  also translates to technology, technologies that we need to
  build, and companies that we look to purchase, when we acquire
  companies.


  We also look at companies to influence us, and you know, we go,
  “Wow, look at what they’re doing. Isn’t that amazing?” And I have
  to assimilate a lot of that. And so, I kind of think that the
  balance is, Marc is kind of out there, he’s the idea guy, and my
  tendency is to want things to be organized, work together, make
  sense, and sometimes tolerate inconsistencies. But that’s where I
  try to make the software that we build to really work well
  together. We really focus on customers, that’s what helps align
  both of us. If we debate on what we need to do, we just go out
  and ask customers what they want.


BI:
Does Marc wake you up, in a sense,
  to realize how far you can go?

PH: I don’t know if I’d phrase it that way. I
  think Marc, for example, there’s articles out right now about
  data science. And we’re talking a lot right now about what’s
  happening in data science. And we’re looking at the trends that
  we have gone through as a company, where we started the company,
  it’s all about cloud computing, and we’re still cloud computing.
  And then we went through this space on social, when Facebook came
  out, that was amazing. And then mobility, we transformed the
  company, we weren’t born as a mobile company, but every company
  today is, so we went through this mobile transformation. And we
  talk a lot now as a company about what’s happening in the world
  of data science, you know, with massive grids of computers,
  Internet of Things, devices, and all of this stuff we talk about.
  And then we market it, so you look at how we talk as a company,
  and then we market these things out to the
  world. And then we listen,
  and we take all of that back in.


And so Marc is showing us a
  vision, the direction, and I’m right there with him figuring out
  how are we going to get there. And he and I bounce ideas off of
  each other to try to make it the right path together.


BI:
Marc’s this larger-than-life, former
  Oracle star executive, but does it ever cross your mind that you
  should be more out in public? To get more credit for what you've
  built?

PH: You know what, I actually think it’s
  fabulous and I’m very happy. What drives me, I’m not looking for
  that recognition, and I think Marc deserves all the recognition
  that he gets. That’s part, back to Marc being out there and
  really...he was just in Davos, and he gets a ton of his energy
  from that kind of interaction, being out there and talking to
  people, and as a result, of course, turns into PR and articles
  about Marc and his personality.


  What drives me is the innovation and building things, and so you
  can kind of see me in the products we put out there and the
  services we put out there, and that’s what I’m behind and that’s
  what makes me happy. I’m a very simple person, so that’s all I
  really need.


BI:
What do you want your legacy to
  be?

PH: I think the legacy is really the company
  that we built. We transformed an industry, and I think that’s
  fabulous. I think there’s lots of small companies that are out
  there that are looking at us and seeing what they can do from our
  influence. And I want to
  keep beating a lot of people frankly, so there’s a competitive
  edge.


And then there’s just the
  industry in terms of what we’ve done with our foundation. We’ve
  built a company that also gives back. It’s part of our culture,
  but we‘ve influenced a lot of other companies.


And so the thing about legacy,
  you know, doing a lot of good for the industry but also for the
  world at large, I think that couldn’t be a better legacy.


BI:
Opening up the API and building a
  platform — whose idea was it and was it a scary idea at the
  time?

PH: I think in the book it talked about the
  evolution of the platform, and there was an early customer called
  Patient Care that wanted to rename our tabs. They were a hospital
  and didn’t like “contacts” and “accounts,” you know, they wanted
  “hospitals” and “patients.” And Dave and I said, “Just tell your
  users that ‘accounts’ are ‘hospitals,’ I guess it’s very easy.”
  (laughs) But Marc of course was like, “No, of course! We’ll
  transform and we’ll rename the tabs.” And so, I think Marc pushed
  us on a few of those fronts on the platform, but then the
  platform also just evolved from our customers. Our customers
  needed to integrate with us. We started as sales force
  automation, not full CRM, and so we were going in and we needed
  to enter ourselves in companies that already had a customer
  support system. But now, naturally you’re going to have to
  integrate that with their API layer. So that opened up the
  service.


  Was it scary? Yeah, it was scary. We didn’t know how many
  transactions were going to hit us, and could we scale? It was a
  constant...it’s always scary being a service. And you can ask any
  service provider out there predicting capacity, predicting
  demand, making sure you’re keeping up with it, it’s a really hard
  job. And that’s kind of the depth behind a company like
  Salesforce: how do we deliver that kind of scale, with security
  and reliability, and redundancy, it’s a really, really hard job.
  And so, yeah, it is scary, but you know, you just keep growing,
  and you keep growing with each new customer and each new deal and
  each new industry makes us stronger.


BI:
It seems like you really try to
  create a better work environment for your engineers. There’s
  something called “paid time-on,” sort of like Google’s 20% time,
  and then there’s an internal jobs fair? How important is it to
  you?

PH: It’s very important. We had a very
  “waterfall” process years and years ago, and we brought in
  “agile,” so that was an important transformation. And you may
  have read an article about one of our engineering leaders, Chris
  Fry. He did an awesome job in helping me drive that.


  And I’m not going to take credit for all of that, but I think
  what i’ll take credit for is finding visionary people in the
  company, or bringing them in, and then empowering them to help
  me. And so, I really saw Chris and Steve Greene as two people who
  could really help us, and I got behind them, and I empowered them
  and I pushed them hard to go fast. They wanted to go slowly and
  not break things, and I told them, “No, you need to go fast
  because we have a crisis in terms of needing agile.”


  And then, we wanted to make sure that with our culture, we saw
  some people from time to time saying, “I have a better job
  outside of the company and I want to go do this new thing.” And
  we just said to ourselves, “Why do people have to leave the
  company to go do something else that they want to do. Why can’t
  we give them that opportunity?”


  And it’s not natural for a manager to tell their engineer, “If
  you want to go work for someone else, I’m happy to help you,”
  because that manager’s trying to build something and they don’t
  want to lose their best people. And so we did create this
  internal job fair called Opportunity Open Market, where people
  can move around, and again, it was just something that grew from
  inside the organization that I embraced and I think that’s...I
  don’t think great ideas come from one individual. I think one
  individual could potentially take credit for them, but I think
  it’s about giving the right culture and the right people, and
  finding those gems of ideas and helping them flourish.


BI:
So this thing called V2MOM is a
  really important at Salesforce. You framed the original V2MOM and
  gave it to Marc?

PH: Yeah, so Marc brought the V2MOM process to
  Salesforce. It was something that he had been doing at Oracle.
  It’s an amazing planning process, and he walked us through that
  very, very early on.


  And we were in his apartment next to our first office at Coit
  Tower when he grabbed an American Express envelope from his mail,
  turned it over, to get to the blank side of it, and started
  writing on it. And talking with us, and we iterated, and sketched
  out a very simple first V2MOM. And yeah, I did throw that
  envelope in the drawer and saved it.


  And then on the night of the IPO in New York City, at Tao, the
  restaurant, we had a private room up at the top of that
  restaurant, with the big Buddha, a cool restaurant. And on the
  night of the IPO, I had it framed and wrote a note to him on the
  back and handed it to him. I’m sure it’s somewhere in his home,
  but I haven’t seen it since then. I don’t think he cried, but I
  know he was deeply touched. And something like that, it’s pretty
  cool to be able to do before an event like that.


BI:
So far Salesforce has been very
  successful, $4 billion in sales. But how do you get to the size
  of $50 billion revenue company?

PH: We get there by listening to our customers.
  I think if you look at what we’ve been doing, we started out with
  sales force automation, we built a great business on that. We’ve
  built a multi billion dollar pipeline with our service cloud,
  marketing automation is also a massive opportunity. But not just
  CRM. If you look at Analytics that we just launched, a product we
  launched at Dreamforce last year, that’s another multi billion
  dollar opportunity in the future. And then a lot of what we’re
  doing around industry verticalization is another focus that we
  have, taking all of CRM and looking at, whether it’s
  telecommunications, financial services, healthcare, doing a lot
  more in those areas. And so, we have plans, we’re going to keep
  growing, we see growth going forward, and again, we’ll just keep
  iterating.


  Marc is the first person to tell you that we have a phrase,
  “Tactics dictate strategy.” We don’t create the 10-year plan and
  just go road by road. We use our V2MOM process, do it quarterly,
  and we adjust, and I think that’s what makes us a great company.
  We’re willing to make the shifts when we need them. Look at when
  we came out with Chatter, when we reacted to social. And when we
  came out with Salesforce1 and really followed that mobility
  trend. Those were the big shifts.


  When we bought ExactTarget, that was a big acquisition for us,
  biggest that we’ve ever done. And that was a big bold play in
  marketing automation. And even the Edgespring acquisition,which
  was small, but turned into our Analytics Cloud has turned out to
  be another big bet. So we’ll just keep doing that.


  And again, back to Marc, when I was talking about being an idea
  maven and just being out there, trust me, every day we’re talking
  about new ideas. We don’t do them all, but there’s a lot of talk
  and we do use that V2MOM process to get that iterative, quarterly
  cadence to react accordingly.






            More:

                                                        Parker Harris
Salesforce.com
Marc Benioff
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























A rare interview with Salesforce cofounder Parker Harris
A rare interview with Salesforce cofounder Parker Harris

The face of Salesforce, the $35 billion cloud...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Enterprise Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 













































Parker Harris, Co-founder of Salesforce | MiddCORE







































 







 






          MiddCORE        
 







Parker Harris,
 Co-founder of Salesforce



Parker oversees product strategy for Salesforce, from design to development to service delivery. In the spring of 1999, he founded Salesforce along with Marc Benioff, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez. Salesforce is the market leader among cloud-based Customer Relationship Management products. Prior to founding Salesforce, Parker developed cloud computing expertise at Left Coast Software, a company he co-founded in 1996, and sales force automation expertise at Metropolis Software, an early pioneer in field sales force automation subsequently acquired by Clarify. Parker developed a love of math, science and computer programming at an early age, but also developed the other side of his brain with a fluency in French and a degree in English Literature from Middlebury College.
  


 










Create a SiteSearch Sites
Log in










salesforce.com - Wikipedia






















 






salesforce.com

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (June 2017)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



salesforce.com, inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CRM
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Software


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)


Founder
Marc Benioff
Parker Harris


Headquarters
The Landmark
San Francisco, California, U.S.



Key people

Marc Benioff
(Chairman & CEO)
Parker Harris
(Exec. VP of Technology)


Products
Sales Cloud
Service Cloud
Platform
Marketing Cloud


Services
Cloud computing
Social enterprise solutions


Revenue
 US$8.39 billion (2017)[1]



Operating income

 US$61.74 million (2017)[1]



Net income

 US$179.63 million (2017)[1]


Total assets
 US$17.58 billion (2017)[1]


Total equity
 US$7.50 billion (2017)[1]


Owner
Marc Benioff (5.3%)[2]



Number of employees

25,178 (2017)[1]


Subsidiaries
Quip
Demandware
Heroku


Website
salesforce.com


salesforce.com, inc. (styled in its logo as salesƒorce; abbreviated usually as SF or SFDC) is an American cloud computing company headquartered in San Francisco, California. Though its revenue comes from a customer relationship management (CRM) product, Salesforce also capitalizes on commercial applications of social networking through acquisition. As of early 2016, it is one of the most highly valued American cloud computing companies with a market capitalization above $61 billion.[3]
Its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the symbol CRM and is a constituent of the S&P 500 Index.



Contents


1 History
2 Services

2.1 Salesforce
2.2 Force.com
2.3 Work.com
2.4 Data.com
2.5 Desk.com
2.6 Do.com
2.7 AppExchange
2.8 Configuration
2.9 Web services


3 Technologies

3.1 Apex
3.2 Visualforce
3.3 Lightning


4 Operations

4.1 Venture capital fund
4.2 IT infrastructure


5 Criticisms
6 Acquisitions
7 Financials
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1999 by former Oracle executive Marc Benioff, Parker Harris, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez as a company specializing in software as a service (SaaS).[4] Harris, Moellenhoff and Dominguez, three software developers previously at consulting firm Left Coast Software, were introduced to Benioff through friend and former Oracle colleague Bobby Yazdani.[5] Harris and team wrote the initial sales automation software, which launched to its first customers in the fall of 1999.[6]
In June 2004 the company's initial public offering was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol CRM and raised US$110 million.[7] Early investors include Magdalena Yesil, Larry Ellison, Halsey Minor, Stewart Henderson, Mark Iscaro, and Igor Sill of Geneva Venture Partners, as well as Nancy Pelosi.
In October 2014, Salesforce announced the development of its Customer Success Platform to tie together Salesforce's services, including sales, service, marketing, analytics, community, and mobile apps.[8]
Services[edit]
Salesforce.com's customer relationship management (CRM) service is broken down into several broad categories: Commerce Cloud, Sales Cloud,[9] Service Cloud,[10] Data Cloud[11] (including Jigsaw), Marketing Cloud, Community Cloud[12] (including Chatter), Analytics Cloud,[13] App Cloud, and IoT with over 100,000 customers.[14]
Salesforce[edit]
Salesforce is the primary enterprise offering within the Salesforce1 Platform. It provides companies with an interface for case management and task management, and a system for automatically routing and escalating important events. The Salesforce customer portal provides customers the ability to track their own cases, includes a social networking plug-in that enables the user to join the conversation about their company on social networking websites, provides analytical tools and other services including email alert, Google search, and access to customers' entitlement and contracts.[15]
Force.com[edit]
Force.com is a platform as a service (PaaS) that allows developers to create multitenant (single instance of software runs on a server and serves multiple tenants) add-on applications that integrate into the main Salesforce.com application.[16] Force.com applications are hosted on Salesforce.com's infrastructure.[17]
Force.com applications are built using Apex (a proprietary Java-like programming language for Force.com) and Visualforce (an XML[18] syntax typically used to generate HTML). The Force.com platform receives three complete releases a year. As the platform is provided as a service to its developers, every single development instance also receives all these updates.
In the Spring 2015 release a new framework for building user interfaces - Lightning Components - was introduced in beta.[19] Lightning components are built using the open-source Aura Framework[20] but with support for Apex as the server-side language instead of Aura's Javascript dependency. This has been described as an alternative to, not necessarily a replacement for, Visualforce pages.[21]
According to a September 2009 Gartner Group report,[22] Force.com had over 1,000 customer accounts. As of 2013, the Force.com platform has 1.4 million registered developers.[23]
Work.com[edit]
Work.com, previously Rypple, is a social performance management platform that helps managers and employees improve work performance through continuous coaching, real-time feedback, and recognition.[24] It is marketed as a solution for sales performance, customer service, marketing, and as a service that can be employed by human resource departments.
Work.com, then known as "Rypple", was founded by Daniel Debow and David Stein, who wanted to create a simple way of asking for feedback anonymously at work.[25] The company was formed in May 2008 and their client list included Mozilla, Facebook, LinkedIn and the Gilt Groupe. Rypple "'reverses the onus on the demand for more feedback' by getting employees to build and manage their own coaching networks".[26]
In September 2011, Rypple announced that they had hired Bohdan Zabawskyj as its Chief Technology Officer.[27]
In 2011, Rypple developed a more formalized management methodology called OKR ("Objectives and Key Results") for Spotify.[28] Rypple also partnered with Facebook to create "Loops", short for "feedback loops", which gathers feedback from co-workers, "thank you's", progress against goals, and coaching from supervisors into one channel for a "rich, robust, continuous performance review".[29]
In December 2011, Salesforce.com announced that they would acquire Rypple. The transaction was completed in 2012 and Rypple was rebranded as Work.com in September 2012.[30]
Data.com[edit]
Data.com, previously known as Jigsaw, is a cloud-based automated system for acquiring and managing CRM records within a user's Salesforce.com account.[31]
Data.com is also an online business directory of companies and business professionals that is built, maintained and accessed by a worldwide community of over a million subscribers.[32] A large database allows members to exchange and share the business information of more than 29 million contacts from over 4 million companies. This information consists of what is commonly found on a business card.
Data.com utilizes a user-generated database that's continually updated by its members. Data.com's contacts act as a virtual business card, offering name, title, postal and email addresses and direct-dial phone numbers for individual contacts.
Desk.com[edit]
Desk.com is a saas help desk and customer support product accessible through the cloud. Desk.com is owned by Salesforce.com and was previously known as Assistly. Desk.com is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
After being acquired by Salesforce.com for $50 million in 2011 [33] Assistly was re-branded as Desk.com in 2012 [34] as a "slick social customer support software". [35]
Desk.com is a Saas customer service application. The product differentiates itself from Salesforce's other service platform in that Desk.com specifically targets small businesses with its features and functions. [36] Desk.com integrates with a variety of products and third-party applications including Salesforce CRM, Salesforce IQ,[37] Atlassian JIRA, Mailchimp [38] and other apps. Desk.com also supports up to 50 languages. [39]
Do.com[edit]
Do.com was a cloud-based task management system for small groups and businesses, introduced in 2011 and discontinued in 2014.[40][41][42] Salesforce did not offer any reason for shutting down the service, however it provided an Export tool to save data entered within the Do.com interface. The Do.com domain was sold to a startup in 2014.[43]
AppExchange[edit]
Launched in 2005, the Salesforce AppExchange is an online application marketplace for third-party applications that run on the Force.com platform. Applications are available for free, as well as yearly or monthly subscription models. Applications available range from integrations with Sharepoint to mobile approval management.[44] As of February 2015, it features 2,658 applications which have driven a total of over 2.8 million installs.[45] The "AppExchange" is also a place customers can search for cloud consulting partners to help them implement the technology in their own organisation. Cloud consulting partners for Salesforce include large companies like IBM's "Bluewolf" and Accenture as well as smaller ones like Cloudreach.[46]
Configuration[edit]
Salesforce users can configure their CRM application. In the system, there are tabs such as "Contacts", "Reports", and "Accounts". Each tab contains associated information. Configuration can be done on each tab by adding user-defined custom fields.[47]
Configuration can also be done at the "platform" level by adding configured applications to a Salesforce instance, that is adding sets of customized / novel tabs for specific vertical- or function-level (Finance, Human Resources, etc.) features.
Web services[edit]
In addition to the web interface, Salesforce.com offers a SOAP/REST Web service API that enables integration with other systems.
Technologies[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Apex[edit]
Apex is a proprietary programming language provided by the Force.com platform to developers similar to Java and C#. It is a strongly typed, object-oriented, case-insensitive programming language, following a dot-notation and curly-brackets syntax. Apex can be used to execute programmed functions during most processes on the Force.com platform including custom buttons and links, event handlers on record insertion, update, or deletion, via scheduling, or via the custom controllers of Visualforce pages.
Due to the multitenant nature of the platform, the language has strictly imposed governor limitations[48] to guard against any code monopolizing shared resources. Salesforce provides a series of asynchronous processing methods for Apex to allow developers to produce longer running and more complex Apex code.[49]
Visualforce[edit]
Visualforce is the view control technology on the Force.com
Lightning[edit]
In 2014, Salesforce made public the frontend of its platform, called Lightning.[50] This component based framework is what the Salesforce1 mobile app is built on and customers are now able to build on it as well. Salesforce built on this framework in 2015 by releasing the Lightning Design System,[51] an HTML style framework with default CSS styling built in. This framework allows customers to build their own components to either use in their internal instances or sell on the AppExchange.
One of the new tools released is known as the Salesforce Lightning App Builder for rapid application development of responsive web interfaces. This interface allows for different screens to be put together based on Lightning components. This can be used as layouts for records or specific applications.
Operations[edit]




A discussion panel at Salesforce's Customer Company Tour event that focused on customer relationship management


Salesforce.com is headquartered in San Francisco, with regional headquarters in Morges, Switzerland (covering Europe, Middle East, and Africa, Singapore), India (covering Asia Pacific minus Japan), and Tokyo (covering Japan). Other major offices are in Toronto, Chicago, New York City, London, Sydney, Dublin, Hyderabad, San Mateo, California and Hillsboro, Oregon.[52] Salesforce.com has its services translated into 16[53] different languages and as of July 31, 2011, had 104,000[54] customers and over 2.1 million subscribers.[55] Salesforce will be moving its Midwest Regional headquarters to Indianapolis in 2017.
Standard & Poor's included Salesforce.com, at the same time as Fastenal, into the S&P 500 index in September 2008, following the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and their removal from the index.[56]
Venture capital fund[edit]
The company announced in September 2014 that it had set up a venture capital arm to fund start-ups creating apps primarily for mobile phones.[57]
IT infrastructure[edit]
Salesforce.com migrated to Dell servers with AMD processors running Linux from Sun Fire E25K servers with SPARC processors running Solaris in 2008.[58] The company uses the Momentum platform from Message Systems to allow its customers to send large amounts of email.[59]
In 2012, Salesforce.com announced plans to build a data center in the UK to handle European citizens' personal data.[60]
In 2013, Salesforce.com and Oracle announced a nine-year partnership in which Salesforce.com will use Oracle Linux, Oracle Exadata, Oracle Database, and the Java platform to power salesforce.com's applications and SaaS platform.[61]
Criticisms[edit]





This article's Criticism or Controversy section may compromise the article's neutral point of view of the subject. Please integrate the section's contents into the article as a whole, or rewrite the material. (June 2017)


In November 2007, a successful phishing attack on a salesforce.com employee compromised contact information on a number of salesforce.com customers, which was then used to send highly targeted phishing emails.[62][63][64] The phishing breach was cited as an example of why the CRM industry needs greater security for users against such threats as spam.[65]
While the crowd-sourced method of building business contacts[66] has proven popular with recruiters, marketers and sales professionals, it has also raised questions of privacy as most of the site's database is entered without permission from the person being listed. Data.com does, however, make it easy to remove business information on request as noted in December 2009 by TechCrunch.[67] However, recipients of these messages regard it as spam and at least one complaint about receiving more spam after attempting to remove one's address have been noted.[68]
Acquisitions[edit]
The following is a list of acquisitions by salesforce.com:


Sendia (April 2006) – now Salesforce Classic
Kieden (August 2006) – now Salesforce for Google AdWords
Kenlet (January 2007) – original product CrispyNews used at Salesforce IdeaExchange and Dell IdeaStorm – now relaunched as Salesforce Ideas
Koral (March 2007) – now Salesforce Content
Instranet (August 2008) for $31.5 million – now re-branded to Salesforce Knowledge
GroupSwim (December 2009) – now part of Salesforce Chatter[69]
Informavores (December 2009)[70] – now re-branded to Visual Workflow
Jigsaw Data Corp. (April 2010),[71] – now known as Data.com
Sitemasher (June 2010) – now known as Site.com
Navajo Security (August 2011)[72]
Activa Live Chat (September 2010) – now known as Salesforce Live Agent[73]
Heroku (December 2010)[74]
Etacts (December 2010)[75]
Dimdim (January 2011)[76]
Manymoon (February 2011) – now known as Do.com[77]
Radian6 (March 2011) for $340M [78]
Assistly (September 21, 2011) – now known as Desk.com[79]
Model Metrics (November 2011)[80]
Rypple (December 2011)[81] – now known as Work.com
Stypi (May 2012)[82]
Buddy Media (May 2012) for US$689 million[83][84]
ChoicePass (June 2012)[85]
Thinkfuse (June 2012)[86]
BlueTail (July 2012) – now part of Data.com[87]
GoInstant (July 2012) for US$70 million[88]
Prior Knowledge (December 2012)[89]
EntropySoft (February 2013) for an undisclosed sum - now known as Salesforce Files Connect
clipboard.com (May 2013) for US$12 million[90]
ExactTarget (announced June 4, 2013) - now Marketing Cloud for US$2.5 billion[91]
EdgeSpring (June 7, 2013) - now part of the Analytics Cloud[92]
RelateIQ (July 10, 2014) for US$390 million - now known as SalesforceIQ[93]
Toopher (April 1, 2015)[94]
Tempo (app) (May 29, 2015) - now part of SalesforceIQ[95]
ÄKTA (September 2015) - for an undisclosed sum.[96]
MinHash (December 2015)[97]
SteelBrick (December 2015) for US$360 million[98]
PredictionIO (February 2016) [99]
Implisit (May 2016)[100]
Demandware (July 2016)[101]
Coolan (July 2016)[102]
Quip (August 2016) for US$750 million [103]
BeyondCore (August 2016)[104]
Gravitytank (Sep 2016)[105]
Krux (Oct 2016)[106]
Sequence (February 2017)[107]


Financials[edit]
Dollars in millions


Metric
Value
Period
Source


Basic Shares Outstanding
685
7/31/16
10Q


Cash and Cash Equivalents
1,115.226
7/31/16
10Q


Short Term Marketable Securities (Current)
59.057
7/31/16
10Q


See also[edit]

Salesforce Tower
Salesforce Tower Indianapolis
Salesforce Tower London

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 28, 2017. Retrieved April 27, 2017. 
^ "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Proxy Statement". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved June 5, 2017. 
^ "CRM stock quote - Salesforce.com Inc stock price". NASDAQ. 
^ Babcock, Charles (December 29, 2009). "Salesforce.com's Wizard Was Parker Harris and Team". InformationWeek. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Benioff, Mark (2009). Behind the Cloud: The Untold Story of How Salesforce.com Went from Idea to Billion-Dollar Company—and Revolutionized an Industry. Jossey-Bass. p. 7. ISBN 0470521163. 
^ Gerholdt, Mike (October 17, 2013). "Parker Harris on Co-Founding Salesforce.com". ButtonClick Admin. Salesforce.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Compton, Jason (June 23, 2004). "Salesforce.com IPO Raises $110 million". Destination CRM.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Fagan, Laura (October 14, 2014). "Marc Benioff Announces Salesforce Customer Success Platform, Analytics Cloud". Salesforce Blog. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Lager, Marshall (February 10, 2009). "Salesforce.com Expands the Cloud to Sales - CRM Magazine". Destinationcrm.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Launches The Service Cloud, A Customer Service SaaS Application | TechCrunch". Techcrunchit.com. January 14, 2009. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Kepes, Ben (September 1, 2010). "Salesforce Integrates Jigsaw — Refining Contact Data — Cloud Computing News". Gigaom.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Diana, Alison (June 22, 2010). "Salesforce.com Launches Chatter Collaboration Tool - Storage - Disaster recovery/business continuity". InformationWeek. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Dignan, Larry. "Salesforce launches Wave analytics cloud, boosts enterprise reach". ZDNet. Retrieved February 10, 2015. 
^ "Top Customer Relationship Management Software | 2014 Reviews of the Best Systems". Capterra.com. February 25, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2014. 
^ Rao, Leena (September 8, 2009). "Everything You Need To Know About Salesforce's Service Cloud 2". TechCrunch. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ Knorr, Eric; Gruman, Galen (April 7, 2008). "What Cloud Computing Really Means". The New York Times. IDG. Retrieved January 23, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce.com Unveils Force.com Cloud Computing Architecture". eweek.com. 
^ "Compiling Visualforce Successfully". salesforce.com. 
^ "Salesforce Spring15 Release Notes". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Developer Guide: Open Source Aura Framework". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning FAQ: Visualforce and Lightning". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Who's Who in Application Platforms for Cloud Computing: The Cloud Specialists". Gartner. September 16, 2009. 
^ Developer Keynote: Build Next Generation Apps. YouTube. November 21, 2013. 
^ Berkow, James. "HR industry feels Rypple effect". Edmonton Journal. Retrieved October 14, 2010. 
^ Abbott, Kate. "How I Got Here: Salesforce Rypple's Daniel Debow". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 27, 2012. 
^ "The Rypple effect". The Economist. Retrieved December 30, 2008. 
^ "Introducing Rypple's New CTO… Bohdan Zabawskyj". Work.com. Retrieved January 9, 2014. 
^ Clark, Don. "Spotify Rallies Workers With Help From Rypple". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 13, 2011. 
^ Goetz, Thomas (June 20, 2011). "How Facebook Uses Feedback Loops: Meet Rypple". Wired. Retrieved June 20, 2011. 
^ Rao, Leena. "Salesforce Debuts Rypple-Powered Work.com To Help Companies Manage Talent, Partners With Facebook". Techcrunch. Retrieved February 15, 2013. 
^ "Enterprise Customers Flocking to Jigsaw Data Fusion". Outbound-call-center.tmcnet.com. November 19, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Jigsaw Data not a company that follows standards, San Francisco Chronicle
^ "Salesforce Buys Customer Service SaaS Assistly For $50M To Reach Small Businesses". Techcrunch. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ "Assistly Is Now Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Salesforce launches Desk.com, slick social customer support software based on Assistly". Venturebeat. Retrieved 2012-01-30. 
^ "Salesforce sweetens the deal for growing SMBs with new Desk.com edition". PC World. Retrieved 2015-01-07. 
^ "Customer Relationship Software for Small Businesses". Salesforce.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Mailchimp for Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Desk.com steps up global focus". Computerworld. Retrieved 2015-02-26. 
^ Salesforce debuts Do.com, a smart social productivity app for small teams, VentureBeat News
^ Protalinski, Emil (October 25, 2013). "Salesforce to Shut Down Social Productivity App Do.com on January 31". The Next Web. 
^ Salesforce to shut down Do.com task management service, CiteWorld
^ Salesforce.com sells Do.com domain name to startup, DomainNameWire
^ "AppExchange - Home". Salesforce.com. March 1, 2011. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "AppExchange - Home". Appexchange.salesforce.com. Retrieved February 6, 2015. 
^ "AppExchange- Consulting Top Partners". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ Stubblebine, Tony (November 13, 2006). "An Introduction to Salesforce.com's AppExchange". O'Reilly Network. 
^ "Salesforce Developers". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Asynchronous Processing in Force.com" (PDF). Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Lightning | Salesforce Developers". developer.salesforce.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Design System". lightningdesignsystem.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ Hoge, Patrick (April 11, 2014). "Salesforce.com set to move into the West's tallest office building". Portland Business Journal. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ Finley, Klint (December 8, 2010). "Beyond Babel: Language Support in Enterprise 2.0 Products". Readwriteweb.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "CRM, the cloud, and the social enterprise". salesforce.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "History of Salesforce". Salesforce Programmers. Digital Marketing Solutions, LLC. Retrieved July 4, 2011. 
^ Martin, Eric (September 9, 2008). "Salesforce.com, Fastenal to Replace Fannie, Freddie in S&P 500". Bloomberg. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Salesforce.com to Set Up a Venture Capital Fund". The New York Times. Retrieved September 10, 2014. 
^ "Salesforce.com pulls plug on Sun's flagship Unix servers". The Register. 
^ "The biggest email provider you've never heard of". Fortune. 
^ Meyer, David. "Salesforce finally solidifies European data center plans". gigaom.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com and Oracle Announce New Strategic Partnership" (Press release). Oracle. 
^ Espiner, Tom (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce tight-lipped after phishing attack". ZDNet. 
^ Patrizio, Andy (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com Scrambles To Halt Phishing Attacks". InternetNews.com. 
^ McMillan, Robert (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com customer list stolen". IDG News Service. 
^ Berlind, David (November 6, 2007). "Phishing-based breach of salesforce.com customer data is more evidence of industry's need to act on spam. Now.". Berlind's Testbed (blog). 
^ Lohr, Steve (September 24, 2009). "Jigsaw's Business Model Is Built on Crowdsourcing". The New York Times. 
^ Arrington, Michael (December 20, 2009). "The World Has Changed. Is Jigsaw Still Evil?". Techcrunch.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ "jigsaw.com | Web Safety Ratings from McAfee SiteAdvisor". Siteadvisor.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Kepes, Ben (December 11, 2009). "Breaking: Salesforce.com Buys GroupSwim". Cloud Ave. Retrieved September 2, 2015. 
^ Whiting, Rick (February 3, 2010). "Salesforce Adds Business Process Development To Force.com". Crn.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquires Jigsaw for $142 million". ZDNet. April 21, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Brings Navajo Into Camp to Boost Cloud Security". Forbes. August 30, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Enterprise Chat Startup Activa Live". TechCrunch. September 24, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Heroku For $212 million In Cash". TechCrunch. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Email Contact Manager Etacts". TechCrunch. December 21, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce buys Dimdim for $31 million, bolsters Chatter collaboration". ZDNet. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Manymoon". All Things Digital. Retrieved January 20, 2011. 
^ Savitz, Eric (March 30, 2011). "Salesforce Buys Social Media Tracker Radian6 For $340M". Forbes. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Acquires Assistly – SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 21, 2011". California. PR Newswire. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Social And Mobile Cloud Computing Consultancy Model Metrics". TechCrunch. November 14, 2011. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Rypple For Social Employee Performance Management". InformationWeek. Retrieved December 19, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Stypi". 
^ "Salesforce Lines Up Against Oracle On Social Push; Buys Buddy Media For $689M". TechCrunch. June 4, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce to Acquire Buddy Media". Webpronews.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Corporate 'perks' Software Vendor ChoicePass". PC World. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires TechStars And TechCrunch Disrupt Alum Thinkfuse". TechCrunch. June 25, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquired BlueTail in July, AllThingsD reports". Yahoo! Finance. September 11, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce.com Reported To Buy GoInstant For $70 Million". TechCrunch. July 9, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Grant, Rebecca (November 23, 2012). "Salesforce to predict the future with the power of Prior Knowledge". VentureBeat. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ "Web Clipping Service Clipboard Acquired By Salesforce For $12M, Will Be Shuttered On June 30th". TechCrunch. May 9, 2013. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "ExactTarget to be Acquired in $2.5 Billion Deal - Newsroom - Inside INdiana Business with Gerry Dick". InsideINdianaBusiness.com. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "After Picking Up ExactTarget, Salesforce Buys Enterprise Business Intelligence And Analytics Startup EdgeSpring". TechCrunch. June 7, 2013. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Big Data Startup RelateIQ For Up To $390M". TechCrunch. July 10, 2014. 
^ "Mobile Authentication Startup Toopher Acquired By Salesforce". TechCrunch. April 1, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Smart Calendar Startup Tempo, App Will Shut Down On June 30". TechCrunch. May 29, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce acquires application development consulting firm AKTA". VentureBeat. September 2, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Has Acquired MinHash, Creators Of The AILA Virtual Marketing Assistant". TechCrunch. December 14, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires SteelBrick". Steelbrick. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires PredictionIO To Build Up Its Machine Learning Muscle". TechCrunch. February 19, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce just bought a startup for 'tens of millions' of dollars, adding to its buying spree". Business Insider. Retrieved July 24, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Demandware". Demandware. June 1, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires data center analytics startup Coolan". VentureBeat. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce buys word processing app Quip for $750M". TechCrunch. August 1, 2016. 
^ "Another Salesforce acquisition with BeyondCore enterprise analytics grab". TechCrunch. August 16, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce adds to its $4 billion spending spree by quietly buying another company". Yahoo! Finance. September 15, 2016. 
^ "Susan Bidel's Blog". blogs.forrester.com. Retrieved October 13, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires Sequence to build out its UX design services". TechCrunch. Retrieved February 1, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Salesforce.com.



Official website



Business data for Salesforce.com: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Cloud computing



Applications



Box
Enstratius
Google

G Suite
Docs, Sheets and Slides


HP Cloud (closed)
Microsoft Online
Rackspace
Salesforce





Platforms



Alpha7
Amazon
AppScale
Box
Bluemix
Cloud Foundry
Cocaine (PaaS)
Engine Yard
Enstratius
eXo Platform
Helion
GE Predix
Google App Engine
GreenQloud
Heroku
Inktank
Jelastic
Mendix
Microsoft Azure
OutSystems
openQRM
OpenShift
RightScale
Force.com
SAP Cloud Platform
VMware vCloud Air





Infrastructure



Amazon
Abiquo Enterprise Edition
CloudStack
DigitalOcean
EMC Atmos
Enstratius
Eucalyptus
Fujitsu
GoGrid
Google Cloud Platform
GreenButton
GreenQloud
IBM cloud computing
iland
Joyent
Lunacloud
Nimbula
Nimbus
OpenNebula
OpenStack
OrionVM
Rackspace Cloud
SoftLayer
Zadara Storage
libvirt
libguestfs
OVirt
Virtual Machine Manager
Wakame-vdc
Virtual Private Cloud OnDemand





Technologies



Cloud database
Data centers
Distributed file system for cloud
Hardware virtualization
Internet
Networking
Security
Structured storage
Virtual appliance
Web APIs
Virtual Private Clouds








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Salesforce.com&oldid=791184294"					
Categories: 2004 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesCustomer relationship management softwareSoftware companies based in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoSoftware companies established in 1999Cloud applicationsCloud computing providersBusiness services companies established in 1999Cloud infrastructure attacks & failuresHidden categories: Wikipedia introduction cleanup from June 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from June 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse mdy dates from July 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from May 2015All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing POV-check from June 2017All NPOV disputes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתҚазақшаNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 17:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









salesforce.com - Wikipedia






















 






salesforce.com

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (June 2017)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



salesforce.com, inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CRM
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Software


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)


Founder
Marc Benioff
Parker Harris


Headquarters
The Landmark
San Francisco, California, U.S.



Key people

Marc Benioff
(Chairman & CEO)
Parker Harris
(Exec. VP of Technology)


Products
Sales Cloud
Service Cloud
Platform
Marketing Cloud


Services
Cloud computing
Social enterprise solutions


Revenue
 US$8.39 billion (2017)[1]



Operating income

 US$61.74 million (2017)[1]



Net income

 US$179.63 million (2017)[1]


Total assets
 US$17.58 billion (2017)[1]


Total equity
 US$7.50 billion (2017)[1]


Owner
Marc Benioff (5.3%)[2]



Number of employees

25,178 (2017)[1]


Subsidiaries
Quip
Demandware
Heroku


Website
salesforce.com


salesforce.com, inc. (styled in its logo as salesƒorce; abbreviated usually as SF or SFDC) is an American cloud computing company headquartered in San Francisco, California. Though its revenue comes from a customer relationship management (CRM) product, Salesforce also capitalizes on commercial applications of social networking through acquisition. As of early 2016, it is one of the most highly valued American cloud computing companies with a market capitalization above $61 billion.[3]
Its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the symbol CRM and is a constituent of the S&P 500 Index.



Contents


1 History
2 Services

2.1 Salesforce
2.2 Force.com
2.3 Work.com
2.4 Data.com
2.5 Desk.com
2.6 Do.com
2.7 AppExchange
2.8 Configuration
2.9 Web services


3 Technologies

3.1 Apex
3.2 Visualforce
3.3 Lightning


4 Operations

4.1 Venture capital fund
4.2 IT infrastructure


5 Criticisms
6 Acquisitions
7 Financials
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1999 by former Oracle executive Marc Benioff, Parker Harris, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez as a company specializing in software as a service (SaaS).[4] Harris, Moellenhoff and Dominguez, three software developers previously at consulting firm Left Coast Software, were introduced to Benioff through friend and former Oracle colleague Bobby Yazdani.[5] Harris and team wrote the initial sales automation software, which launched to its first customers in the fall of 1999.[6]
In June 2004 the company's initial public offering was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol CRM and raised US$110 million.[7] Early investors include Magdalena Yesil, Larry Ellison, Halsey Minor, Stewart Henderson, Mark Iscaro, and Igor Sill of Geneva Venture Partners, as well as Nancy Pelosi.
In October 2014, Salesforce announced the development of its Customer Success Platform to tie together Salesforce's services, including sales, service, marketing, analytics, community, and mobile apps.[8]
Services[edit]
Salesforce.com's customer relationship management (CRM) service is broken down into several broad categories: Commerce Cloud, Sales Cloud,[9] Service Cloud,[10] Data Cloud[11] (including Jigsaw), Marketing Cloud, Community Cloud[12] (including Chatter), Analytics Cloud,[13] App Cloud, and IoT with over 100,000 customers.[14]
Salesforce[edit]
Salesforce is the primary enterprise offering within the Salesforce1 Platform. It provides companies with an interface for case management and task management, and a system for automatically routing and escalating important events. The Salesforce customer portal provides customers the ability to track their own cases, includes a social networking plug-in that enables the user to join the conversation about their company on social networking websites, provides analytical tools and other services including email alert, Google search, and access to customers' entitlement and contracts.[15]
Force.com[edit]
Force.com is a platform as a service (PaaS) that allows developers to create multitenant (single instance of software runs on a server and serves multiple tenants) add-on applications that integrate into the main Salesforce.com application.[16] Force.com applications are hosted on Salesforce.com's infrastructure.[17]
Force.com applications are built using Apex (a proprietary Java-like programming language for Force.com) and Visualforce (an XML[18] syntax typically used to generate HTML). The Force.com platform receives three complete releases a year. As the platform is provided as a service to its developers, every single development instance also receives all these updates.
In the Spring 2015 release a new framework for building user interfaces - Lightning Components - was introduced in beta.[19] Lightning components are built using the open-source Aura Framework[20] but with support for Apex as the server-side language instead of Aura's Javascript dependency. This has been described as an alternative to, not necessarily a replacement for, Visualforce pages.[21]
According to a September 2009 Gartner Group report,[22] Force.com had over 1,000 customer accounts. As of 2013, the Force.com platform has 1.4 million registered developers.[23]
Work.com[edit]
Work.com, previously Rypple, is a social performance management platform that helps managers and employees improve work performance through continuous coaching, real-time feedback, and recognition.[24] It is marketed as a solution for sales performance, customer service, marketing, and as a service that can be employed by human resource departments.
Work.com, then known as "Rypple", was founded by Daniel Debow and David Stein, who wanted to create a simple way of asking for feedback anonymously at work.[25] The company was formed in May 2008 and their client list included Mozilla, Facebook, LinkedIn and the Gilt Groupe. Rypple "'reverses the onus on the demand for more feedback' by getting employees to build and manage their own coaching networks".[26]
In September 2011, Rypple announced that they had hired Bohdan Zabawskyj as its Chief Technology Officer.[27]
In 2011, Rypple developed a more formalized management methodology called OKR ("Objectives and Key Results") for Spotify.[28] Rypple also partnered with Facebook to create "Loops", short for "feedback loops", which gathers feedback from co-workers, "thank you's", progress against goals, and coaching from supervisors into one channel for a "rich, robust, continuous performance review".[29]
In December 2011, Salesforce.com announced that they would acquire Rypple. The transaction was completed in 2012 and Rypple was rebranded as Work.com in September 2012.[30]
Data.com[edit]
Data.com, previously known as Jigsaw, is a cloud-based automated system for acquiring and managing CRM records within a user's Salesforce.com account.[31]
Data.com is also an online business directory of companies and business professionals that is built, maintained and accessed by a worldwide community of over a million subscribers.[32] A large database allows members to exchange and share the business information of more than 29 million contacts from over 4 million companies. This information consists of what is commonly found on a business card.
Data.com utilizes a user-generated database that's continually updated by its members. Data.com's contacts act as a virtual business card, offering name, title, postal and email addresses and direct-dial phone numbers for individual contacts.
Desk.com[edit]
Desk.com is a saas help desk and customer support product accessible through the cloud. Desk.com is owned by Salesforce.com and was previously known as Assistly. Desk.com is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
After being acquired by Salesforce.com for $50 million in 2011 [33] Assistly was re-branded as Desk.com in 2012 [34] as a "slick social customer support software". [35]
Desk.com is a Saas customer service application. The product differentiates itself from Salesforce's other service platform in that Desk.com specifically targets small businesses with its features and functions. [36] Desk.com integrates with a variety of products and third-party applications including Salesforce CRM, Salesforce IQ,[37] Atlassian JIRA, Mailchimp [38] and other apps. Desk.com also supports up to 50 languages. [39]
Do.com[edit]
Do.com was a cloud-based task management system for small groups and businesses, introduced in 2011 and discontinued in 2014.[40][41][42] Salesforce did not offer any reason for shutting down the service, however it provided an Export tool to save data entered within the Do.com interface. The Do.com domain was sold to a startup in 2014.[43]
AppExchange[edit]
Launched in 2005, the Salesforce AppExchange is an online application marketplace for third-party applications that run on the Force.com platform. Applications are available for free, as well as yearly or monthly subscription models. Applications available range from integrations with Sharepoint to mobile approval management.[44] As of February 2015, it features 2,658 applications which have driven a total of over 2.8 million installs.[45] The "AppExchange" is also a place customers can search for cloud consulting partners to help them implement the technology in their own organisation. Cloud consulting partners for Salesforce include large companies like IBM's "Bluewolf" and Accenture as well as smaller ones like Cloudreach.[46]
Configuration[edit]
Salesforce users can configure their CRM application. In the system, there are tabs such as "Contacts", "Reports", and "Accounts". Each tab contains associated information. Configuration can be done on each tab by adding user-defined custom fields.[47]
Configuration can also be done at the "platform" level by adding configured applications to a Salesforce instance, that is adding sets of customized / novel tabs for specific vertical- or function-level (Finance, Human Resources, etc.) features.
Web services[edit]
In addition to the web interface, Salesforce.com offers a SOAP/REST Web service API that enables integration with other systems.
Technologies[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Apex[edit]
Apex is a proprietary programming language provided by the Force.com platform to developers similar to Java and C#. It is a strongly typed, object-oriented, case-insensitive programming language, following a dot-notation and curly-brackets syntax. Apex can be used to execute programmed functions during most processes on the Force.com platform including custom buttons and links, event handlers on record insertion, update, or deletion, via scheduling, or via the custom controllers of Visualforce pages.
Due to the multitenant nature of the platform, the language has strictly imposed governor limitations[48] to guard against any code monopolizing shared resources. Salesforce provides a series of asynchronous processing methods for Apex to allow developers to produce longer running and more complex Apex code.[49]
Visualforce[edit]
Visualforce is the view control technology on the Force.com
Lightning[edit]
In 2014, Salesforce made public the frontend of its platform, called Lightning.[50] This component based framework is what the Salesforce1 mobile app is built on and customers are now able to build on it as well. Salesforce built on this framework in 2015 by releasing the Lightning Design System,[51] an HTML style framework with default CSS styling built in. This framework allows customers to build their own components to either use in their internal instances or sell on the AppExchange.
One of the new tools released is known as the Salesforce Lightning App Builder for rapid application development of responsive web interfaces. This interface allows for different screens to be put together based on Lightning components. This can be used as layouts for records or specific applications.
Operations[edit]




A discussion panel at Salesforce's Customer Company Tour event that focused on customer relationship management


Salesforce.com is headquartered in San Francisco, with regional headquarters in Morges, Switzerland (covering Europe, Middle East, and Africa, Singapore), India (covering Asia Pacific minus Japan), and Tokyo (covering Japan). Other major offices are in Toronto, Chicago, New York City, London, Sydney, Dublin, Hyderabad, San Mateo, California and Hillsboro, Oregon.[52] Salesforce.com has its services translated into 16[53] different languages and as of July 31, 2011, had 104,000[54] customers and over 2.1 million subscribers.[55] Salesforce will be moving its Midwest Regional headquarters to Indianapolis in 2017.
Standard & Poor's included Salesforce.com, at the same time as Fastenal, into the S&P 500 index in September 2008, following the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and their removal from the index.[56]
Venture capital fund[edit]
The company announced in September 2014 that it had set up a venture capital arm to fund start-ups creating apps primarily for mobile phones.[57]
IT infrastructure[edit]
Salesforce.com migrated to Dell servers with AMD processors running Linux from Sun Fire E25K servers with SPARC processors running Solaris in 2008.[58] The company uses the Momentum platform from Message Systems to allow its customers to send large amounts of email.[59]
In 2012, Salesforce.com announced plans to build a data center in the UK to handle European citizens' personal data.[60]
In 2013, Salesforce.com and Oracle announced a nine-year partnership in which Salesforce.com will use Oracle Linux, Oracle Exadata, Oracle Database, and the Java platform to power salesforce.com's applications and SaaS platform.[61]
Criticisms[edit]





This article's Criticism or Controversy section may compromise the article's neutral point of view of the subject. Please integrate the section's contents into the article as a whole, or rewrite the material. (June 2017)


In November 2007, a successful phishing attack on a salesforce.com employee compromised contact information on a number of salesforce.com customers, which was then used to send highly targeted phishing emails.[62][63][64] The phishing breach was cited as an example of why the CRM industry needs greater security for users against such threats as spam.[65]
While the crowd-sourced method of building business contacts[66] has proven popular with recruiters, marketers and sales professionals, it has also raised questions of privacy as most of the site's database is entered without permission from the person being listed. Data.com does, however, make it easy to remove business information on request as noted in December 2009 by TechCrunch.[67] However, recipients of these messages regard it as spam and at least one complaint about receiving more spam after attempting to remove one's address have been noted.[68]
Acquisitions[edit]
The following is a list of acquisitions by salesforce.com:


Sendia (April 2006) – now Salesforce Classic
Kieden (August 2006) – now Salesforce for Google AdWords
Kenlet (January 2007) – original product CrispyNews used at Salesforce IdeaExchange and Dell IdeaStorm – now relaunched as Salesforce Ideas
Koral (March 2007) – now Salesforce Content
Instranet (August 2008) for $31.5 million – now re-branded to Salesforce Knowledge
GroupSwim (December 2009) – now part of Salesforce Chatter[69]
Informavores (December 2009)[70] – now re-branded to Visual Workflow
Jigsaw Data Corp. (April 2010),[71] – now known as Data.com
Sitemasher (June 2010) – now known as Site.com
Navajo Security (August 2011)[72]
Activa Live Chat (September 2010) – now known as Salesforce Live Agent[73]
Heroku (December 2010)[74]
Etacts (December 2010)[75]
Dimdim (January 2011)[76]
Manymoon (February 2011) – now known as Do.com[77]
Radian6 (March 2011) for $340M [78]
Assistly (September 21, 2011) – now known as Desk.com[79]
Model Metrics (November 2011)[80]
Rypple (December 2011)[81] – now known as Work.com
Stypi (May 2012)[82]
Buddy Media (May 2012) for US$689 million[83][84]
ChoicePass (June 2012)[85]
Thinkfuse (June 2012)[86]
BlueTail (July 2012) – now part of Data.com[87]
GoInstant (July 2012) for US$70 million[88]
Prior Knowledge (December 2012)[89]
EntropySoft (February 2013) for an undisclosed sum - now known as Salesforce Files Connect
clipboard.com (May 2013) for US$12 million[90]
ExactTarget (announced June 4, 2013) - now Marketing Cloud for US$2.5 billion[91]
EdgeSpring (June 7, 2013) - now part of the Analytics Cloud[92]
RelateIQ (July 10, 2014) for US$390 million - now known as SalesforceIQ[93]
Toopher (April 1, 2015)[94]
Tempo (app) (May 29, 2015) - now part of SalesforceIQ[95]
ÄKTA (September 2015) - for an undisclosed sum.[96]
MinHash (December 2015)[97]
SteelBrick (December 2015) for US$360 million[98]
PredictionIO (February 2016) [99]
Implisit (May 2016)[100]
Demandware (July 2016)[101]
Coolan (July 2016)[102]
Quip (August 2016) for US$750 million [103]
BeyondCore (August 2016)[104]
Gravitytank (Sep 2016)[105]
Krux (Oct 2016)[106]
Sequence (February 2017)[107]


Financials[edit]
Dollars in millions


Metric
Value
Period
Source


Basic Shares Outstanding
685
7/31/16
10Q


Cash and Cash Equivalents
1,115.226
7/31/16
10Q


Short Term Marketable Securities (Current)
59.057
7/31/16
10Q


See also[edit]

Salesforce Tower
Salesforce Tower Indianapolis
Salesforce Tower London

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 28, 2017. Retrieved April 27, 2017. 
^ "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Proxy Statement". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved June 5, 2017. 
^ "CRM stock quote - Salesforce.com Inc stock price". NASDAQ. 
^ Babcock, Charles (December 29, 2009). "Salesforce.com's Wizard Was Parker Harris and Team". InformationWeek. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Benioff, Mark (2009). Behind the Cloud: The Untold Story of How Salesforce.com Went from Idea to Billion-Dollar Company—and Revolutionized an Industry. Jossey-Bass. p. 7. ISBN 0470521163. 
^ Gerholdt, Mike (October 17, 2013). "Parker Harris on Co-Founding Salesforce.com". ButtonClick Admin. Salesforce.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Compton, Jason (June 23, 2004). "Salesforce.com IPO Raises $110 million". Destination CRM.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Fagan, Laura (October 14, 2014). "Marc Benioff Announces Salesforce Customer Success Platform, Analytics Cloud". Salesforce Blog. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Lager, Marshall (February 10, 2009). "Salesforce.com Expands the Cloud to Sales - CRM Magazine". Destinationcrm.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Launches The Service Cloud, A Customer Service SaaS Application | TechCrunch". Techcrunchit.com. January 14, 2009. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Kepes, Ben (September 1, 2010). "Salesforce Integrates Jigsaw — Refining Contact Data — Cloud Computing News". Gigaom.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Diana, Alison (June 22, 2010). "Salesforce.com Launches Chatter Collaboration Tool - Storage - Disaster recovery/business continuity". InformationWeek. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Dignan, Larry. "Salesforce launches Wave analytics cloud, boosts enterprise reach". ZDNet. Retrieved February 10, 2015. 
^ "Top Customer Relationship Management Software | 2014 Reviews of the Best Systems". Capterra.com. February 25, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2014. 
^ Rao, Leena (September 8, 2009). "Everything You Need To Know About Salesforce's Service Cloud 2". TechCrunch. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ Knorr, Eric; Gruman, Galen (April 7, 2008). "What Cloud Computing Really Means". The New York Times. IDG. Retrieved January 23, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce.com Unveils Force.com Cloud Computing Architecture". eweek.com. 
^ "Compiling Visualforce Successfully". salesforce.com. 
^ "Salesforce Spring15 Release Notes". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Developer Guide: Open Source Aura Framework". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning FAQ: Visualforce and Lightning". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Who's Who in Application Platforms for Cloud Computing: The Cloud Specialists". Gartner. September 16, 2009. 
^ Developer Keynote: Build Next Generation Apps. YouTube. November 21, 2013. 
^ Berkow, James. "HR industry feels Rypple effect". Edmonton Journal. Retrieved October 14, 2010. 
^ Abbott, Kate. "How I Got Here: Salesforce Rypple's Daniel Debow". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 27, 2012. 
^ "The Rypple effect". The Economist. Retrieved December 30, 2008. 
^ "Introducing Rypple's New CTO… Bohdan Zabawskyj". Work.com. Retrieved January 9, 2014. 
^ Clark, Don. "Spotify Rallies Workers With Help From Rypple". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 13, 2011. 
^ Goetz, Thomas (June 20, 2011). "How Facebook Uses Feedback Loops: Meet Rypple". Wired. Retrieved June 20, 2011. 
^ Rao, Leena. "Salesforce Debuts Rypple-Powered Work.com To Help Companies Manage Talent, Partners With Facebook". Techcrunch. Retrieved February 15, 2013. 
^ "Enterprise Customers Flocking to Jigsaw Data Fusion". Outbound-call-center.tmcnet.com. November 19, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Jigsaw Data not a company that follows standards, San Francisco Chronicle
^ "Salesforce Buys Customer Service SaaS Assistly For $50M To Reach Small Businesses". Techcrunch. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ "Assistly Is Now Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Salesforce launches Desk.com, slick social customer support software based on Assistly". Venturebeat. Retrieved 2012-01-30. 
^ "Salesforce sweetens the deal for growing SMBs with new Desk.com edition". PC World. Retrieved 2015-01-07. 
^ "Customer Relationship Software for Small Businesses". Salesforce.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Mailchimp for Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Desk.com steps up global focus". Computerworld. Retrieved 2015-02-26. 
^ Salesforce debuts Do.com, a smart social productivity app for small teams, VentureBeat News
^ Protalinski, Emil (October 25, 2013). "Salesforce to Shut Down Social Productivity App Do.com on January 31". The Next Web. 
^ Salesforce to shut down Do.com task management service, CiteWorld
^ Salesforce.com sells Do.com domain name to startup, DomainNameWire
^ "AppExchange - Home". Salesforce.com. March 1, 2011. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "AppExchange - Home". Appexchange.salesforce.com. Retrieved February 6, 2015. 
^ "AppExchange- Consulting Top Partners". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ Stubblebine, Tony (November 13, 2006). "An Introduction to Salesforce.com's AppExchange". O'Reilly Network. 
^ "Salesforce Developers". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Asynchronous Processing in Force.com" (PDF). Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Lightning | Salesforce Developers". developer.salesforce.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Design System". lightningdesignsystem.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ Hoge, Patrick (April 11, 2014). "Salesforce.com set to move into the West's tallest office building". Portland Business Journal. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ Finley, Klint (December 8, 2010). "Beyond Babel: Language Support in Enterprise 2.0 Products". Readwriteweb.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "CRM, the cloud, and the social enterprise". salesforce.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "History of Salesforce". Salesforce Programmers. Digital Marketing Solutions, LLC. Retrieved July 4, 2011. 
^ Martin, Eric (September 9, 2008). "Salesforce.com, Fastenal to Replace Fannie, Freddie in S&P 500". Bloomberg. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Salesforce.com to Set Up a Venture Capital Fund". The New York Times. Retrieved September 10, 2014. 
^ "Salesforce.com pulls plug on Sun's flagship Unix servers". The Register. 
^ "The biggest email provider you've never heard of". Fortune. 
^ Meyer, David. "Salesforce finally solidifies European data center plans". gigaom.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com and Oracle Announce New Strategic Partnership" (Press release). Oracle. 
^ Espiner, Tom (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce tight-lipped after phishing attack". ZDNet. 
^ Patrizio, Andy (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com Scrambles To Halt Phishing Attacks". InternetNews.com. 
^ McMillan, Robert (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com customer list stolen". IDG News Service. 
^ Berlind, David (November 6, 2007). "Phishing-based breach of salesforce.com customer data is more evidence of industry's need to act on spam. Now.". Berlind's Testbed (blog). 
^ Lohr, Steve (September 24, 2009). "Jigsaw's Business Model Is Built on Crowdsourcing". The New York Times. 
^ Arrington, Michael (December 20, 2009). "The World Has Changed. Is Jigsaw Still Evil?". Techcrunch.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ "jigsaw.com | Web Safety Ratings from McAfee SiteAdvisor". Siteadvisor.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Kepes, Ben (December 11, 2009). "Breaking: Salesforce.com Buys GroupSwim". Cloud Ave. Retrieved September 2, 2015. 
^ Whiting, Rick (February 3, 2010). "Salesforce Adds Business Process Development To Force.com". Crn.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquires Jigsaw for $142 million". ZDNet. April 21, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Brings Navajo Into Camp to Boost Cloud Security". Forbes. August 30, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Enterprise Chat Startup Activa Live". TechCrunch. September 24, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Heroku For $212 million In Cash". TechCrunch. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Email Contact Manager Etacts". TechCrunch. December 21, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce buys Dimdim for $31 million, bolsters Chatter collaboration". ZDNet. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Manymoon". All Things Digital. Retrieved January 20, 2011. 
^ Savitz, Eric (March 30, 2011). "Salesforce Buys Social Media Tracker Radian6 For $340M". Forbes. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Acquires Assistly – SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 21, 2011". California. PR Newswire. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Social And Mobile Cloud Computing Consultancy Model Metrics". TechCrunch. November 14, 2011. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Rypple For Social Employee Performance Management". InformationWeek. Retrieved December 19, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Stypi". 
^ "Salesforce Lines Up Against Oracle On Social Push; Buys Buddy Media For $689M". TechCrunch. June 4, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce to Acquire Buddy Media". Webpronews.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Corporate 'perks' Software Vendor ChoicePass". PC World. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires TechStars And TechCrunch Disrupt Alum Thinkfuse". TechCrunch. June 25, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquired BlueTail in July, AllThingsD reports". Yahoo! Finance. September 11, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce.com Reported To Buy GoInstant For $70 Million". TechCrunch. July 9, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Grant, Rebecca (November 23, 2012). "Salesforce to predict the future with the power of Prior Knowledge". VentureBeat. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ "Web Clipping Service Clipboard Acquired By Salesforce For $12M, Will Be Shuttered On June 30th". TechCrunch. May 9, 2013. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "ExactTarget to be Acquired in $2.5 Billion Deal - Newsroom - Inside INdiana Business with Gerry Dick". InsideINdianaBusiness.com. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "After Picking Up ExactTarget, Salesforce Buys Enterprise Business Intelligence And Analytics Startup EdgeSpring". TechCrunch. June 7, 2013. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Big Data Startup RelateIQ For Up To $390M". TechCrunch. July 10, 2014. 
^ "Mobile Authentication Startup Toopher Acquired By Salesforce". TechCrunch. April 1, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Smart Calendar Startup Tempo, App Will Shut Down On June 30". TechCrunch. May 29, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce acquires application development consulting firm AKTA". VentureBeat. September 2, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Has Acquired MinHash, Creators Of The AILA Virtual Marketing Assistant". TechCrunch. December 14, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires SteelBrick". Steelbrick. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires PredictionIO To Build Up Its Machine Learning Muscle". TechCrunch. February 19, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce just bought a startup for 'tens of millions' of dollars, adding to its buying spree". Business Insider. Retrieved July 24, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Demandware". Demandware. June 1, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires data center analytics startup Coolan". VentureBeat. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce buys word processing app Quip for $750M". TechCrunch. August 1, 2016. 
^ "Another Salesforce acquisition with BeyondCore enterprise analytics grab". TechCrunch. August 16, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce adds to its $4 billion spending spree by quietly buying another company". Yahoo! Finance. September 15, 2016. 
^ "Susan Bidel's Blog". blogs.forrester.com. Retrieved October 13, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires Sequence to build out its UX design services". TechCrunch. Retrieved February 1, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Salesforce.com.



Official website



Business data for Salesforce.com: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Cloud computing



Applications



Box
Enstratius
Google

G Suite
Docs, Sheets and Slides


HP Cloud (closed)
Microsoft Online
Rackspace
Salesforce





Platforms



Alpha7
Amazon
AppScale
Box
Bluemix
Cloud Foundry
Cocaine (PaaS)
Engine Yard
Enstratius
eXo Platform
Helion
GE Predix
Google App Engine
GreenQloud
Heroku
Inktank
Jelastic
Mendix
Microsoft Azure
OutSystems
openQRM
OpenShift
RightScale
Force.com
SAP Cloud Platform
VMware vCloud Air





Infrastructure



Amazon
Abiquo Enterprise Edition
CloudStack
DigitalOcean
EMC Atmos
Enstratius
Eucalyptus
Fujitsu
GoGrid
Google Cloud Platform
GreenButton
GreenQloud
IBM cloud computing
iland
Joyent
Lunacloud
Nimbula
Nimbus
OpenNebula
OpenStack
OrionVM
Rackspace Cloud
SoftLayer
Zadara Storage
libvirt
libguestfs
OVirt
Virtual Machine Manager
Wakame-vdc
Virtual Private Cloud OnDemand





Technologies



Cloud database
Data centers
Distributed file system for cloud
Hardware virtualization
Internet
Networking
Security
Structured storage
Virtual appliance
Web APIs
Virtual Private Clouds








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Salesforce.com&oldid=791184294"					
Categories: 2004 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesCustomer relationship management softwareSoftware companies based in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoSoftware companies established in 1999Cloud applicationsCloud computing providersBusiness services companies established in 1999Cloud infrastructure attacks & failuresHidden categories: Wikipedia introduction cleanup from June 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from June 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse mdy dates from July 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from May 2015All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing POV-check from June 2017All NPOV disputes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתҚазақшаNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 17:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









salesforce.com - Wikipedia






















 






salesforce.com

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (June 2017)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



salesforce.com, inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CRM
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Software


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)


Founder
Marc Benioff
Parker Harris


Headquarters
The Landmark
San Francisco, California, U.S.



Key people

Marc Benioff
(Chairman & CEO)
Parker Harris
(Exec. VP of Technology)


Products
Sales Cloud
Service Cloud
Platform
Marketing Cloud


Services
Cloud computing
Social enterprise solutions


Revenue
 US$8.39 billion (2017)[1]



Operating income

 US$61.74 million (2017)[1]



Net income

 US$179.63 million (2017)[1]


Total assets
 US$17.58 billion (2017)[1]


Total equity
 US$7.50 billion (2017)[1]


Owner
Marc Benioff (5.3%)[2]



Number of employees

25,178 (2017)[1]


Subsidiaries
Quip
Demandware
Heroku


Website
salesforce.com


salesforce.com, inc. (styled in its logo as salesƒorce; abbreviated usually as SF or SFDC) is an American cloud computing company headquartered in San Francisco, California. Though its revenue comes from a customer relationship management (CRM) product, Salesforce also capitalizes on commercial applications of social networking through acquisition. As of early 2016, it is one of the most highly valued American cloud computing companies with a market capitalization above $61 billion.[3]
Its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the symbol CRM and is a constituent of the S&P 500 Index.



Contents


1 History
2 Services

2.1 Salesforce
2.2 Force.com
2.3 Work.com
2.4 Data.com
2.5 Desk.com
2.6 Do.com
2.7 AppExchange
2.8 Configuration
2.9 Web services


3 Technologies

3.1 Apex
3.2 Visualforce
3.3 Lightning


4 Operations

4.1 Venture capital fund
4.2 IT infrastructure


5 Criticisms
6 Acquisitions
7 Financials
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1999 by former Oracle executive Marc Benioff, Parker Harris, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez as a company specializing in software as a service (SaaS).[4] Harris, Moellenhoff and Dominguez, three software developers previously at consulting firm Left Coast Software, were introduced to Benioff through friend and former Oracle colleague Bobby Yazdani.[5] Harris and team wrote the initial sales automation software, which launched to its first customers in the fall of 1999.[6]
In June 2004 the company's initial public offering was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol CRM and raised US$110 million.[7] Early investors include Magdalena Yesil, Larry Ellison, Halsey Minor, Stewart Henderson, Mark Iscaro, and Igor Sill of Geneva Venture Partners, as well as Nancy Pelosi.
In October 2014, Salesforce announced the development of its Customer Success Platform to tie together Salesforce's services, including sales, service, marketing, analytics, community, and mobile apps.[8]
Services[edit]
Salesforce.com's customer relationship management (CRM) service is broken down into several broad categories: Commerce Cloud, Sales Cloud,[9] Service Cloud,[10] Data Cloud[11] (including Jigsaw), Marketing Cloud, Community Cloud[12] (including Chatter), Analytics Cloud,[13] App Cloud, and IoT with over 100,000 customers.[14]
Salesforce[edit]
Salesforce is the primary enterprise offering within the Salesforce1 Platform. It provides companies with an interface for case management and task management, and a system for automatically routing and escalating important events. The Salesforce customer portal provides customers the ability to track their own cases, includes a social networking plug-in that enables the user to join the conversation about their company on social networking websites, provides analytical tools and other services including email alert, Google search, and access to customers' entitlement and contracts.[15]
Force.com[edit]
Force.com is a platform as a service (PaaS) that allows developers to create multitenant (single instance of software runs on a server and serves multiple tenants) add-on applications that integrate into the main Salesforce.com application.[16] Force.com applications are hosted on Salesforce.com's infrastructure.[17]
Force.com applications are built using Apex (a proprietary Java-like programming language for Force.com) and Visualforce (an XML[18] syntax typically used to generate HTML). The Force.com platform receives three complete releases a year. As the platform is provided as a service to its developers, every single development instance also receives all these updates.
In the Spring 2015 release a new framework for building user interfaces - Lightning Components - was introduced in beta.[19] Lightning components are built using the open-source Aura Framework[20] but with support for Apex as the server-side language instead of Aura's Javascript dependency. This has been described as an alternative to, not necessarily a replacement for, Visualforce pages.[21]
According to a September 2009 Gartner Group report,[22] Force.com had over 1,000 customer accounts. As of 2013, the Force.com platform has 1.4 million registered developers.[23]
Work.com[edit]
Work.com, previously Rypple, is a social performance management platform that helps managers and employees improve work performance through continuous coaching, real-time feedback, and recognition.[24] It is marketed as a solution for sales performance, customer service, marketing, and as a service that can be employed by human resource departments.
Work.com, then known as "Rypple", was founded by Daniel Debow and David Stein, who wanted to create a simple way of asking for feedback anonymously at work.[25] The company was formed in May 2008 and their client list included Mozilla, Facebook, LinkedIn and the Gilt Groupe. Rypple "'reverses the onus on the demand for more feedback' by getting employees to build and manage their own coaching networks".[26]
In September 2011, Rypple announced that they had hired Bohdan Zabawskyj as its Chief Technology Officer.[27]
In 2011, Rypple developed a more formalized management methodology called OKR ("Objectives and Key Results") for Spotify.[28] Rypple also partnered with Facebook to create "Loops", short for "feedback loops", which gathers feedback from co-workers, "thank you's", progress against goals, and coaching from supervisors into one channel for a "rich, robust, continuous performance review".[29]
In December 2011, Salesforce.com announced that they would acquire Rypple. The transaction was completed in 2012 and Rypple was rebranded as Work.com in September 2012.[30]
Data.com[edit]
Data.com, previously known as Jigsaw, is a cloud-based automated system for acquiring and managing CRM records within a user's Salesforce.com account.[31]
Data.com is also an online business directory of companies and business professionals that is built, maintained and accessed by a worldwide community of over a million subscribers.[32] A large database allows members to exchange and share the business information of more than 29 million contacts from over 4 million companies. This information consists of what is commonly found on a business card.
Data.com utilizes a user-generated database that's continually updated by its members. Data.com's contacts act as a virtual business card, offering name, title, postal and email addresses and direct-dial phone numbers for individual contacts.
Desk.com[edit]
Desk.com is a saas help desk and customer support product accessible through the cloud. Desk.com is owned by Salesforce.com and was previously known as Assistly. Desk.com is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
After being acquired by Salesforce.com for $50 million in 2011 [33] Assistly was re-branded as Desk.com in 2012 [34] as a "slick social customer support software". [35]
Desk.com is a Saas customer service application. The product differentiates itself from Salesforce's other service platform in that Desk.com specifically targets small businesses with its features and functions. [36] Desk.com integrates with a variety of products and third-party applications including Salesforce CRM, Salesforce IQ,[37] Atlassian JIRA, Mailchimp [38] and other apps. Desk.com also supports up to 50 languages. [39]
Do.com[edit]
Do.com was a cloud-based task management system for small groups and businesses, introduced in 2011 and discontinued in 2014.[40][41][42] Salesforce did not offer any reason for shutting down the service, however it provided an Export tool to save data entered within the Do.com interface. The Do.com domain was sold to a startup in 2014.[43]
AppExchange[edit]
Launched in 2005, the Salesforce AppExchange is an online application marketplace for third-party applications that run on the Force.com platform. Applications are available for free, as well as yearly or monthly subscription models. Applications available range from integrations with Sharepoint to mobile approval management.[44] As of February 2015, it features 2,658 applications which have driven a total of over 2.8 million installs.[45] The "AppExchange" is also a place customers can search for cloud consulting partners to help them implement the technology in their own organisation. Cloud consulting partners for Salesforce include large companies like IBM's "Bluewolf" and Accenture as well as smaller ones like Cloudreach.[46]
Configuration[edit]
Salesforce users can configure their CRM application. In the system, there are tabs such as "Contacts", "Reports", and "Accounts". Each tab contains associated information. Configuration can be done on each tab by adding user-defined custom fields.[47]
Configuration can also be done at the "platform" level by adding configured applications to a Salesforce instance, that is adding sets of customized / novel tabs for specific vertical- or function-level (Finance, Human Resources, etc.) features.
Web services[edit]
In addition to the web interface, Salesforce.com offers a SOAP/REST Web service API that enables integration with other systems.
Technologies[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Apex[edit]
Apex is a proprietary programming language provided by the Force.com platform to developers similar to Java and C#. It is a strongly typed, object-oriented, case-insensitive programming language, following a dot-notation and curly-brackets syntax. Apex can be used to execute programmed functions during most processes on the Force.com platform including custom buttons and links, event handlers on record insertion, update, or deletion, via scheduling, or via the custom controllers of Visualforce pages.
Due to the multitenant nature of the platform, the language has strictly imposed governor limitations[48] to guard against any code monopolizing shared resources. Salesforce provides a series of asynchronous processing methods for Apex to allow developers to produce longer running and more complex Apex code.[49]
Visualforce[edit]
Visualforce is the view control technology on the Force.com
Lightning[edit]
In 2014, Salesforce made public the frontend of its platform, called Lightning.[50] This component based framework is what the Salesforce1 mobile app is built on and customers are now able to build on it as well. Salesforce built on this framework in 2015 by releasing the Lightning Design System,[51] an HTML style framework with default CSS styling built in. This framework allows customers to build their own components to either use in their internal instances or sell on the AppExchange.
One of the new tools released is known as the Salesforce Lightning App Builder for rapid application development of responsive web interfaces. This interface allows for different screens to be put together based on Lightning components. This can be used as layouts for records or specific applications.
Operations[edit]




A discussion panel at Salesforce's Customer Company Tour event that focused on customer relationship management


Salesforce.com is headquartered in San Francisco, with regional headquarters in Morges, Switzerland (covering Europe, Middle East, and Africa, Singapore), India (covering Asia Pacific minus Japan), and Tokyo (covering Japan). Other major offices are in Toronto, Chicago, New York City, London, Sydney, Dublin, Hyderabad, San Mateo, California and Hillsboro, Oregon.[52] Salesforce.com has its services translated into 16[53] different languages and as of July 31, 2011, had 104,000[54] customers and over 2.1 million subscribers.[55] Salesforce will be moving its Midwest Regional headquarters to Indianapolis in 2017.
Standard & Poor's included Salesforce.com, at the same time as Fastenal, into the S&P 500 index in September 2008, following the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and their removal from the index.[56]
Venture capital fund[edit]
The company announced in September 2014 that it had set up a venture capital arm to fund start-ups creating apps primarily for mobile phones.[57]
IT infrastructure[edit]
Salesforce.com migrated to Dell servers with AMD processors running Linux from Sun Fire E25K servers with SPARC processors running Solaris in 2008.[58] The company uses the Momentum platform from Message Systems to allow its customers to send large amounts of email.[59]
In 2012, Salesforce.com announced plans to build a data center in the UK to handle European citizens' personal data.[60]
In 2013, Salesforce.com and Oracle announced a nine-year partnership in which Salesforce.com will use Oracle Linux, Oracle Exadata, Oracle Database, and the Java platform to power salesforce.com's applications and SaaS platform.[61]
Criticisms[edit]





This article's Criticism or Controversy section may compromise the article's neutral point of view of the subject. Please integrate the section's contents into the article as a whole, or rewrite the material. (June 2017)


In November 2007, a successful phishing attack on a salesforce.com employee compromised contact information on a number of salesforce.com customers, which was then used to send highly targeted phishing emails.[62][63][64] The phishing breach was cited as an example of why the CRM industry needs greater security for users against such threats as spam.[65]
While the crowd-sourced method of building business contacts[66] has proven popular with recruiters, marketers and sales professionals, it has also raised questions of privacy as most of the site's database is entered without permission from the person being listed. Data.com does, however, make it easy to remove business information on request as noted in December 2009 by TechCrunch.[67] However, recipients of these messages regard it as spam and at least one complaint about receiving more spam after attempting to remove one's address have been noted.[68]
Acquisitions[edit]
The following is a list of acquisitions by salesforce.com:


Sendia (April 2006) – now Salesforce Classic
Kieden (August 2006) – now Salesforce for Google AdWords
Kenlet (January 2007) – original product CrispyNews used at Salesforce IdeaExchange and Dell IdeaStorm – now relaunched as Salesforce Ideas
Koral (March 2007) – now Salesforce Content
Instranet (August 2008) for $31.5 million – now re-branded to Salesforce Knowledge
GroupSwim (December 2009) – now part of Salesforce Chatter[69]
Informavores (December 2009)[70] – now re-branded to Visual Workflow
Jigsaw Data Corp. (April 2010),[71] – now known as Data.com
Sitemasher (June 2010) – now known as Site.com
Navajo Security (August 2011)[72]
Activa Live Chat (September 2010) – now known as Salesforce Live Agent[73]
Heroku (December 2010)[74]
Etacts (December 2010)[75]
Dimdim (January 2011)[76]
Manymoon (February 2011) – now known as Do.com[77]
Radian6 (March 2011) for $340M [78]
Assistly (September 21, 2011) – now known as Desk.com[79]
Model Metrics (November 2011)[80]
Rypple (December 2011)[81] – now known as Work.com
Stypi (May 2012)[82]
Buddy Media (May 2012) for US$689 million[83][84]
ChoicePass (June 2012)[85]
Thinkfuse (June 2012)[86]
BlueTail (July 2012) – now part of Data.com[87]
GoInstant (July 2012) for US$70 million[88]
Prior Knowledge (December 2012)[89]
EntropySoft (February 2013) for an undisclosed sum - now known as Salesforce Files Connect
clipboard.com (May 2013) for US$12 million[90]
ExactTarget (announced June 4, 2013) - now Marketing Cloud for US$2.5 billion[91]
EdgeSpring (June 7, 2013) - now part of the Analytics Cloud[92]
RelateIQ (July 10, 2014) for US$390 million - now known as SalesforceIQ[93]
Toopher (April 1, 2015)[94]
Tempo (app) (May 29, 2015) - now part of SalesforceIQ[95]
ÄKTA (September 2015) - for an undisclosed sum.[96]
MinHash (December 2015)[97]
SteelBrick (December 2015) for US$360 million[98]
PredictionIO (February 2016) [99]
Implisit (May 2016)[100]
Demandware (July 2016)[101]
Coolan (July 2016)[102]
Quip (August 2016) for US$750 million [103]
BeyondCore (August 2016)[104]
Gravitytank (Sep 2016)[105]
Krux (Oct 2016)[106]
Sequence (February 2017)[107]


Financials[edit]
Dollars in millions


Metric
Value
Period
Source


Basic Shares Outstanding
685
7/31/16
10Q


Cash and Cash Equivalents
1,115.226
7/31/16
10Q


Short Term Marketable Securities (Current)
59.057
7/31/16
10Q


See also[edit]

Salesforce Tower
Salesforce Tower Indianapolis
Salesforce Tower London

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 28, 2017. Retrieved April 27, 2017. 
^ "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Proxy Statement". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved June 5, 2017. 
^ "CRM stock quote - Salesforce.com Inc stock price". NASDAQ. 
^ Babcock, Charles (December 29, 2009). "Salesforce.com's Wizard Was Parker Harris and Team". InformationWeek. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Benioff, Mark (2009). Behind the Cloud: The Untold Story of How Salesforce.com Went from Idea to Billion-Dollar Company—and Revolutionized an Industry. Jossey-Bass. p. 7. ISBN 0470521163. 
^ Gerholdt, Mike (October 17, 2013). "Parker Harris on Co-Founding Salesforce.com". ButtonClick Admin. Salesforce.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Compton, Jason (June 23, 2004). "Salesforce.com IPO Raises $110 million". Destination CRM.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Fagan, Laura (October 14, 2014). "Marc Benioff Announces Salesforce Customer Success Platform, Analytics Cloud". Salesforce Blog. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Lager, Marshall (February 10, 2009). "Salesforce.com Expands the Cloud to Sales - CRM Magazine". Destinationcrm.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Launches The Service Cloud, A Customer Service SaaS Application | TechCrunch". Techcrunchit.com. January 14, 2009. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Kepes, Ben (September 1, 2010). "Salesforce Integrates Jigsaw — Refining Contact Data — Cloud Computing News". Gigaom.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Diana, Alison (June 22, 2010). "Salesforce.com Launches Chatter Collaboration Tool - Storage - Disaster recovery/business continuity". InformationWeek. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Dignan, Larry. "Salesforce launches Wave analytics cloud, boosts enterprise reach". ZDNet. Retrieved February 10, 2015. 
^ "Top Customer Relationship Management Software | 2014 Reviews of the Best Systems". Capterra.com. February 25, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2014. 
^ Rao, Leena (September 8, 2009). "Everything You Need To Know About Salesforce's Service Cloud 2". TechCrunch. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ Knorr, Eric; Gruman, Galen (April 7, 2008). "What Cloud Computing Really Means". The New York Times. IDG. Retrieved January 23, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce.com Unveils Force.com Cloud Computing Architecture". eweek.com. 
^ "Compiling Visualforce Successfully". salesforce.com. 
^ "Salesforce Spring15 Release Notes". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Developer Guide: Open Source Aura Framework". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning FAQ: Visualforce and Lightning". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Who's Who in Application Platforms for Cloud Computing: The Cloud Specialists". Gartner. September 16, 2009. 
^ Developer Keynote: Build Next Generation Apps. YouTube. November 21, 2013. 
^ Berkow, James. "HR industry feels Rypple effect". Edmonton Journal. Retrieved October 14, 2010. 
^ Abbott, Kate. "How I Got Here: Salesforce Rypple's Daniel Debow". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 27, 2012. 
^ "The Rypple effect". The Economist. Retrieved December 30, 2008. 
^ "Introducing Rypple's New CTO… Bohdan Zabawskyj". Work.com. Retrieved January 9, 2014. 
^ Clark, Don. "Spotify Rallies Workers With Help From Rypple". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 13, 2011. 
^ Goetz, Thomas (June 20, 2011). "How Facebook Uses Feedback Loops: Meet Rypple". Wired. Retrieved June 20, 2011. 
^ Rao, Leena. "Salesforce Debuts Rypple-Powered Work.com To Help Companies Manage Talent, Partners With Facebook". Techcrunch. Retrieved February 15, 2013. 
^ "Enterprise Customers Flocking to Jigsaw Data Fusion". Outbound-call-center.tmcnet.com. November 19, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Jigsaw Data not a company that follows standards, San Francisco Chronicle
^ "Salesforce Buys Customer Service SaaS Assistly For $50M To Reach Small Businesses". Techcrunch. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ "Assistly Is Now Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Salesforce launches Desk.com, slick social customer support software based on Assistly". Venturebeat. Retrieved 2012-01-30. 
^ "Salesforce sweetens the deal for growing SMBs with new Desk.com edition". PC World. Retrieved 2015-01-07. 
^ "Customer Relationship Software for Small Businesses". Salesforce.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Mailchimp for Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Desk.com steps up global focus". Computerworld. Retrieved 2015-02-26. 
^ Salesforce debuts Do.com, a smart social productivity app for small teams, VentureBeat News
^ Protalinski, Emil (October 25, 2013). "Salesforce to Shut Down Social Productivity App Do.com on January 31". The Next Web. 
^ Salesforce to shut down Do.com task management service, CiteWorld
^ Salesforce.com sells Do.com domain name to startup, DomainNameWire
^ "AppExchange - Home". Salesforce.com. March 1, 2011. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "AppExchange - Home". Appexchange.salesforce.com. Retrieved February 6, 2015. 
^ "AppExchange- Consulting Top Partners". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ Stubblebine, Tony (November 13, 2006). "An Introduction to Salesforce.com's AppExchange". O'Reilly Network. 
^ "Salesforce Developers". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Asynchronous Processing in Force.com" (PDF). Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Lightning | Salesforce Developers". developer.salesforce.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Design System". lightningdesignsystem.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ Hoge, Patrick (April 11, 2014). "Salesforce.com set to move into the West's tallest office building". Portland Business Journal. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ Finley, Klint (December 8, 2010). "Beyond Babel: Language Support in Enterprise 2.0 Products". Readwriteweb.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "CRM, the cloud, and the social enterprise". salesforce.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "History of Salesforce". Salesforce Programmers. Digital Marketing Solutions, LLC. Retrieved July 4, 2011. 
^ Martin, Eric (September 9, 2008). "Salesforce.com, Fastenal to Replace Fannie, Freddie in S&P 500". Bloomberg. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Salesforce.com to Set Up a Venture Capital Fund". The New York Times. Retrieved September 10, 2014. 
^ "Salesforce.com pulls plug on Sun's flagship Unix servers". The Register. 
^ "The biggest email provider you've never heard of". Fortune. 
^ Meyer, David. "Salesforce finally solidifies European data center plans". gigaom.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com and Oracle Announce New Strategic Partnership" (Press release). Oracle. 
^ Espiner, Tom (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce tight-lipped after phishing attack". ZDNet. 
^ Patrizio, Andy (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com Scrambles To Halt Phishing Attacks". InternetNews.com. 
^ McMillan, Robert (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com customer list stolen". IDG News Service. 
^ Berlind, David (November 6, 2007). "Phishing-based breach of salesforce.com customer data is more evidence of industry's need to act on spam. Now.". Berlind's Testbed (blog). 
^ Lohr, Steve (September 24, 2009). "Jigsaw's Business Model Is Built on Crowdsourcing". The New York Times. 
^ Arrington, Michael (December 20, 2009). "The World Has Changed. Is Jigsaw Still Evil?". Techcrunch.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ "jigsaw.com | Web Safety Ratings from McAfee SiteAdvisor". Siteadvisor.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Kepes, Ben (December 11, 2009). "Breaking: Salesforce.com Buys GroupSwim". Cloud Ave. Retrieved September 2, 2015. 
^ Whiting, Rick (February 3, 2010). "Salesforce Adds Business Process Development To Force.com". Crn.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquires Jigsaw for $142 million". ZDNet. April 21, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Brings Navajo Into Camp to Boost Cloud Security". Forbes. August 30, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Enterprise Chat Startup Activa Live". TechCrunch. September 24, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Heroku For $212 million In Cash". TechCrunch. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Email Contact Manager Etacts". TechCrunch. December 21, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce buys Dimdim for $31 million, bolsters Chatter collaboration". ZDNet. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Manymoon". All Things Digital. Retrieved January 20, 2011. 
^ Savitz, Eric (March 30, 2011). "Salesforce Buys Social Media Tracker Radian6 For $340M". Forbes. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Acquires Assistly – SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 21, 2011". California. PR Newswire. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Social And Mobile Cloud Computing Consultancy Model Metrics". TechCrunch. November 14, 2011. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Rypple For Social Employee Performance Management". InformationWeek. Retrieved December 19, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Stypi". 
^ "Salesforce Lines Up Against Oracle On Social Push; Buys Buddy Media For $689M". TechCrunch. June 4, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce to Acquire Buddy Media". Webpronews.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Corporate 'perks' Software Vendor ChoicePass". PC World. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires TechStars And TechCrunch Disrupt Alum Thinkfuse". TechCrunch. June 25, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquired BlueTail in July, AllThingsD reports". Yahoo! Finance. September 11, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce.com Reported To Buy GoInstant For $70 Million". TechCrunch. July 9, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Grant, Rebecca (November 23, 2012). "Salesforce to predict the future with the power of Prior Knowledge". VentureBeat. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ "Web Clipping Service Clipboard Acquired By Salesforce For $12M, Will Be Shuttered On June 30th". TechCrunch. May 9, 2013. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "ExactTarget to be Acquired in $2.5 Billion Deal - Newsroom - Inside INdiana Business with Gerry Dick". InsideINdianaBusiness.com. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "After Picking Up ExactTarget, Salesforce Buys Enterprise Business Intelligence And Analytics Startup EdgeSpring". TechCrunch. June 7, 2013. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Big Data Startup RelateIQ For Up To $390M". TechCrunch. July 10, 2014. 
^ "Mobile Authentication Startup Toopher Acquired By Salesforce". TechCrunch. April 1, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Smart Calendar Startup Tempo, App Will Shut Down On June 30". TechCrunch. May 29, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce acquires application development consulting firm AKTA". VentureBeat. September 2, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Has Acquired MinHash, Creators Of The AILA Virtual Marketing Assistant". TechCrunch. December 14, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires SteelBrick". Steelbrick. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires PredictionIO To Build Up Its Machine Learning Muscle". TechCrunch. February 19, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce just bought a startup for 'tens of millions' of dollars, adding to its buying spree". Business Insider. Retrieved July 24, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Demandware". Demandware. June 1, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires data center analytics startup Coolan". VentureBeat. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce buys word processing app Quip for $750M". TechCrunch. August 1, 2016. 
^ "Another Salesforce acquisition with BeyondCore enterprise analytics grab". TechCrunch. August 16, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce adds to its $4 billion spending spree by quietly buying another company". Yahoo! Finance. September 15, 2016. 
^ "Susan Bidel's Blog". blogs.forrester.com. Retrieved October 13, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires Sequence to build out its UX design services". TechCrunch. Retrieved February 1, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Salesforce.com.



Official website



Business data for Salesforce.com: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Cloud computing



Applications



Box
Enstratius
Google

G Suite
Docs, Sheets and Slides


HP Cloud (closed)
Microsoft Online
Rackspace
Salesforce





Platforms



Alpha7
Amazon
AppScale
Box
Bluemix
Cloud Foundry
Cocaine (PaaS)
Engine Yard
Enstratius
eXo Platform
Helion
GE Predix
Google App Engine
GreenQloud
Heroku
Inktank
Jelastic
Mendix
Microsoft Azure
OutSystems
openQRM
OpenShift
RightScale
Force.com
SAP Cloud Platform
VMware vCloud Air





Infrastructure



Amazon
Abiquo Enterprise Edition
CloudStack
DigitalOcean
EMC Atmos
Enstratius
Eucalyptus
Fujitsu
GoGrid
Google Cloud Platform
GreenButton
GreenQloud
IBM cloud computing
iland
Joyent
Lunacloud
Nimbula
Nimbus
OpenNebula
OpenStack
OrionVM
Rackspace Cloud
SoftLayer
Zadara Storage
libvirt
libguestfs
OVirt
Virtual Machine Manager
Wakame-vdc
Virtual Private Cloud OnDemand





Technologies



Cloud database
Data centers
Distributed file system for cloud
Hardware virtualization
Internet
Networking
Security
Structured storage
Virtual appliance
Web APIs
Virtual Private Clouds








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Salesforce.com&oldid=791184294"					
Categories: 2004 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesCustomer relationship management softwareSoftware companies based in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoSoftware companies established in 1999Cloud applicationsCloud computing providersBusiness services companies established in 1999Cloud infrastructure attacks & failuresHidden categories: Wikipedia introduction cleanup from June 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from June 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse mdy dates from July 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from May 2015All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing POV-check from June 2017All NPOV disputes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתҚазақшаNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 17:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









salesforce.com - Wikipedia






















 






salesforce.com

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (June 2017)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



salesforce.com, inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CRM
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Software


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)


Founder
Marc Benioff
Parker Harris


Headquarters
The Landmark
San Francisco, California, U.S.



Key people

Marc Benioff
(Chairman & CEO)
Parker Harris
(Exec. VP of Technology)


Products
Sales Cloud
Service Cloud
Platform
Marketing Cloud


Services
Cloud computing
Social enterprise solutions


Revenue
 US$8.39 billion (2017)[1]



Operating income

 US$61.74 million (2017)[1]



Net income

 US$179.63 million (2017)[1]


Total assets
 US$17.58 billion (2017)[1]


Total equity
 US$7.50 billion (2017)[1]


Owner
Marc Benioff (5.3%)[2]



Number of employees

25,178 (2017)[1]


Subsidiaries
Quip
Demandware
Heroku


Website
salesforce.com


salesforce.com, inc. (styled in its logo as salesƒorce; abbreviated usually as SF or SFDC) is an American cloud computing company headquartered in San Francisco, California. Though its revenue comes from a customer relationship management (CRM) product, Salesforce also capitalizes on commercial applications of social networking through acquisition. As of early 2016, it is one of the most highly valued American cloud computing companies with a market capitalization above $61 billion.[3]
Its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the symbol CRM and is a constituent of the S&P 500 Index.



Contents


1 History
2 Services

2.1 Salesforce
2.2 Force.com
2.3 Work.com
2.4 Data.com
2.5 Desk.com
2.6 Do.com
2.7 AppExchange
2.8 Configuration
2.9 Web services


3 Technologies

3.1 Apex
3.2 Visualforce
3.3 Lightning


4 Operations

4.1 Venture capital fund
4.2 IT infrastructure


5 Criticisms
6 Acquisitions
7 Financials
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1999 by former Oracle executive Marc Benioff, Parker Harris, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez as a company specializing in software as a service (SaaS).[4] Harris, Moellenhoff and Dominguez, three software developers previously at consulting firm Left Coast Software, were introduced to Benioff through friend and former Oracle colleague Bobby Yazdani.[5] Harris and team wrote the initial sales automation software, which launched to its first customers in the fall of 1999.[6]
In June 2004 the company's initial public offering was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol CRM and raised US$110 million.[7] Early investors include Magdalena Yesil, Larry Ellison, Halsey Minor, Stewart Henderson, Mark Iscaro, and Igor Sill of Geneva Venture Partners, as well as Nancy Pelosi.
In October 2014, Salesforce announced the development of its Customer Success Platform to tie together Salesforce's services, including sales, service, marketing, analytics, community, and mobile apps.[8]
Services[edit]
Salesforce.com's customer relationship management (CRM) service is broken down into several broad categories: Commerce Cloud, Sales Cloud,[9] Service Cloud,[10] Data Cloud[11] (including Jigsaw), Marketing Cloud, Community Cloud[12] (including Chatter), Analytics Cloud,[13] App Cloud, and IoT with over 100,000 customers.[14]
Salesforce[edit]
Salesforce is the primary enterprise offering within the Salesforce1 Platform. It provides companies with an interface for case management and task management, and a system for automatically routing and escalating important events. The Salesforce customer portal provides customers the ability to track their own cases, includes a social networking plug-in that enables the user to join the conversation about their company on social networking websites, provides analytical tools and other services including email alert, Google search, and access to customers' entitlement and contracts.[15]
Force.com[edit]
Force.com is a platform as a service (PaaS) that allows developers to create multitenant (single instance of software runs on a server and serves multiple tenants) add-on applications that integrate into the main Salesforce.com application.[16] Force.com applications are hosted on Salesforce.com's infrastructure.[17]
Force.com applications are built using Apex (a proprietary Java-like programming language for Force.com) and Visualforce (an XML[18] syntax typically used to generate HTML). The Force.com platform receives three complete releases a year. As the platform is provided as a service to its developers, every single development instance also receives all these updates.
In the Spring 2015 release a new framework for building user interfaces - Lightning Components - was introduced in beta.[19] Lightning components are built using the open-source Aura Framework[20] but with support for Apex as the server-side language instead of Aura's Javascript dependency. This has been described as an alternative to, not necessarily a replacement for, Visualforce pages.[21]
According to a September 2009 Gartner Group report,[22] Force.com had over 1,000 customer accounts. As of 2013, the Force.com platform has 1.4 million registered developers.[23]
Work.com[edit]
Work.com, previously Rypple, is a social performance management platform that helps managers and employees improve work performance through continuous coaching, real-time feedback, and recognition.[24] It is marketed as a solution for sales performance, customer service, marketing, and as a service that can be employed by human resource departments.
Work.com, then known as "Rypple", was founded by Daniel Debow and David Stein, who wanted to create a simple way of asking for feedback anonymously at work.[25] The company was formed in May 2008 and their client list included Mozilla, Facebook, LinkedIn and the Gilt Groupe. Rypple "'reverses the onus on the demand for more feedback' by getting employees to build and manage their own coaching networks".[26]
In September 2011, Rypple announced that they had hired Bohdan Zabawskyj as its Chief Technology Officer.[27]
In 2011, Rypple developed a more formalized management methodology called OKR ("Objectives and Key Results") for Spotify.[28] Rypple also partnered with Facebook to create "Loops", short for "feedback loops", which gathers feedback from co-workers, "thank you's", progress against goals, and coaching from supervisors into one channel for a "rich, robust, continuous performance review".[29]
In December 2011, Salesforce.com announced that they would acquire Rypple. The transaction was completed in 2012 and Rypple was rebranded as Work.com in September 2012.[30]
Data.com[edit]
Data.com, previously known as Jigsaw, is a cloud-based automated system for acquiring and managing CRM records within a user's Salesforce.com account.[31]
Data.com is also an online business directory of companies and business professionals that is built, maintained and accessed by a worldwide community of over a million subscribers.[32] A large database allows members to exchange and share the business information of more than 29 million contacts from over 4 million companies. This information consists of what is commonly found on a business card.
Data.com utilizes a user-generated database that's continually updated by its members. Data.com's contacts act as a virtual business card, offering name, title, postal and email addresses and direct-dial phone numbers for individual contacts.
Desk.com[edit]
Desk.com is a saas help desk and customer support product accessible through the cloud. Desk.com is owned by Salesforce.com and was previously known as Assistly. Desk.com is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
After being acquired by Salesforce.com for $50 million in 2011 [33] Assistly was re-branded as Desk.com in 2012 [34] as a "slick social customer support software". [35]
Desk.com is a Saas customer service application. The product differentiates itself from Salesforce's other service platform in that Desk.com specifically targets small businesses with its features and functions. [36] Desk.com integrates with a variety of products and third-party applications including Salesforce CRM, Salesforce IQ,[37] Atlassian JIRA, Mailchimp [38] and other apps. Desk.com also supports up to 50 languages. [39]
Do.com[edit]
Do.com was a cloud-based task management system for small groups and businesses, introduced in 2011 and discontinued in 2014.[40][41][42] Salesforce did not offer any reason for shutting down the service, however it provided an Export tool to save data entered within the Do.com interface. The Do.com domain was sold to a startup in 2014.[43]
AppExchange[edit]
Launched in 2005, the Salesforce AppExchange is an online application marketplace for third-party applications that run on the Force.com platform. Applications are available for free, as well as yearly or monthly subscription models. Applications available range from integrations with Sharepoint to mobile approval management.[44] As of February 2015, it features 2,658 applications which have driven a total of over 2.8 million installs.[45] The "AppExchange" is also a place customers can search for cloud consulting partners to help them implement the technology in their own organisation. Cloud consulting partners for Salesforce include large companies like IBM's "Bluewolf" and Accenture as well as smaller ones like Cloudreach.[46]
Configuration[edit]
Salesforce users can configure their CRM application. In the system, there are tabs such as "Contacts", "Reports", and "Accounts". Each tab contains associated information. Configuration can be done on each tab by adding user-defined custom fields.[47]
Configuration can also be done at the "platform" level by adding configured applications to a Salesforce instance, that is adding sets of customized / novel tabs for specific vertical- or function-level (Finance, Human Resources, etc.) features.
Web services[edit]
In addition to the web interface, Salesforce.com offers a SOAP/REST Web service API that enables integration with other systems.
Technologies[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Apex[edit]
Apex is a proprietary programming language provided by the Force.com platform to developers similar to Java and C#. It is a strongly typed, object-oriented, case-insensitive programming language, following a dot-notation and curly-brackets syntax. Apex can be used to execute programmed functions during most processes on the Force.com platform including custom buttons and links, event handlers on record insertion, update, or deletion, via scheduling, or via the custom controllers of Visualforce pages.
Due to the multitenant nature of the platform, the language has strictly imposed governor limitations[48] to guard against any code monopolizing shared resources. Salesforce provides a series of asynchronous processing methods for Apex to allow developers to produce longer running and more complex Apex code.[49]
Visualforce[edit]
Visualforce is the view control technology on the Force.com
Lightning[edit]
In 2014, Salesforce made public the frontend of its platform, called Lightning.[50] This component based framework is what the Salesforce1 mobile app is built on and customers are now able to build on it as well. Salesforce built on this framework in 2015 by releasing the Lightning Design System,[51] an HTML style framework with default CSS styling built in. This framework allows customers to build their own components to either use in their internal instances or sell on the AppExchange.
One of the new tools released is known as the Salesforce Lightning App Builder for rapid application development of responsive web interfaces. This interface allows for different screens to be put together based on Lightning components. This can be used as layouts for records or specific applications.
Operations[edit]




A discussion panel at Salesforce's Customer Company Tour event that focused on customer relationship management


Salesforce.com is headquartered in San Francisco, with regional headquarters in Morges, Switzerland (covering Europe, Middle East, and Africa, Singapore), India (covering Asia Pacific minus Japan), and Tokyo (covering Japan). Other major offices are in Toronto, Chicago, New York City, London, Sydney, Dublin, Hyderabad, San Mateo, California and Hillsboro, Oregon.[52] Salesforce.com has its services translated into 16[53] different languages and as of July 31, 2011, had 104,000[54] customers and over 2.1 million subscribers.[55] Salesforce will be moving its Midwest Regional headquarters to Indianapolis in 2017.
Standard & Poor's included Salesforce.com, at the same time as Fastenal, into the S&P 500 index in September 2008, following the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and their removal from the index.[56]
Venture capital fund[edit]
The company announced in September 2014 that it had set up a venture capital arm to fund start-ups creating apps primarily for mobile phones.[57]
IT infrastructure[edit]
Salesforce.com migrated to Dell servers with AMD processors running Linux from Sun Fire E25K servers with SPARC processors running Solaris in 2008.[58] The company uses the Momentum platform from Message Systems to allow its customers to send large amounts of email.[59]
In 2012, Salesforce.com announced plans to build a data center in the UK to handle European citizens' personal data.[60]
In 2013, Salesforce.com and Oracle announced a nine-year partnership in which Salesforce.com will use Oracle Linux, Oracle Exadata, Oracle Database, and the Java platform to power salesforce.com's applications and SaaS platform.[61]
Criticisms[edit]





This article's Criticism or Controversy section may compromise the article's neutral point of view of the subject. Please integrate the section's contents into the article as a whole, or rewrite the material. (June 2017)


In November 2007, a successful phishing attack on a salesforce.com employee compromised contact information on a number of salesforce.com customers, which was then used to send highly targeted phishing emails.[62][63][64] The phishing breach was cited as an example of why the CRM industry needs greater security for users against such threats as spam.[65]
While the crowd-sourced method of building business contacts[66] has proven popular with recruiters, marketers and sales professionals, it has also raised questions of privacy as most of the site's database is entered without permission from the person being listed. Data.com does, however, make it easy to remove business information on request as noted in December 2009 by TechCrunch.[67] However, recipients of these messages regard it as spam and at least one complaint about receiving more spam after attempting to remove one's address have been noted.[68]
Acquisitions[edit]
The following is a list of acquisitions by salesforce.com:


Sendia (April 2006) – now Salesforce Classic
Kieden (August 2006) – now Salesforce for Google AdWords
Kenlet (January 2007) – original product CrispyNews used at Salesforce IdeaExchange and Dell IdeaStorm – now relaunched as Salesforce Ideas
Koral (March 2007) – now Salesforce Content
Instranet (August 2008) for $31.5 million – now re-branded to Salesforce Knowledge
GroupSwim (December 2009) – now part of Salesforce Chatter[69]
Informavores (December 2009)[70] – now re-branded to Visual Workflow
Jigsaw Data Corp. (April 2010),[71] – now known as Data.com
Sitemasher (June 2010) – now known as Site.com
Navajo Security (August 2011)[72]
Activa Live Chat (September 2010) – now known as Salesforce Live Agent[73]
Heroku (December 2010)[74]
Etacts (December 2010)[75]
Dimdim (January 2011)[76]
Manymoon (February 2011) – now known as Do.com[77]
Radian6 (March 2011) for $340M [78]
Assistly (September 21, 2011) – now known as Desk.com[79]
Model Metrics (November 2011)[80]
Rypple (December 2011)[81] – now known as Work.com
Stypi (May 2012)[82]
Buddy Media (May 2012) for US$689 million[83][84]
ChoicePass (June 2012)[85]
Thinkfuse (June 2012)[86]
BlueTail (July 2012) – now part of Data.com[87]
GoInstant (July 2012) for US$70 million[88]
Prior Knowledge (December 2012)[89]
EntropySoft (February 2013) for an undisclosed sum - now known as Salesforce Files Connect
clipboard.com (May 2013) for US$12 million[90]
ExactTarget (announced June 4, 2013) - now Marketing Cloud for US$2.5 billion[91]
EdgeSpring (June 7, 2013) - now part of the Analytics Cloud[92]
RelateIQ (July 10, 2014) for US$390 million - now known as SalesforceIQ[93]
Toopher (April 1, 2015)[94]
Tempo (app) (May 29, 2015) - now part of SalesforceIQ[95]
ÄKTA (September 2015) - for an undisclosed sum.[96]
MinHash (December 2015)[97]
SteelBrick (December 2015) for US$360 million[98]
PredictionIO (February 2016) [99]
Implisit (May 2016)[100]
Demandware (July 2016)[101]
Coolan (July 2016)[102]
Quip (August 2016) for US$750 million [103]
BeyondCore (August 2016)[104]
Gravitytank (Sep 2016)[105]
Krux (Oct 2016)[106]
Sequence (February 2017)[107]


Financials[edit]
Dollars in millions


Metric
Value
Period
Source


Basic Shares Outstanding
685
7/31/16
10Q


Cash and Cash Equivalents
1,115.226
7/31/16
10Q


Short Term Marketable Securities (Current)
59.057
7/31/16
10Q


See also[edit]

Salesforce Tower
Salesforce Tower Indianapolis
Salesforce Tower London

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 28, 2017. Retrieved April 27, 2017. 
^ "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Proxy Statement". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved June 5, 2017. 
^ "CRM stock quote - Salesforce.com Inc stock price". NASDAQ. 
^ Babcock, Charles (December 29, 2009). "Salesforce.com's Wizard Was Parker Harris and Team". InformationWeek. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Benioff, Mark (2009). Behind the Cloud: The Untold Story of How Salesforce.com Went from Idea to Billion-Dollar Company—and Revolutionized an Industry. Jossey-Bass. p. 7. ISBN 0470521163. 
^ Gerholdt, Mike (October 17, 2013). "Parker Harris on Co-Founding Salesforce.com". ButtonClick Admin. Salesforce.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Compton, Jason (June 23, 2004). "Salesforce.com IPO Raises $110 million". Destination CRM.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Fagan, Laura (October 14, 2014). "Marc Benioff Announces Salesforce Customer Success Platform, Analytics Cloud". Salesforce Blog. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Lager, Marshall (February 10, 2009). "Salesforce.com Expands the Cloud to Sales - CRM Magazine". Destinationcrm.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Launches The Service Cloud, A Customer Service SaaS Application | TechCrunch". Techcrunchit.com. January 14, 2009. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Kepes, Ben (September 1, 2010). "Salesforce Integrates Jigsaw — Refining Contact Data — Cloud Computing News". Gigaom.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Diana, Alison (June 22, 2010). "Salesforce.com Launches Chatter Collaboration Tool - Storage - Disaster recovery/business continuity". InformationWeek. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Dignan, Larry. "Salesforce launches Wave analytics cloud, boosts enterprise reach". ZDNet. Retrieved February 10, 2015. 
^ "Top Customer Relationship Management Software | 2014 Reviews of the Best Systems". Capterra.com. February 25, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2014. 
^ Rao, Leena (September 8, 2009). "Everything You Need To Know About Salesforce's Service Cloud 2". TechCrunch. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ Knorr, Eric; Gruman, Galen (April 7, 2008). "What Cloud Computing Really Means". The New York Times. IDG. Retrieved January 23, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce.com Unveils Force.com Cloud Computing Architecture". eweek.com. 
^ "Compiling Visualforce Successfully". salesforce.com. 
^ "Salesforce Spring15 Release Notes". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Developer Guide: Open Source Aura Framework". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning FAQ: Visualforce and Lightning". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Who's Who in Application Platforms for Cloud Computing: The Cloud Specialists". Gartner. September 16, 2009. 
^ Developer Keynote: Build Next Generation Apps. YouTube. November 21, 2013. 
^ Berkow, James. "HR industry feels Rypple effect". Edmonton Journal. Retrieved October 14, 2010. 
^ Abbott, Kate. "How I Got Here: Salesforce Rypple's Daniel Debow". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 27, 2012. 
^ "The Rypple effect". The Economist. Retrieved December 30, 2008. 
^ "Introducing Rypple's New CTO… Bohdan Zabawskyj". Work.com. Retrieved January 9, 2014. 
^ Clark, Don. "Spotify Rallies Workers With Help From Rypple". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 13, 2011. 
^ Goetz, Thomas (June 20, 2011). "How Facebook Uses Feedback Loops: Meet Rypple". Wired. Retrieved June 20, 2011. 
^ Rao, Leena. "Salesforce Debuts Rypple-Powered Work.com To Help Companies Manage Talent, Partners With Facebook". Techcrunch. Retrieved February 15, 2013. 
^ "Enterprise Customers Flocking to Jigsaw Data Fusion". Outbound-call-center.tmcnet.com. November 19, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Jigsaw Data not a company that follows standards, San Francisco Chronicle
^ "Salesforce Buys Customer Service SaaS Assistly For $50M To Reach Small Businesses". Techcrunch. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ "Assistly Is Now Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Salesforce launches Desk.com, slick social customer support software based on Assistly". Venturebeat. Retrieved 2012-01-30. 
^ "Salesforce sweetens the deal for growing SMBs with new Desk.com edition". PC World. Retrieved 2015-01-07. 
^ "Customer Relationship Software for Small Businesses". Salesforce.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Mailchimp for Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Desk.com steps up global focus". Computerworld. Retrieved 2015-02-26. 
^ Salesforce debuts Do.com, a smart social productivity app for small teams, VentureBeat News
^ Protalinski, Emil (October 25, 2013). "Salesforce to Shut Down Social Productivity App Do.com on January 31". The Next Web. 
^ Salesforce to shut down Do.com task management service, CiteWorld
^ Salesforce.com sells Do.com domain name to startup, DomainNameWire
^ "AppExchange - Home". Salesforce.com. March 1, 2011. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "AppExchange - Home". Appexchange.salesforce.com. Retrieved February 6, 2015. 
^ "AppExchange- Consulting Top Partners". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ Stubblebine, Tony (November 13, 2006). "An Introduction to Salesforce.com's AppExchange". O'Reilly Network. 
^ "Salesforce Developers". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Asynchronous Processing in Force.com" (PDF). Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Lightning | Salesforce Developers". developer.salesforce.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Design System". lightningdesignsystem.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ Hoge, Patrick (April 11, 2014). "Salesforce.com set to move into the West's tallest office building". Portland Business Journal. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ Finley, Klint (December 8, 2010). "Beyond Babel: Language Support in Enterprise 2.0 Products". Readwriteweb.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "CRM, the cloud, and the social enterprise". salesforce.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "History of Salesforce". Salesforce Programmers. Digital Marketing Solutions, LLC. Retrieved July 4, 2011. 
^ Martin, Eric (September 9, 2008). "Salesforce.com, Fastenal to Replace Fannie, Freddie in S&P 500". Bloomberg. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Salesforce.com to Set Up a Venture Capital Fund". The New York Times. Retrieved September 10, 2014. 
^ "Salesforce.com pulls plug on Sun's flagship Unix servers". The Register. 
^ "The biggest email provider you've never heard of". Fortune. 
^ Meyer, David. "Salesforce finally solidifies European data center plans". gigaom.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com and Oracle Announce New Strategic Partnership" (Press release). Oracle. 
^ Espiner, Tom (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce tight-lipped after phishing attack". ZDNet. 
^ Patrizio, Andy (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com Scrambles To Halt Phishing Attacks". InternetNews.com. 
^ McMillan, Robert (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com customer list stolen". IDG News Service. 
^ Berlind, David (November 6, 2007). "Phishing-based breach of salesforce.com customer data is more evidence of industry's need to act on spam. Now.". Berlind's Testbed (blog). 
^ Lohr, Steve (September 24, 2009). "Jigsaw's Business Model Is Built on Crowdsourcing". The New York Times. 
^ Arrington, Michael (December 20, 2009). "The World Has Changed. Is Jigsaw Still Evil?". Techcrunch.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ "jigsaw.com | Web Safety Ratings from McAfee SiteAdvisor". Siteadvisor.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Kepes, Ben (December 11, 2009). "Breaking: Salesforce.com Buys GroupSwim". Cloud Ave. Retrieved September 2, 2015. 
^ Whiting, Rick (February 3, 2010). "Salesforce Adds Business Process Development To Force.com". Crn.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquires Jigsaw for $142 million". ZDNet. April 21, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Brings Navajo Into Camp to Boost Cloud Security". Forbes. August 30, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Enterprise Chat Startup Activa Live". TechCrunch. September 24, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Heroku For $212 million In Cash". TechCrunch. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Email Contact Manager Etacts". TechCrunch. December 21, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce buys Dimdim for $31 million, bolsters Chatter collaboration". ZDNet. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Manymoon". All Things Digital. Retrieved January 20, 2011. 
^ Savitz, Eric (March 30, 2011). "Salesforce Buys Social Media Tracker Radian6 For $340M". Forbes. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Acquires Assistly – SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 21, 2011". California. PR Newswire. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Social And Mobile Cloud Computing Consultancy Model Metrics". TechCrunch. November 14, 2011. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Rypple For Social Employee Performance Management". InformationWeek. Retrieved December 19, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Stypi". 
^ "Salesforce Lines Up Against Oracle On Social Push; Buys Buddy Media For $689M". TechCrunch. June 4, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce to Acquire Buddy Media". Webpronews.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Corporate 'perks' Software Vendor ChoicePass". PC World. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires TechStars And TechCrunch Disrupt Alum Thinkfuse". TechCrunch. June 25, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquired BlueTail in July, AllThingsD reports". Yahoo! Finance. September 11, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce.com Reported To Buy GoInstant For $70 Million". TechCrunch. July 9, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Grant, Rebecca (November 23, 2012). "Salesforce to predict the future with the power of Prior Knowledge". VentureBeat. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ "Web Clipping Service Clipboard Acquired By Salesforce For $12M, Will Be Shuttered On June 30th". TechCrunch. May 9, 2013. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "ExactTarget to be Acquired in $2.5 Billion Deal - Newsroom - Inside INdiana Business with Gerry Dick". InsideINdianaBusiness.com. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "After Picking Up ExactTarget, Salesforce Buys Enterprise Business Intelligence And Analytics Startup EdgeSpring". TechCrunch. June 7, 2013. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Big Data Startup RelateIQ For Up To $390M". TechCrunch. July 10, 2014. 
^ "Mobile Authentication Startup Toopher Acquired By Salesforce". TechCrunch. April 1, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Smart Calendar Startup Tempo, App Will Shut Down On June 30". TechCrunch. May 29, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce acquires application development consulting firm AKTA". VentureBeat. September 2, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Has Acquired MinHash, Creators Of The AILA Virtual Marketing Assistant". TechCrunch. December 14, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires SteelBrick". Steelbrick. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires PredictionIO To Build Up Its Machine Learning Muscle". TechCrunch. February 19, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce just bought a startup for 'tens of millions' of dollars, adding to its buying spree". Business Insider. Retrieved July 24, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Demandware". Demandware. June 1, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires data center analytics startup Coolan". VentureBeat. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce buys word processing app Quip for $750M". TechCrunch. August 1, 2016. 
^ "Another Salesforce acquisition with BeyondCore enterprise analytics grab". TechCrunch. August 16, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce adds to its $4 billion spending spree by quietly buying another company". Yahoo! Finance. September 15, 2016. 
^ "Susan Bidel's Blog". blogs.forrester.com. Retrieved October 13, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires Sequence to build out its UX design services". TechCrunch. Retrieved February 1, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Salesforce.com.



Official website



Business data for Salesforce.com: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Cloud computing



Applications



Box
Enstratius
Google

G Suite
Docs, Sheets and Slides


HP Cloud (closed)
Microsoft Online
Rackspace
Salesforce





Platforms



Alpha7
Amazon
AppScale
Box
Bluemix
Cloud Foundry
Cocaine (PaaS)
Engine Yard
Enstratius
eXo Platform
Helion
GE Predix
Google App Engine
GreenQloud
Heroku
Inktank
Jelastic
Mendix
Microsoft Azure
OutSystems
openQRM
OpenShift
RightScale
Force.com
SAP Cloud Platform
VMware vCloud Air





Infrastructure



Amazon
Abiquo Enterprise Edition
CloudStack
DigitalOcean
EMC Atmos
Enstratius
Eucalyptus
Fujitsu
GoGrid
Google Cloud Platform
GreenButton
GreenQloud
IBM cloud computing
iland
Joyent
Lunacloud
Nimbula
Nimbus
OpenNebula
OpenStack
OrionVM
Rackspace Cloud
SoftLayer
Zadara Storage
libvirt
libguestfs
OVirt
Virtual Machine Manager
Wakame-vdc
Virtual Private Cloud OnDemand





Technologies



Cloud database
Data centers
Distributed file system for cloud
Hardware virtualization
Internet
Networking
Security
Structured storage
Virtual appliance
Web APIs
Virtual Private Clouds








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Salesforce.com&oldid=791184294"					
Categories: 2004 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesCustomer relationship management softwareSoftware companies based in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoSoftware companies established in 1999Cloud applicationsCloud computing providersBusiness services companies established in 1999Cloud infrastructure attacks & failuresHidden categories: Wikipedia introduction cleanup from June 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from June 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse mdy dates from July 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from May 2015All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing POV-check from June 2017All NPOV disputes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתҚазақшаNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 17:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









salesforce.com - Wikipedia






















 






salesforce.com

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (June 2017)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



salesforce.com, inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CRM
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Software


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)


Founder
Marc Benioff
Parker Harris


Headquarters
The Landmark
San Francisco, California, U.S.



Key people

Marc Benioff
(Chairman & CEO)
Parker Harris
(Exec. VP of Technology)


Products
Sales Cloud
Service Cloud
Platform
Marketing Cloud


Services
Cloud computing
Social enterprise solutions


Revenue
 US$8.39 billion (2017)[1]



Operating income

 US$61.74 million (2017)[1]



Net income

 US$179.63 million (2017)[1]


Total assets
 US$17.58 billion (2017)[1]


Total equity
 US$7.50 billion (2017)[1]


Owner
Marc Benioff (5.3%)[2]



Number of employees

25,178 (2017)[1]


Subsidiaries
Quip
Demandware
Heroku


Website
salesforce.com


salesforce.com, inc. (styled in its logo as salesƒorce; abbreviated usually as SF or SFDC) is an American cloud computing company headquartered in San Francisco, California. Though its revenue comes from a customer relationship management (CRM) product, Salesforce also capitalizes on commercial applications of social networking through acquisition. As of early 2016, it is one of the most highly valued American cloud computing companies with a market capitalization above $61 billion.[3]
Its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the symbol CRM and is a constituent of the S&P 500 Index.



Contents


1 History
2 Services

2.1 Salesforce
2.2 Force.com
2.3 Work.com
2.4 Data.com
2.5 Desk.com
2.6 Do.com
2.7 AppExchange
2.8 Configuration
2.9 Web services


3 Technologies

3.1 Apex
3.2 Visualforce
3.3 Lightning


4 Operations

4.1 Venture capital fund
4.2 IT infrastructure


5 Criticisms
6 Acquisitions
7 Financials
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1999 by former Oracle executive Marc Benioff, Parker Harris, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez as a company specializing in software as a service (SaaS).[4] Harris, Moellenhoff and Dominguez, three software developers previously at consulting firm Left Coast Software, were introduced to Benioff through friend and former Oracle colleague Bobby Yazdani.[5] Harris and team wrote the initial sales automation software, which launched to its first customers in the fall of 1999.[6]
In June 2004 the company's initial public offering was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol CRM and raised US$110 million.[7] Early investors include Magdalena Yesil, Larry Ellison, Halsey Minor, Stewart Henderson, Mark Iscaro, and Igor Sill of Geneva Venture Partners, as well as Nancy Pelosi.
In October 2014, Salesforce announced the development of its Customer Success Platform to tie together Salesforce's services, including sales, service, marketing, analytics, community, and mobile apps.[8]
Services[edit]
Salesforce.com's customer relationship management (CRM) service is broken down into several broad categories: Commerce Cloud, Sales Cloud,[9] Service Cloud,[10] Data Cloud[11] (including Jigsaw), Marketing Cloud, Community Cloud[12] (including Chatter), Analytics Cloud,[13] App Cloud, and IoT with over 100,000 customers.[14]
Salesforce[edit]
Salesforce is the primary enterprise offering within the Salesforce1 Platform. It provides companies with an interface for case management and task management, and a system for automatically routing and escalating important events. The Salesforce customer portal provides customers the ability to track their own cases, includes a social networking plug-in that enables the user to join the conversation about their company on social networking websites, provides analytical tools and other services including email alert, Google search, and access to customers' entitlement and contracts.[15]
Force.com[edit]
Force.com is a platform as a service (PaaS) that allows developers to create multitenant (single instance of software runs on a server and serves multiple tenants) add-on applications that integrate into the main Salesforce.com application.[16] Force.com applications are hosted on Salesforce.com's infrastructure.[17]
Force.com applications are built using Apex (a proprietary Java-like programming language for Force.com) and Visualforce (an XML[18] syntax typically used to generate HTML). The Force.com platform receives three complete releases a year. As the platform is provided as a service to its developers, every single development instance also receives all these updates.
In the Spring 2015 release a new framework for building user interfaces - Lightning Components - was introduced in beta.[19] Lightning components are built using the open-source Aura Framework[20] but with support for Apex as the server-side language instead of Aura's Javascript dependency. This has been described as an alternative to, not necessarily a replacement for, Visualforce pages.[21]
According to a September 2009 Gartner Group report,[22] Force.com had over 1,000 customer accounts. As of 2013, the Force.com platform has 1.4 million registered developers.[23]
Work.com[edit]
Work.com, previously Rypple, is a social performance management platform that helps managers and employees improve work performance through continuous coaching, real-time feedback, and recognition.[24] It is marketed as a solution for sales performance, customer service, marketing, and as a service that can be employed by human resource departments.
Work.com, then known as "Rypple", was founded by Daniel Debow and David Stein, who wanted to create a simple way of asking for feedback anonymously at work.[25] The company was formed in May 2008 and their client list included Mozilla, Facebook, LinkedIn and the Gilt Groupe. Rypple "'reverses the onus on the demand for more feedback' by getting employees to build and manage their own coaching networks".[26]
In September 2011, Rypple announced that they had hired Bohdan Zabawskyj as its Chief Technology Officer.[27]
In 2011, Rypple developed a more formalized management methodology called OKR ("Objectives and Key Results") for Spotify.[28] Rypple also partnered with Facebook to create "Loops", short for "feedback loops", which gathers feedback from co-workers, "thank you's", progress against goals, and coaching from supervisors into one channel for a "rich, robust, continuous performance review".[29]
In December 2011, Salesforce.com announced that they would acquire Rypple. The transaction was completed in 2012 and Rypple was rebranded as Work.com in September 2012.[30]
Data.com[edit]
Data.com, previously known as Jigsaw, is a cloud-based automated system for acquiring and managing CRM records within a user's Salesforce.com account.[31]
Data.com is also an online business directory of companies and business professionals that is built, maintained and accessed by a worldwide community of over a million subscribers.[32] A large database allows members to exchange and share the business information of more than 29 million contacts from over 4 million companies. This information consists of what is commonly found on a business card.
Data.com utilizes a user-generated database that's continually updated by its members. Data.com's contacts act as a virtual business card, offering name, title, postal and email addresses and direct-dial phone numbers for individual contacts.
Desk.com[edit]
Desk.com is a saas help desk and customer support product accessible through the cloud. Desk.com is owned by Salesforce.com and was previously known as Assistly. Desk.com is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
After being acquired by Salesforce.com for $50 million in 2011 [33] Assistly was re-branded as Desk.com in 2012 [34] as a "slick social customer support software". [35]
Desk.com is a Saas customer service application. The product differentiates itself from Salesforce's other service platform in that Desk.com specifically targets small businesses with its features and functions. [36] Desk.com integrates with a variety of products and third-party applications including Salesforce CRM, Salesforce IQ,[37] Atlassian JIRA, Mailchimp [38] and other apps. Desk.com also supports up to 50 languages. [39]
Do.com[edit]
Do.com was a cloud-based task management system for small groups and businesses, introduced in 2011 and discontinued in 2014.[40][41][42] Salesforce did not offer any reason for shutting down the service, however it provided an Export tool to save data entered within the Do.com interface. The Do.com domain was sold to a startup in 2014.[43]
AppExchange[edit]
Launched in 2005, the Salesforce AppExchange is an online application marketplace for third-party applications that run on the Force.com platform. Applications are available for free, as well as yearly or monthly subscription models. Applications available range from integrations with Sharepoint to mobile approval management.[44] As of February 2015, it features 2,658 applications which have driven a total of over 2.8 million installs.[45] The "AppExchange" is also a place customers can search for cloud consulting partners to help them implement the technology in their own organisation. Cloud consulting partners for Salesforce include large companies like IBM's "Bluewolf" and Accenture as well as smaller ones like Cloudreach.[46]
Configuration[edit]
Salesforce users can configure their CRM application. In the system, there are tabs such as "Contacts", "Reports", and "Accounts". Each tab contains associated information. Configuration can be done on each tab by adding user-defined custom fields.[47]
Configuration can also be done at the "platform" level by adding configured applications to a Salesforce instance, that is adding sets of customized / novel tabs for specific vertical- or function-level (Finance, Human Resources, etc.) features.
Web services[edit]
In addition to the web interface, Salesforce.com offers a SOAP/REST Web service API that enables integration with other systems.
Technologies[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Apex[edit]
Apex is a proprietary programming language provided by the Force.com platform to developers similar to Java and C#. It is a strongly typed, object-oriented, case-insensitive programming language, following a dot-notation and curly-brackets syntax. Apex can be used to execute programmed functions during most processes on the Force.com platform including custom buttons and links, event handlers on record insertion, update, or deletion, via scheduling, or via the custom controllers of Visualforce pages.
Due to the multitenant nature of the platform, the language has strictly imposed governor limitations[48] to guard against any code monopolizing shared resources. Salesforce provides a series of asynchronous processing methods for Apex to allow developers to produce longer running and more complex Apex code.[49]
Visualforce[edit]
Visualforce is the view control technology on the Force.com
Lightning[edit]
In 2014, Salesforce made public the frontend of its platform, called Lightning.[50] This component based framework is what the Salesforce1 mobile app is built on and customers are now able to build on it as well. Salesforce built on this framework in 2015 by releasing the Lightning Design System,[51] an HTML style framework with default CSS styling built in. This framework allows customers to build their own components to either use in their internal instances or sell on the AppExchange.
One of the new tools released is known as the Salesforce Lightning App Builder for rapid application development of responsive web interfaces. This interface allows for different screens to be put together based on Lightning components. This can be used as layouts for records or specific applications.
Operations[edit]




A discussion panel at Salesforce's Customer Company Tour event that focused on customer relationship management


Salesforce.com is headquartered in San Francisco, with regional headquarters in Morges, Switzerland (covering Europe, Middle East, and Africa, Singapore), India (covering Asia Pacific minus Japan), and Tokyo (covering Japan). Other major offices are in Toronto, Chicago, New York City, London, Sydney, Dublin, Hyderabad, San Mateo, California and Hillsboro, Oregon.[52] Salesforce.com has its services translated into 16[53] different languages and as of July 31, 2011, had 104,000[54] customers and over 2.1 million subscribers.[55] Salesforce will be moving its Midwest Regional headquarters to Indianapolis in 2017.
Standard & Poor's included Salesforce.com, at the same time as Fastenal, into the S&P 500 index in September 2008, following the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and their removal from the index.[56]
Venture capital fund[edit]
The company announced in September 2014 that it had set up a venture capital arm to fund start-ups creating apps primarily for mobile phones.[57]
IT infrastructure[edit]
Salesforce.com migrated to Dell servers with AMD processors running Linux from Sun Fire E25K servers with SPARC processors running Solaris in 2008.[58] The company uses the Momentum platform from Message Systems to allow its customers to send large amounts of email.[59]
In 2012, Salesforce.com announced plans to build a data center in the UK to handle European citizens' personal data.[60]
In 2013, Salesforce.com and Oracle announced a nine-year partnership in which Salesforce.com will use Oracle Linux, Oracle Exadata, Oracle Database, and the Java platform to power salesforce.com's applications and SaaS platform.[61]
Criticisms[edit]





This article's Criticism or Controversy section may compromise the article's neutral point of view of the subject. Please integrate the section's contents into the article as a whole, or rewrite the material. (June 2017)


In November 2007, a successful phishing attack on a salesforce.com employee compromised contact information on a number of salesforce.com customers, which was then used to send highly targeted phishing emails.[62][63][64] The phishing breach was cited as an example of why the CRM industry needs greater security for users against such threats as spam.[65]
While the crowd-sourced method of building business contacts[66] has proven popular with recruiters, marketers and sales professionals, it has also raised questions of privacy as most of the site's database is entered without permission from the person being listed. Data.com does, however, make it easy to remove business information on request as noted in December 2009 by TechCrunch.[67] However, recipients of these messages regard it as spam and at least one complaint about receiving more spam after attempting to remove one's address have been noted.[68]
Acquisitions[edit]
The following is a list of acquisitions by salesforce.com:


Sendia (April 2006) – now Salesforce Classic
Kieden (August 2006) – now Salesforce for Google AdWords
Kenlet (January 2007) – original product CrispyNews used at Salesforce IdeaExchange and Dell IdeaStorm – now relaunched as Salesforce Ideas
Koral (March 2007) – now Salesforce Content
Instranet (August 2008) for $31.5 million – now re-branded to Salesforce Knowledge
GroupSwim (December 2009) – now part of Salesforce Chatter[69]
Informavores (December 2009)[70] – now re-branded to Visual Workflow
Jigsaw Data Corp. (April 2010),[71] – now known as Data.com
Sitemasher (June 2010) – now known as Site.com
Navajo Security (August 2011)[72]
Activa Live Chat (September 2010) – now known as Salesforce Live Agent[73]
Heroku (December 2010)[74]
Etacts (December 2010)[75]
Dimdim (January 2011)[76]
Manymoon (February 2011) – now known as Do.com[77]
Radian6 (March 2011) for $340M [78]
Assistly (September 21, 2011) – now known as Desk.com[79]
Model Metrics (November 2011)[80]
Rypple (December 2011)[81] – now known as Work.com
Stypi (May 2012)[82]
Buddy Media (May 2012) for US$689 million[83][84]
ChoicePass (June 2012)[85]
Thinkfuse (June 2012)[86]
BlueTail (July 2012) – now part of Data.com[87]
GoInstant (July 2012) for US$70 million[88]
Prior Knowledge (December 2012)[89]
EntropySoft (February 2013) for an undisclosed sum - now known as Salesforce Files Connect
clipboard.com (May 2013) for US$12 million[90]
ExactTarget (announced June 4, 2013) - now Marketing Cloud for US$2.5 billion[91]
EdgeSpring (June 7, 2013) - now part of the Analytics Cloud[92]
RelateIQ (July 10, 2014) for US$390 million - now known as SalesforceIQ[93]
Toopher (April 1, 2015)[94]
Tempo (app) (May 29, 2015) - now part of SalesforceIQ[95]
ÄKTA (September 2015) - for an undisclosed sum.[96]
MinHash (December 2015)[97]
SteelBrick (December 2015) for US$360 million[98]
PredictionIO (February 2016) [99]
Implisit (May 2016)[100]
Demandware (July 2016)[101]
Coolan (July 2016)[102]
Quip (August 2016) for US$750 million [103]
BeyondCore (August 2016)[104]
Gravitytank (Sep 2016)[105]
Krux (Oct 2016)[106]
Sequence (February 2017)[107]


Financials[edit]
Dollars in millions


Metric
Value
Period
Source


Basic Shares Outstanding
685
7/31/16
10Q


Cash and Cash Equivalents
1,115.226
7/31/16
10Q


Short Term Marketable Securities (Current)
59.057
7/31/16
10Q


See also[edit]

Salesforce Tower
Salesforce Tower Indianapolis
Salesforce Tower London

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 28, 2017. Retrieved April 27, 2017. 
^ "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Proxy Statement". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved June 5, 2017. 
^ "CRM stock quote - Salesforce.com Inc stock price". NASDAQ. 
^ Babcock, Charles (December 29, 2009). "Salesforce.com's Wizard Was Parker Harris and Team". InformationWeek. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Benioff, Mark (2009). Behind the Cloud: The Untold Story of How Salesforce.com Went from Idea to Billion-Dollar Company—and Revolutionized an Industry. Jossey-Bass. p. 7. ISBN 0470521163. 
^ Gerholdt, Mike (October 17, 2013). "Parker Harris on Co-Founding Salesforce.com". ButtonClick Admin. Salesforce.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Compton, Jason (June 23, 2004). "Salesforce.com IPO Raises $110 million". Destination CRM.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Fagan, Laura (October 14, 2014). "Marc Benioff Announces Salesforce Customer Success Platform, Analytics Cloud". Salesforce Blog. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Lager, Marshall (February 10, 2009). "Salesforce.com Expands the Cloud to Sales - CRM Magazine". Destinationcrm.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Launches The Service Cloud, A Customer Service SaaS Application | TechCrunch". Techcrunchit.com. January 14, 2009. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Kepes, Ben (September 1, 2010). "Salesforce Integrates Jigsaw — Refining Contact Data — Cloud Computing News". Gigaom.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Diana, Alison (June 22, 2010). "Salesforce.com Launches Chatter Collaboration Tool - Storage - Disaster recovery/business continuity". InformationWeek. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Dignan, Larry. "Salesforce launches Wave analytics cloud, boosts enterprise reach". ZDNet. Retrieved February 10, 2015. 
^ "Top Customer Relationship Management Software | 2014 Reviews of the Best Systems". Capterra.com. February 25, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2014. 
^ Rao, Leena (September 8, 2009). "Everything You Need To Know About Salesforce's Service Cloud 2". TechCrunch. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ Knorr, Eric; Gruman, Galen (April 7, 2008). "What Cloud Computing Really Means". The New York Times. IDG. Retrieved January 23, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce.com Unveils Force.com Cloud Computing Architecture". eweek.com. 
^ "Compiling Visualforce Successfully". salesforce.com. 
^ "Salesforce Spring15 Release Notes". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Developer Guide: Open Source Aura Framework". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning FAQ: Visualforce and Lightning". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Who's Who in Application Platforms for Cloud Computing: The Cloud Specialists". Gartner. September 16, 2009. 
^ Developer Keynote: Build Next Generation Apps. YouTube. November 21, 2013. 
^ Berkow, James. "HR industry feels Rypple effect". Edmonton Journal. Retrieved October 14, 2010. 
^ Abbott, Kate. "How I Got Here: Salesforce Rypple's Daniel Debow". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 27, 2012. 
^ "The Rypple effect". The Economist. Retrieved December 30, 2008. 
^ "Introducing Rypple's New CTO… Bohdan Zabawskyj". Work.com. Retrieved January 9, 2014. 
^ Clark, Don. "Spotify Rallies Workers With Help From Rypple". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 13, 2011. 
^ Goetz, Thomas (June 20, 2011). "How Facebook Uses Feedback Loops: Meet Rypple". Wired. Retrieved June 20, 2011. 
^ Rao, Leena. "Salesforce Debuts Rypple-Powered Work.com To Help Companies Manage Talent, Partners With Facebook". Techcrunch. Retrieved February 15, 2013. 
^ "Enterprise Customers Flocking to Jigsaw Data Fusion". Outbound-call-center.tmcnet.com. November 19, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Jigsaw Data not a company that follows standards, San Francisco Chronicle
^ "Salesforce Buys Customer Service SaaS Assistly For $50M To Reach Small Businesses". Techcrunch. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ "Assistly Is Now Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Salesforce launches Desk.com, slick social customer support software based on Assistly". Venturebeat. Retrieved 2012-01-30. 
^ "Salesforce sweetens the deal for growing SMBs with new Desk.com edition". PC World. Retrieved 2015-01-07. 
^ "Customer Relationship Software for Small Businesses". Salesforce.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Mailchimp for Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Desk.com steps up global focus". Computerworld. Retrieved 2015-02-26. 
^ Salesforce debuts Do.com, a smart social productivity app for small teams, VentureBeat News
^ Protalinski, Emil (October 25, 2013). "Salesforce to Shut Down Social Productivity App Do.com on January 31". The Next Web. 
^ Salesforce to shut down Do.com task management service, CiteWorld
^ Salesforce.com sells Do.com domain name to startup, DomainNameWire
^ "AppExchange - Home". Salesforce.com. March 1, 2011. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "AppExchange - Home". Appexchange.salesforce.com. Retrieved February 6, 2015. 
^ "AppExchange- Consulting Top Partners". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ Stubblebine, Tony (November 13, 2006). "An Introduction to Salesforce.com's AppExchange". O'Reilly Network. 
^ "Salesforce Developers". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Asynchronous Processing in Force.com" (PDF). Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Lightning | Salesforce Developers". developer.salesforce.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Design System". lightningdesignsystem.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ Hoge, Patrick (April 11, 2014). "Salesforce.com set to move into the West's tallest office building". Portland Business Journal. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ Finley, Klint (December 8, 2010). "Beyond Babel: Language Support in Enterprise 2.0 Products". Readwriteweb.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "CRM, the cloud, and the social enterprise". salesforce.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "History of Salesforce". Salesforce Programmers. Digital Marketing Solutions, LLC. Retrieved July 4, 2011. 
^ Martin, Eric (September 9, 2008). "Salesforce.com, Fastenal to Replace Fannie, Freddie in S&P 500". Bloomberg. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Salesforce.com to Set Up a Venture Capital Fund". The New York Times. Retrieved September 10, 2014. 
^ "Salesforce.com pulls plug on Sun's flagship Unix servers". The Register. 
^ "The biggest email provider you've never heard of". Fortune. 
^ Meyer, David. "Salesforce finally solidifies European data center plans". gigaom.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com and Oracle Announce New Strategic Partnership" (Press release). Oracle. 
^ Espiner, Tom (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce tight-lipped after phishing attack". ZDNet. 
^ Patrizio, Andy (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com Scrambles To Halt Phishing Attacks". InternetNews.com. 
^ McMillan, Robert (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com customer list stolen". IDG News Service. 
^ Berlind, David (November 6, 2007). "Phishing-based breach of salesforce.com customer data is more evidence of industry's need to act on spam. Now.". Berlind's Testbed (blog). 
^ Lohr, Steve (September 24, 2009). "Jigsaw's Business Model Is Built on Crowdsourcing". The New York Times. 
^ Arrington, Michael (December 20, 2009). "The World Has Changed. Is Jigsaw Still Evil?". Techcrunch.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ "jigsaw.com | Web Safety Ratings from McAfee SiteAdvisor". Siteadvisor.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Kepes, Ben (December 11, 2009). "Breaking: Salesforce.com Buys GroupSwim". Cloud Ave. Retrieved September 2, 2015. 
^ Whiting, Rick (February 3, 2010). "Salesforce Adds Business Process Development To Force.com". Crn.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquires Jigsaw for $142 million". ZDNet. April 21, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Brings Navajo Into Camp to Boost Cloud Security". Forbes. August 30, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Enterprise Chat Startup Activa Live". TechCrunch. September 24, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Heroku For $212 million In Cash". TechCrunch. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Email Contact Manager Etacts". TechCrunch. December 21, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce buys Dimdim for $31 million, bolsters Chatter collaboration". ZDNet. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Manymoon". All Things Digital. Retrieved January 20, 2011. 
^ Savitz, Eric (March 30, 2011). "Salesforce Buys Social Media Tracker Radian6 For $340M". Forbes. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Acquires Assistly – SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 21, 2011". California. PR Newswire. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Social And Mobile Cloud Computing Consultancy Model Metrics". TechCrunch. November 14, 2011. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Rypple For Social Employee Performance Management". InformationWeek. Retrieved December 19, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Stypi". 
^ "Salesforce Lines Up Against Oracle On Social Push; Buys Buddy Media For $689M". TechCrunch. June 4, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce to Acquire Buddy Media". Webpronews.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Corporate 'perks' Software Vendor ChoicePass". PC World. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires TechStars And TechCrunch Disrupt Alum Thinkfuse". TechCrunch. June 25, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquired BlueTail in July, AllThingsD reports". Yahoo! Finance. September 11, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce.com Reported To Buy GoInstant For $70 Million". TechCrunch. July 9, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Grant, Rebecca (November 23, 2012). "Salesforce to predict the future with the power of Prior Knowledge". VentureBeat. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ "Web Clipping Service Clipboard Acquired By Salesforce For $12M, Will Be Shuttered On June 30th". TechCrunch. May 9, 2013. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "ExactTarget to be Acquired in $2.5 Billion Deal - Newsroom - Inside INdiana Business with Gerry Dick". InsideINdianaBusiness.com. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "After Picking Up ExactTarget, Salesforce Buys Enterprise Business Intelligence And Analytics Startup EdgeSpring". TechCrunch. June 7, 2013. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Big Data Startup RelateIQ For Up To $390M". TechCrunch. July 10, 2014. 
^ "Mobile Authentication Startup Toopher Acquired By Salesforce". TechCrunch. April 1, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Smart Calendar Startup Tempo, App Will Shut Down On June 30". TechCrunch. May 29, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce acquires application development consulting firm AKTA". VentureBeat. September 2, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Has Acquired MinHash, Creators Of The AILA Virtual Marketing Assistant". TechCrunch. December 14, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires SteelBrick". Steelbrick. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires PredictionIO To Build Up Its Machine Learning Muscle". TechCrunch. February 19, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce just bought a startup for 'tens of millions' of dollars, adding to its buying spree". Business Insider. Retrieved July 24, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Demandware". Demandware. June 1, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires data center analytics startup Coolan". VentureBeat. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce buys word processing app Quip for $750M". TechCrunch. August 1, 2016. 
^ "Another Salesforce acquisition with BeyondCore enterprise analytics grab". TechCrunch. August 16, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce adds to its $4 billion spending spree by quietly buying another company". Yahoo! Finance. September 15, 2016. 
^ "Susan Bidel's Blog". blogs.forrester.com. Retrieved October 13, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires Sequence to build out its UX design services". TechCrunch. Retrieved February 1, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Salesforce.com.



Official website



Business data for Salesforce.com: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Cloud computing



Applications



Box
Enstratius
Google

G Suite
Docs, Sheets and Slides


HP Cloud (closed)
Microsoft Online
Rackspace
Salesforce





Platforms



Alpha7
Amazon
AppScale
Box
Bluemix
Cloud Foundry
Cocaine (PaaS)
Engine Yard
Enstratius
eXo Platform
Helion
GE Predix
Google App Engine
GreenQloud
Heroku
Inktank
Jelastic
Mendix
Microsoft Azure
OutSystems
openQRM
OpenShift
RightScale
Force.com
SAP Cloud Platform
VMware vCloud Air





Infrastructure



Amazon
Abiquo Enterprise Edition
CloudStack
DigitalOcean
EMC Atmos
Enstratius
Eucalyptus
Fujitsu
GoGrid
Google Cloud Platform
GreenButton
GreenQloud
IBM cloud computing
iland
Joyent
Lunacloud
Nimbula
Nimbus
OpenNebula
OpenStack
OrionVM
Rackspace Cloud
SoftLayer
Zadara Storage
libvirt
libguestfs
OVirt
Virtual Machine Manager
Wakame-vdc
Virtual Private Cloud OnDemand





Technologies



Cloud database
Data centers
Distributed file system for cloud
Hardware virtualization
Internet
Networking
Security
Structured storage
Virtual appliance
Web APIs
Virtual Private Clouds








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Salesforce.com&oldid=791184294"					
Categories: 2004 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesCustomer relationship management softwareSoftware companies based in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoSoftware companies established in 1999Cloud applicationsCloud computing providersBusiness services companies established in 1999Cloud infrastructure attacks & failuresHidden categories: Wikipedia introduction cleanup from June 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from June 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse mdy dates from July 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from May 2015All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing POV-check from June 2017All NPOV disputes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתҚазақшаNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 17:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









salesforce.com - Wikipedia






















 






salesforce.com

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (June 2017)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



salesforce.com, inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CRM
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Software


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)


Founder
Marc Benioff
Parker Harris


Headquarters
The Landmark
San Francisco, California, U.S.



Key people

Marc Benioff
(Chairman & CEO)
Parker Harris
(Exec. VP of Technology)


Products
Sales Cloud
Service Cloud
Platform
Marketing Cloud


Services
Cloud computing
Social enterprise solutions


Revenue
 US$8.39 billion (2017)[1]



Operating income

 US$61.74 million (2017)[1]



Net income

 US$179.63 million (2017)[1]


Total assets
 US$17.58 billion (2017)[1]


Total equity
 US$7.50 billion (2017)[1]


Owner
Marc Benioff (5.3%)[2]



Number of employees

25,178 (2017)[1]


Subsidiaries
Quip
Demandware
Heroku


Website
salesforce.com


salesforce.com, inc. (styled in its logo as salesƒorce; abbreviated usually as SF or SFDC) is an American cloud computing company headquartered in San Francisco, California. Though its revenue comes from a customer relationship management (CRM) product, Salesforce also capitalizes on commercial applications of social networking through acquisition. As of early 2016, it is one of the most highly valued American cloud computing companies with a market capitalization above $61 billion.[3]
Its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the symbol CRM and is a constituent of the S&P 500 Index.



Contents


1 History
2 Services

2.1 Salesforce
2.2 Force.com
2.3 Work.com
2.4 Data.com
2.5 Desk.com
2.6 Do.com
2.7 AppExchange
2.8 Configuration
2.9 Web services


3 Technologies

3.1 Apex
3.2 Visualforce
3.3 Lightning


4 Operations

4.1 Venture capital fund
4.2 IT infrastructure


5 Criticisms
6 Acquisitions
7 Financials
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1999 by former Oracle executive Marc Benioff, Parker Harris, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez as a company specializing in software as a service (SaaS).[4] Harris, Moellenhoff and Dominguez, three software developers previously at consulting firm Left Coast Software, were introduced to Benioff through friend and former Oracle colleague Bobby Yazdani.[5] Harris and team wrote the initial sales automation software, which launched to its first customers in the fall of 1999.[6]
In June 2004 the company's initial public offering was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol CRM and raised US$110 million.[7] Early investors include Magdalena Yesil, Larry Ellison, Halsey Minor, Stewart Henderson, Mark Iscaro, and Igor Sill of Geneva Venture Partners, as well as Nancy Pelosi.
In October 2014, Salesforce announced the development of its Customer Success Platform to tie together Salesforce's services, including sales, service, marketing, analytics, community, and mobile apps.[8]
Services[edit]
Salesforce.com's customer relationship management (CRM) service is broken down into several broad categories: Commerce Cloud, Sales Cloud,[9] Service Cloud,[10] Data Cloud[11] (including Jigsaw), Marketing Cloud, Community Cloud[12] (including Chatter), Analytics Cloud,[13] App Cloud, and IoT with over 100,000 customers.[14]
Salesforce[edit]
Salesforce is the primary enterprise offering within the Salesforce1 Platform. It provides companies with an interface for case management and task management, and a system for automatically routing and escalating important events. The Salesforce customer portal provides customers the ability to track their own cases, includes a social networking plug-in that enables the user to join the conversation about their company on social networking websites, provides analytical tools and other services including email alert, Google search, and access to customers' entitlement and contracts.[15]
Force.com[edit]
Force.com is a platform as a service (PaaS) that allows developers to create multitenant (single instance of software runs on a server and serves multiple tenants) add-on applications that integrate into the main Salesforce.com application.[16] Force.com applications are hosted on Salesforce.com's infrastructure.[17]
Force.com applications are built using Apex (a proprietary Java-like programming language for Force.com) and Visualforce (an XML[18] syntax typically used to generate HTML). The Force.com platform receives three complete releases a year. As the platform is provided as a service to its developers, every single development instance also receives all these updates.
In the Spring 2015 release a new framework for building user interfaces - Lightning Components - was introduced in beta.[19] Lightning components are built using the open-source Aura Framework[20] but with support for Apex as the server-side language instead of Aura's Javascript dependency. This has been described as an alternative to, not necessarily a replacement for, Visualforce pages.[21]
According to a September 2009 Gartner Group report,[22] Force.com had over 1,000 customer accounts. As of 2013, the Force.com platform has 1.4 million registered developers.[23]
Work.com[edit]
Work.com, previously Rypple, is a social performance management platform that helps managers and employees improve work performance through continuous coaching, real-time feedback, and recognition.[24] It is marketed as a solution for sales performance, customer service, marketing, and as a service that can be employed by human resource departments.
Work.com, then known as "Rypple", was founded by Daniel Debow and David Stein, who wanted to create a simple way of asking for feedback anonymously at work.[25] The company was formed in May 2008 and their client list included Mozilla, Facebook, LinkedIn and the Gilt Groupe. Rypple "'reverses the onus on the demand for more feedback' by getting employees to build and manage their own coaching networks".[26]
In September 2011, Rypple announced that they had hired Bohdan Zabawskyj as its Chief Technology Officer.[27]
In 2011, Rypple developed a more formalized management methodology called OKR ("Objectives and Key Results") for Spotify.[28] Rypple also partnered with Facebook to create "Loops", short for "feedback loops", which gathers feedback from co-workers, "thank you's", progress against goals, and coaching from supervisors into one channel for a "rich, robust, continuous performance review".[29]
In December 2011, Salesforce.com announced that they would acquire Rypple. The transaction was completed in 2012 and Rypple was rebranded as Work.com in September 2012.[30]
Data.com[edit]
Data.com, previously known as Jigsaw, is a cloud-based automated system for acquiring and managing CRM records within a user's Salesforce.com account.[31]
Data.com is also an online business directory of companies and business professionals that is built, maintained and accessed by a worldwide community of over a million subscribers.[32] A large database allows members to exchange and share the business information of more than 29 million contacts from over 4 million companies. This information consists of what is commonly found on a business card.
Data.com utilizes a user-generated database that's continually updated by its members. Data.com's contacts act as a virtual business card, offering name, title, postal and email addresses and direct-dial phone numbers for individual contacts.
Desk.com[edit]
Desk.com is a saas help desk and customer support product accessible through the cloud. Desk.com is owned by Salesforce.com and was previously known as Assistly. Desk.com is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
After being acquired by Salesforce.com for $50 million in 2011 [33] Assistly was re-branded as Desk.com in 2012 [34] as a "slick social customer support software". [35]
Desk.com is a Saas customer service application. The product differentiates itself from Salesforce's other service platform in that Desk.com specifically targets small businesses with its features and functions. [36] Desk.com integrates with a variety of products and third-party applications including Salesforce CRM, Salesforce IQ,[37] Atlassian JIRA, Mailchimp [38] and other apps. Desk.com also supports up to 50 languages. [39]
Do.com[edit]
Do.com was a cloud-based task management system for small groups and businesses, introduced in 2011 and discontinued in 2014.[40][41][42] Salesforce did not offer any reason for shutting down the service, however it provided an Export tool to save data entered within the Do.com interface. The Do.com domain was sold to a startup in 2014.[43]
AppExchange[edit]
Launched in 2005, the Salesforce AppExchange is an online application marketplace for third-party applications that run on the Force.com platform. Applications are available for free, as well as yearly or monthly subscription models. Applications available range from integrations with Sharepoint to mobile approval management.[44] As of February 2015, it features 2,658 applications which have driven a total of over 2.8 million installs.[45] The "AppExchange" is also a place customers can search for cloud consulting partners to help them implement the technology in their own organisation. Cloud consulting partners for Salesforce include large companies like IBM's "Bluewolf" and Accenture as well as smaller ones like Cloudreach.[46]
Configuration[edit]
Salesforce users can configure their CRM application. In the system, there are tabs such as "Contacts", "Reports", and "Accounts". Each tab contains associated information. Configuration can be done on each tab by adding user-defined custom fields.[47]
Configuration can also be done at the "platform" level by adding configured applications to a Salesforce instance, that is adding sets of customized / novel tabs for specific vertical- or function-level (Finance, Human Resources, etc.) features.
Web services[edit]
In addition to the web interface, Salesforce.com offers a SOAP/REST Web service API that enables integration with other systems.
Technologies[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Apex[edit]
Apex is a proprietary programming language provided by the Force.com platform to developers similar to Java and C#. It is a strongly typed, object-oriented, case-insensitive programming language, following a dot-notation and curly-brackets syntax. Apex can be used to execute programmed functions during most processes on the Force.com platform including custom buttons and links, event handlers on record insertion, update, or deletion, via scheduling, or via the custom controllers of Visualforce pages.
Due to the multitenant nature of the platform, the language has strictly imposed governor limitations[48] to guard against any code monopolizing shared resources. Salesforce provides a series of asynchronous processing methods for Apex to allow developers to produce longer running and more complex Apex code.[49]
Visualforce[edit]
Visualforce is the view control technology on the Force.com
Lightning[edit]
In 2014, Salesforce made public the frontend of its platform, called Lightning.[50] This component based framework is what the Salesforce1 mobile app is built on and customers are now able to build on it as well. Salesforce built on this framework in 2015 by releasing the Lightning Design System,[51] an HTML style framework with default CSS styling built in. This framework allows customers to build their own components to either use in their internal instances or sell on the AppExchange.
One of the new tools released is known as the Salesforce Lightning App Builder for rapid application development of responsive web interfaces. This interface allows for different screens to be put together based on Lightning components. This can be used as layouts for records or specific applications.
Operations[edit]




A discussion panel at Salesforce's Customer Company Tour event that focused on customer relationship management


Salesforce.com is headquartered in San Francisco, with regional headquarters in Morges, Switzerland (covering Europe, Middle East, and Africa, Singapore), India (covering Asia Pacific minus Japan), and Tokyo (covering Japan). Other major offices are in Toronto, Chicago, New York City, London, Sydney, Dublin, Hyderabad, San Mateo, California and Hillsboro, Oregon.[52] Salesforce.com has its services translated into 16[53] different languages and as of July 31, 2011, had 104,000[54] customers and over 2.1 million subscribers.[55] Salesforce will be moving its Midwest Regional headquarters to Indianapolis in 2017.
Standard & Poor's included Salesforce.com, at the same time as Fastenal, into the S&P 500 index in September 2008, following the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and their removal from the index.[56]
Venture capital fund[edit]
The company announced in September 2014 that it had set up a venture capital arm to fund start-ups creating apps primarily for mobile phones.[57]
IT infrastructure[edit]
Salesforce.com migrated to Dell servers with AMD processors running Linux from Sun Fire E25K servers with SPARC processors running Solaris in 2008.[58] The company uses the Momentum platform from Message Systems to allow its customers to send large amounts of email.[59]
In 2012, Salesforce.com announced plans to build a data center in the UK to handle European citizens' personal data.[60]
In 2013, Salesforce.com and Oracle announced a nine-year partnership in which Salesforce.com will use Oracle Linux, Oracle Exadata, Oracle Database, and the Java platform to power salesforce.com's applications and SaaS platform.[61]
Criticisms[edit]





This article's Criticism or Controversy section may compromise the article's neutral point of view of the subject. Please integrate the section's contents into the article as a whole, or rewrite the material. (June 2017)


In November 2007, a successful phishing attack on a salesforce.com employee compromised contact information on a number of salesforce.com customers, which was then used to send highly targeted phishing emails.[62][63][64] The phishing breach was cited as an example of why the CRM industry needs greater security for users against such threats as spam.[65]
While the crowd-sourced method of building business contacts[66] has proven popular with recruiters, marketers and sales professionals, it has also raised questions of privacy as most of the site's database is entered without permission from the person being listed. Data.com does, however, make it easy to remove business information on request as noted in December 2009 by TechCrunch.[67] However, recipients of these messages regard it as spam and at least one complaint about receiving more spam after attempting to remove one's address have been noted.[68]
Acquisitions[edit]
The following is a list of acquisitions by salesforce.com:


Sendia (April 2006) – now Salesforce Classic
Kieden (August 2006) – now Salesforce for Google AdWords
Kenlet (January 2007) – original product CrispyNews used at Salesforce IdeaExchange and Dell IdeaStorm – now relaunched as Salesforce Ideas
Koral (March 2007) – now Salesforce Content
Instranet (August 2008) for $31.5 million – now re-branded to Salesforce Knowledge
GroupSwim (December 2009) – now part of Salesforce Chatter[69]
Informavores (December 2009)[70] – now re-branded to Visual Workflow
Jigsaw Data Corp. (April 2010),[71] – now known as Data.com
Sitemasher (June 2010) – now known as Site.com
Navajo Security (August 2011)[72]
Activa Live Chat (September 2010) – now known as Salesforce Live Agent[73]
Heroku (December 2010)[74]
Etacts (December 2010)[75]
Dimdim (January 2011)[76]
Manymoon (February 2011) – now known as Do.com[77]
Radian6 (March 2011) for $340M [78]
Assistly (September 21, 2011) – now known as Desk.com[79]
Model Metrics (November 2011)[80]
Rypple (December 2011)[81] – now known as Work.com
Stypi (May 2012)[82]
Buddy Media (May 2012) for US$689 million[83][84]
ChoicePass (June 2012)[85]
Thinkfuse (June 2012)[86]
BlueTail (July 2012) – now part of Data.com[87]
GoInstant (July 2012) for US$70 million[88]
Prior Knowledge (December 2012)[89]
EntropySoft (February 2013) for an undisclosed sum - now known as Salesforce Files Connect
clipboard.com (May 2013) for US$12 million[90]
ExactTarget (announced June 4, 2013) - now Marketing Cloud for US$2.5 billion[91]
EdgeSpring (June 7, 2013) - now part of the Analytics Cloud[92]
RelateIQ (July 10, 2014) for US$390 million - now known as SalesforceIQ[93]
Toopher (April 1, 2015)[94]
Tempo (app) (May 29, 2015) - now part of SalesforceIQ[95]
ÄKTA (September 2015) - for an undisclosed sum.[96]
MinHash (December 2015)[97]
SteelBrick (December 2015) for US$360 million[98]
PredictionIO (February 2016) [99]
Implisit (May 2016)[100]
Demandware (July 2016)[101]
Coolan (July 2016)[102]
Quip (August 2016) for US$750 million [103]
BeyondCore (August 2016)[104]
Gravitytank (Sep 2016)[105]
Krux (Oct 2016)[106]
Sequence (February 2017)[107]


Financials[edit]
Dollars in millions


Metric
Value
Period
Source


Basic Shares Outstanding
685
7/31/16
10Q


Cash and Cash Equivalents
1,115.226
7/31/16
10Q


Short Term Marketable Securities (Current)
59.057
7/31/16
10Q


See also[edit]

Salesforce Tower
Salesforce Tower Indianapolis
Salesforce Tower London

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 28, 2017. Retrieved April 27, 2017. 
^ "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Proxy Statement". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved June 5, 2017. 
^ "CRM stock quote - Salesforce.com Inc stock price". NASDAQ. 
^ Babcock, Charles (December 29, 2009). "Salesforce.com's Wizard Was Parker Harris and Team". InformationWeek. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Benioff, Mark (2009). Behind the Cloud: The Untold Story of How Salesforce.com Went from Idea to Billion-Dollar Company—and Revolutionized an Industry. Jossey-Bass. p. 7. ISBN 0470521163. 
^ Gerholdt, Mike (October 17, 2013). "Parker Harris on Co-Founding Salesforce.com". ButtonClick Admin. Salesforce.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Compton, Jason (June 23, 2004). "Salesforce.com IPO Raises $110 million". Destination CRM.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Fagan, Laura (October 14, 2014). "Marc Benioff Announces Salesforce Customer Success Platform, Analytics Cloud". Salesforce Blog. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Lager, Marshall (February 10, 2009). "Salesforce.com Expands the Cloud to Sales - CRM Magazine". Destinationcrm.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Launches The Service Cloud, A Customer Service SaaS Application | TechCrunch". Techcrunchit.com. January 14, 2009. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Kepes, Ben (September 1, 2010). "Salesforce Integrates Jigsaw — Refining Contact Data — Cloud Computing News". Gigaom.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Diana, Alison (June 22, 2010). "Salesforce.com Launches Chatter Collaboration Tool - Storage - Disaster recovery/business continuity". InformationWeek. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Dignan, Larry. "Salesforce launches Wave analytics cloud, boosts enterprise reach". ZDNet. Retrieved February 10, 2015. 
^ "Top Customer Relationship Management Software | 2014 Reviews of the Best Systems". Capterra.com. February 25, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2014. 
^ Rao, Leena (September 8, 2009). "Everything You Need To Know About Salesforce's Service Cloud 2". TechCrunch. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ Knorr, Eric; Gruman, Galen (April 7, 2008). "What Cloud Computing Really Means". The New York Times. IDG. Retrieved January 23, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce.com Unveils Force.com Cloud Computing Architecture". eweek.com. 
^ "Compiling Visualforce Successfully". salesforce.com. 
^ "Salesforce Spring15 Release Notes". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Developer Guide: Open Source Aura Framework". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning FAQ: Visualforce and Lightning". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Who's Who in Application Platforms for Cloud Computing: The Cloud Specialists". Gartner. September 16, 2009. 
^ Developer Keynote: Build Next Generation Apps. YouTube. November 21, 2013. 
^ Berkow, James. "HR industry feels Rypple effect". Edmonton Journal. Retrieved October 14, 2010. 
^ Abbott, Kate. "How I Got Here: Salesforce Rypple's Daniel Debow". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 27, 2012. 
^ "The Rypple effect". The Economist. Retrieved December 30, 2008. 
^ "Introducing Rypple's New CTO… Bohdan Zabawskyj". Work.com. Retrieved January 9, 2014. 
^ Clark, Don. "Spotify Rallies Workers With Help From Rypple". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 13, 2011. 
^ Goetz, Thomas (June 20, 2011). "How Facebook Uses Feedback Loops: Meet Rypple". Wired. Retrieved June 20, 2011. 
^ Rao, Leena. "Salesforce Debuts Rypple-Powered Work.com To Help Companies Manage Talent, Partners With Facebook". Techcrunch. Retrieved February 15, 2013. 
^ "Enterprise Customers Flocking to Jigsaw Data Fusion". Outbound-call-center.tmcnet.com. November 19, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Jigsaw Data not a company that follows standards, San Francisco Chronicle
^ "Salesforce Buys Customer Service SaaS Assistly For $50M To Reach Small Businesses". Techcrunch. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ "Assistly Is Now Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Salesforce launches Desk.com, slick social customer support software based on Assistly". Venturebeat. Retrieved 2012-01-30. 
^ "Salesforce sweetens the deal for growing SMBs with new Desk.com edition". PC World. Retrieved 2015-01-07. 
^ "Customer Relationship Software for Small Businesses". Salesforce.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Mailchimp for Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Desk.com steps up global focus". Computerworld. Retrieved 2015-02-26. 
^ Salesforce debuts Do.com, a smart social productivity app for small teams, VentureBeat News
^ Protalinski, Emil (October 25, 2013). "Salesforce to Shut Down Social Productivity App Do.com on January 31". The Next Web. 
^ Salesforce to shut down Do.com task management service, CiteWorld
^ Salesforce.com sells Do.com domain name to startup, DomainNameWire
^ "AppExchange - Home". Salesforce.com. March 1, 2011. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "AppExchange - Home". Appexchange.salesforce.com. Retrieved February 6, 2015. 
^ "AppExchange- Consulting Top Partners". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ Stubblebine, Tony (November 13, 2006). "An Introduction to Salesforce.com's AppExchange". O'Reilly Network. 
^ "Salesforce Developers". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Asynchronous Processing in Force.com" (PDF). Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Lightning | Salesforce Developers". developer.salesforce.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Design System". lightningdesignsystem.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ Hoge, Patrick (April 11, 2014). "Salesforce.com set to move into the West's tallest office building". Portland Business Journal. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ Finley, Klint (December 8, 2010). "Beyond Babel: Language Support in Enterprise 2.0 Products". Readwriteweb.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "CRM, the cloud, and the social enterprise". salesforce.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "History of Salesforce". Salesforce Programmers. Digital Marketing Solutions, LLC. Retrieved July 4, 2011. 
^ Martin, Eric (September 9, 2008). "Salesforce.com, Fastenal to Replace Fannie, Freddie in S&P 500". Bloomberg. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Salesforce.com to Set Up a Venture Capital Fund". The New York Times. Retrieved September 10, 2014. 
^ "Salesforce.com pulls plug on Sun's flagship Unix servers". The Register. 
^ "The biggest email provider you've never heard of". Fortune. 
^ Meyer, David. "Salesforce finally solidifies European data center plans". gigaom.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com and Oracle Announce New Strategic Partnership" (Press release). Oracle. 
^ Espiner, Tom (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce tight-lipped after phishing attack". ZDNet. 
^ Patrizio, Andy (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com Scrambles To Halt Phishing Attacks". InternetNews.com. 
^ McMillan, Robert (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com customer list stolen". IDG News Service. 
^ Berlind, David (November 6, 2007). "Phishing-based breach of salesforce.com customer data is more evidence of industry's need to act on spam. Now.". Berlind's Testbed (blog). 
^ Lohr, Steve (September 24, 2009). "Jigsaw's Business Model Is Built on Crowdsourcing". The New York Times. 
^ Arrington, Michael (December 20, 2009). "The World Has Changed. Is Jigsaw Still Evil?". Techcrunch.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ "jigsaw.com | Web Safety Ratings from McAfee SiteAdvisor". Siteadvisor.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Kepes, Ben (December 11, 2009). "Breaking: Salesforce.com Buys GroupSwim". Cloud Ave. Retrieved September 2, 2015. 
^ Whiting, Rick (February 3, 2010). "Salesforce Adds Business Process Development To Force.com". Crn.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquires Jigsaw for $142 million". ZDNet. April 21, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Brings Navajo Into Camp to Boost Cloud Security". Forbes. August 30, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Enterprise Chat Startup Activa Live". TechCrunch. September 24, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Heroku For $212 million In Cash". TechCrunch. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Email Contact Manager Etacts". TechCrunch. December 21, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce buys Dimdim for $31 million, bolsters Chatter collaboration". ZDNet. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Manymoon". All Things Digital. Retrieved January 20, 2011. 
^ Savitz, Eric (March 30, 2011). "Salesforce Buys Social Media Tracker Radian6 For $340M". Forbes. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Acquires Assistly – SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 21, 2011". California. PR Newswire. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Social And Mobile Cloud Computing Consultancy Model Metrics". TechCrunch. November 14, 2011. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Rypple For Social Employee Performance Management". InformationWeek. Retrieved December 19, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Stypi". 
^ "Salesforce Lines Up Against Oracle On Social Push; Buys Buddy Media For $689M". TechCrunch. June 4, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce to Acquire Buddy Media". Webpronews.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Corporate 'perks' Software Vendor ChoicePass". PC World. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires TechStars And TechCrunch Disrupt Alum Thinkfuse". TechCrunch. June 25, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquired BlueTail in July, AllThingsD reports". Yahoo! Finance. September 11, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce.com Reported To Buy GoInstant For $70 Million". TechCrunch. July 9, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Grant, Rebecca (November 23, 2012). "Salesforce to predict the future with the power of Prior Knowledge". VentureBeat. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ "Web Clipping Service Clipboard Acquired By Salesforce For $12M, Will Be Shuttered On June 30th". TechCrunch. May 9, 2013. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "ExactTarget to be Acquired in $2.5 Billion Deal - Newsroom - Inside INdiana Business with Gerry Dick". InsideINdianaBusiness.com. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "After Picking Up ExactTarget, Salesforce Buys Enterprise Business Intelligence And Analytics Startup EdgeSpring". TechCrunch. June 7, 2013. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Big Data Startup RelateIQ For Up To $390M". TechCrunch. July 10, 2014. 
^ "Mobile Authentication Startup Toopher Acquired By Salesforce". TechCrunch. April 1, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Smart Calendar Startup Tempo, App Will Shut Down On June 30". TechCrunch. May 29, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce acquires application development consulting firm AKTA". VentureBeat. September 2, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Has Acquired MinHash, Creators Of The AILA Virtual Marketing Assistant". TechCrunch. December 14, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires SteelBrick". Steelbrick. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires PredictionIO To Build Up Its Machine Learning Muscle". TechCrunch. February 19, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce just bought a startup for 'tens of millions' of dollars, adding to its buying spree". Business Insider. Retrieved July 24, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Demandware". Demandware. June 1, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires data center analytics startup Coolan". VentureBeat. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce buys word processing app Quip for $750M". TechCrunch. August 1, 2016. 
^ "Another Salesforce acquisition with BeyondCore enterprise analytics grab". TechCrunch. August 16, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce adds to its $4 billion spending spree by quietly buying another company". Yahoo! Finance. September 15, 2016. 
^ "Susan Bidel's Blog". blogs.forrester.com. Retrieved October 13, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires Sequence to build out its UX design services". TechCrunch. Retrieved February 1, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Salesforce.com.



Official website



Business data for Salesforce.com: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Cloud computing



Applications



Box
Enstratius
Google

G Suite
Docs, Sheets and Slides


HP Cloud (closed)
Microsoft Online
Rackspace
Salesforce





Platforms



Alpha7
Amazon
AppScale
Box
Bluemix
Cloud Foundry
Cocaine (PaaS)
Engine Yard
Enstratius
eXo Platform
Helion
GE Predix
Google App Engine
GreenQloud
Heroku
Inktank
Jelastic
Mendix
Microsoft Azure
OutSystems
openQRM
OpenShift
RightScale
Force.com
SAP Cloud Platform
VMware vCloud Air





Infrastructure



Amazon
Abiquo Enterprise Edition
CloudStack
DigitalOcean
EMC Atmos
Enstratius
Eucalyptus
Fujitsu
GoGrid
Google Cloud Platform
GreenButton
GreenQloud
IBM cloud computing
iland
Joyent
Lunacloud
Nimbula
Nimbus
OpenNebula
OpenStack
OrionVM
Rackspace Cloud
SoftLayer
Zadara Storage
libvirt
libguestfs
OVirt
Virtual Machine Manager
Wakame-vdc
Virtual Private Cloud OnDemand





Technologies



Cloud database
Data centers
Distributed file system for cloud
Hardware virtualization
Internet
Networking
Security
Structured storage
Virtual appliance
Web APIs
Virtual Private Clouds








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Salesforce.com&oldid=791184294"					
Categories: 2004 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesCustomer relationship management softwareSoftware companies based in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoSoftware companies established in 1999Cloud applicationsCloud computing providersBusiness services companies established in 1999Cloud infrastructure attacks & failuresHidden categories: Wikipedia introduction cleanup from June 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from June 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse mdy dates from July 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from May 2015All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing POV-check from June 2017All NPOV disputes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתҚазақшаNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 17:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









salesforce.com - Wikipedia






















 






salesforce.com

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (June 2017)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



salesforce.com, inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CRM
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Software


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)


Founder
Marc Benioff
Parker Harris


Headquarters
The Landmark
San Francisco, California, U.S.



Key people

Marc Benioff
(Chairman & CEO)
Parker Harris
(Exec. VP of Technology)


Products
Sales Cloud
Service Cloud
Platform
Marketing Cloud


Services
Cloud computing
Social enterprise solutions


Revenue
 US$8.39 billion (2017)[1]



Operating income

 US$61.74 million (2017)[1]



Net income

 US$179.63 million (2017)[1]


Total assets
 US$17.58 billion (2017)[1]


Total equity
 US$7.50 billion (2017)[1]


Owner
Marc Benioff (5.3%)[2]



Number of employees

25,178 (2017)[1]


Subsidiaries
Quip
Demandware
Heroku


Website
salesforce.com


salesforce.com, inc. (styled in its logo as salesƒorce; abbreviated usually as SF or SFDC) is an American cloud computing company headquartered in San Francisco, California. Though its revenue comes from a customer relationship management (CRM) product, Salesforce also capitalizes on commercial applications of social networking through acquisition. As of early 2016, it is one of the most highly valued American cloud computing companies with a market capitalization above $61 billion.[3]
Its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the symbol CRM and is a constituent of the S&P 500 Index.



Contents


1 History
2 Services

2.1 Salesforce
2.2 Force.com
2.3 Work.com
2.4 Data.com
2.5 Desk.com
2.6 Do.com
2.7 AppExchange
2.8 Configuration
2.9 Web services


3 Technologies

3.1 Apex
3.2 Visualforce
3.3 Lightning


4 Operations

4.1 Venture capital fund
4.2 IT infrastructure


5 Criticisms
6 Acquisitions
7 Financials
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1999 by former Oracle executive Marc Benioff, Parker Harris, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez as a company specializing in software as a service (SaaS).[4] Harris, Moellenhoff and Dominguez, three software developers previously at consulting firm Left Coast Software, were introduced to Benioff through friend and former Oracle colleague Bobby Yazdani.[5] Harris and team wrote the initial sales automation software, which launched to its first customers in the fall of 1999.[6]
In June 2004 the company's initial public offering was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol CRM and raised US$110 million.[7] Early investors include Magdalena Yesil, Larry Ellison, Halsey Minor, Stewart Henderson, Mark Iscaro, and Igor Sill of Geneva Venture Partners, as well as Nancy Pelosi.
In October 2014, Salesforce announced the development of its Customer Success Platform to tie together Salesforce's services, including sales, service, marketing, analytics, community, and mobile apps.[8]
Services[edit]
Salesforce.com's customer relationship management (CRM) service is broken down into several broad categories: Commerce Cloud, Sales Cloud,[9] Service Cloud,[10] Data Cloud[11] (including Jigsaw), Marketing Cloud, Community Cloud[12] (including Chatter), Analytics Cloud,[13] App Cloud, and IoT with over 100,000 customers.[14]
Salesforce[edit]
Salesforce is the primary enterprise offering within the Salesforce1 Platform. It provides companies with an interface for case management and task management, and a system for automatically routing and escalating important events. The Salesforce customer portal provides customers the ability to track their own cases, includes a social networking plug-in that enables the user to join the conversation about their company on social networking websites, provides analytical tools and other services including email alert, Google search, and access to customers' entitlement and contracts.[15]
Force.com[edit]
Force.com is a platform as a service (PaaS) that allows developers to create multitenant (single instance of software runs on a server and serves multiple tenants) add-on applications that integrate into the main Salesforce.com application.[16] Force.com applications are hosted on Salesforce.com's infrastructure.[17]
Force.com applications are built using Apex (a proprietary Java-like programming language for Force.com) and Visualforce (an XML[18] syntax typically used to generate HTML). The Force.com platform receives three complete releases a year. As the platform is provided as a service to its developers, every single development instance also receives all these updates.
In the Spring 2015 release a new framework for building user interfaces - Lightning Components - was introduced in beta.[19] Lightning components are built using the open-source Aura Framework[20] but with support for Apex as the server-side language instead of Aura's Javascript dependency. This has been described as an alternative to, not necessarily a replacement for, Visualforce pages.[21]
According to a September 2009 Gartner Group report,[22] Force.com had over 1,000 customer accounts. As of 2013, the Force.com platform has 1.4 million registered developers.[23]
Work.com[edit]
Work.com, previously Rypple, is a social performance management platform that helps managers and employees improve work performance through continuous coaching, real-time feedback, and recognition.[24] It is marketed as a solution for sales performance, customer service, marketing, and as a service that can be employed by human resource departments.
Work.com, then known as "Rypple", was founded by Daniel Debow and David Stein, who wanted to create a simple way of asking for feedback anonymously at work.[25] The company was formed in May 2008 and their client list included Mozilla, Facebook, LinkedIn and the Gilt Groupe. Rypple "'reverses the onus on the demand for more feedback' by getting employees to build and manage their own coaching networks".[26]
In September 2011, Rypple announced that they had hired Bohdan Zabawskyj as its Chief Technology Officer.[27]
In 2011, Rypple developed a more formalized management methodology called OKR ("Objectives and Key Results") for Spotify.[28] Rypple also partnered with Facebook to create "Loops", short for "feedback loops", which gathers feedback from co-workers, "thank you's", progress against goals, and coaching from supervisors into one channel for a "rich, robust, continuous performance review".[29]
In December 2011, Salesforce.com announced that they would acquire Rypple. The transaction was completed in 2012 and Rypple was rebranded as Work.com in September 2012.[30]
Data.com[edit]
Data.com, previously known as Jigsaw, is a cloud-based automated system for acquiring and managing CRM records within a user's Salesforce.com account.[31]
Data.com is also an online business directory of companies and business professionals that is built, maintained and accessed by a worldwide community of over a million subscribers.[32] A large database allows members to exchange and share the business information of more than 29 million contacts from over 4 million companies. This information consists of what is commonly found on a business card.
Data.com utilizes a user-generated database that's continually updated by its members. Data.com's contacts act as a virtual business card, offering name, title, postal and email addresses and direct-dial phone numbers for individual contacts.
Desk.com[edit]
Desk.com is a saas help desk and customer support product accessible through the cloud. Desk.com is owned by Salesforce.com and was previously known as Assistly. Desk.com is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
After being acquired by Salesforce.com for $50 million in 2011 [33] Assistly was re-branded as Desk.com in 2012 [34] as a "slick social customer support software". [35]
Desk.com is a Saas customer service application. The product differentiates itself from Salesforce's other service platform in that Desk.com specifically targets small businesses with its features and functions. [36] Desk.com integrates with a variety of products and third-party applications including Salesforce CRM, Salesforce IQ,[37] Atlassian JIRA, Mailchimp [38] and other apps. Desk.com also supports up to 50 languages. [39]
Do.com[edit]
Do.com was a cloud-based task management system for small groups and businesses, introduced in 2011 and discontinued in 2014.[40][41][42] Salesforce did not offer any reason for shutting down the service, however it provided an Export tool to save data entered within the Do.com interface. The Do.com domain was sold to a startup in 2014.[43]
AppExchange[edit]
Launched in 2005, the Salesforce AppExchange is an online application marketplace for third-party applications that run on the Force.com platform. Applications are available for free, as well as yearly or monthly subscription models. Applications available range from integrations with Sharepoint to mobile approval management.[44] As of February 2015, it features 2,658 applications which have driven a total of over 2.8 million installs.[45] The "AppExchange" is also a place customers can search for cloud consulting partners to help them implement the technology in their own organisation. Cloud consulting partners for Salesforce include large companies like IBM's "Bluewolf" and Accenture as well as smaller ones like Cloudreach.[46]
Configuration[edit]
Salesforce users can configure their CRM application. In the system, there are tabs such as "Contacts", "Reports", and "Accounts". Each tab contains associated information. Configuration can be done on each tab by adding user-defined custom fields.[47]
Configuration can also be done at the "platform" level by adding configured applications to a Salesforce instance, that is adding sets of customized / novel tabs for specific vertical- or function-level (Finance, Human Resources, etc.) features.
Web services[edit]
In addition to the web interface, Salesforce.com offers a SOAP/REST Web service API that enables integration with other systems.
Technologies[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Apex[edit]
Apex is a proprietary programming language provided by the Force.com platform to developers similar to Java and C#. It is a strongly typed, object-oriented, case-insensitive programming language, following a dot-notation and curly-brackets syntax. Apex can be used to execute programmed functions during most processes on the Force.com platform including custom buttons and links, event handlers on record insertion, update, or deletion, via scheduling, or via the custom controllers of Visualforce pages.
Due to the multitenant nature of the platform, the language has strictly imposed governor limitations[48] to guard against any code monopolizing shared resources. Salesforce provides a series of asynchronous processing methods for Apex to allow developers to produce longer running and more complex Apex code.[49]
Visualforce[edit]
Visualforce is the view control technology on the Force.com
Lightning[edit]
In 2014, Salesforce made public the frontend of its platform, called Lightning.[50] This component based framework is what the Salesforce1 mobile app is built on and customers are now able to build on it as well. Salesforce built on this framework in 2015 by releasing the Lightning Design System,[51] an HTML style framework with default CSS styling built in. This framework allows customers to build their own components to either use in their internal instances or sell on the AppExchange.
One of the new tools released is known as the Salesforce Lightning App Builder for rapid application development of responsive web interfaces. This interface allows for different screens to be put together based on Lightning components. This can be used as layouts for records or specific applications.
Operations[edit]




A discussion panel at Salesforce's Customer Company Tour event that focused on customer relationship management


Salesforce.com is headquartered in San Francisco, with regional headquarters in Morges, Switzerland (covering Europe, Middle East, and Africa, Singapore), India (covering Asia Pacific minus Japan), and Tokyo (covering Japan). Other major offices are in Toronto, Chicago, New York City, London, Sydney, Dublin, Hyderabad, San Mateo, California and Hillsboro, Oregon.[52] Salesforce.com has its services translated into 16[53] different languages and as of July 31, 2011, had 104,000[54] customers and over 2.1 million subscribers.[55] Salesforce will be moving its Midwest Regional headquarters to Indianapolis in 2017.
Standard & Poor's included Salesforce.com, at the same time as Fastenal, into the S&P 500 index in September 2008, following the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and their removal from the index.[56]
Venture capital fund[edit]
The company announced in September 2014 that it had set up a venture capital arm to fund start-ups creating apps primarily for mobile phones.[57]
IT infrastructure[edit]
Salesforce.com migrated to Dell servers with AMD processors running Linux from Sun Fire E25K servers with SPARC processors running Solaris in 2008.[58] The company uses the Momentum platform from Message Systems to allow its customers to send large amounts of email.[59]
In 2012, Salesforce.com announced plans to build a data center in the UK to handle European citizens' personal data.[60]
In 2013, Salesforce.com and Oracle announced a nine-year partnership in which Salesforce.com will use Oracle Linux, Oracle Exadata, Oracle Database, and the Java platform to power salesforce.com's applications and SaaS platform.[61]
Criticisms[edit]





This article's Criticism or Controversy section may compromise the article's neutral point of view of the subject. Please integrate the section's contents into the article as a whole, or rewrite the material. (June 2017)


In November 2007, a successful phishing attack on a salesforce.com employee compromised contact information on a number of salesforce.com customers, which was then used to send highly targeted phishing emails.[62][63][64] The phishing breach was cited as an example of why the CRM industry needs greater security for users against such threats as spam.[65]
While the crowd-sourced method of building business contacts[66] has proven popular with recruiters, marketers and sales professionals, it has also raised questions of privacy as most of the site's database is entered without permission from the person being listed. Data.com does, however, make it easy to remove business information on request as noted in December 2009 by TechCrunch.[67] However, recipients of these messages regard it as spam and at least one complaint about receiving more spam after attempting to remove one's address have been noted.[68]
Acquisitions[edit]
The following is a list of acquisitions by salesforce.com:


Sendia (April 2006) – now Salesforce Classic
Kieden (August 2006) – now Salesforce for Google AdWords
Kenlet (January 2007) – original product CrispyNews used at Salesforce IdeaExchange and Dell IdeaStorm – now relaunched as Salesforce Ideas
Koral (March 2007) – now Salesforce Content
Instranet (August 2008) for $31.5 million – now re-branded to Salesforce Knowledge
GroupSwim (December 2009) – now part of Salesforce Chatter[69]
Informavores (December 2009)[70] – now re-branded to Visual Workflow
Jigsaw Data Corp. (April 2010),[71] – now known as Data.com
Sitemasher (June 2010) – now known as Site.com
Navajo Security (August 2011)[72]
Activa Live Chat (September 2010) – now known as Salesforce Live Agent[73]
Heroku (December 2010)[74]
Etacts (December 2010)[75]
Dimdim (January 2011)[76]
Manymoon (February 2011) – now known as Do.com[77]
Radian6 (March 2011) for $340M [78]
Assistly (September 21, 2011) – now known as Desk.com[79]
Model Metrics (November 2011)[80]
Rypple (December 2011)[81] – now known as Work.com
Stypi (May 2012)[82]
Buddy Media (May 2012) for US$689 million[83][84]
ChoicePass (June 2012)[85]
Thinkfuse (June 2012)[86]
BlueTail (July 2012) – now part of Data.com[87]
GoInstant (July 2012) for US$70 million[88]
Prior Knowledge (December 2012)[89]
EntropySoft (February 2013) for an undisclosed sum - now known as Salesforce Files Connect
clipboard.com (May 2013) for US$12 million[90]
ExactTarget (announced June 4, 2013) - now Marketing Cloud for US$2.5 billion[91]
EdgeSpring (June 7, 2013) - now part of the Analytics Cloud[92]
RelateIQ (July 10, 2014) for US$390 million - now known as SalesforceIQ[93]
Toopher (April 1, 2015)[94]
Tempo (app) (May 29, 2015) - now part of SalesforceIQ[95]
ÄKTA (September 2015) - for an undisclosed sum.[96]
MinHash (December 2015)[97]
SteelBrick (December 2015) for US$360 million[98]
PredictionIO (February 2016) [99]
Implisit (May 2016)[100]
Demandware (July 2016)[101]
Coolan (July 2016)[102]
Quip (August 2016) for US$750 million [103]
BeyondCore (August 2016)[104]
Gravitytank (Sep 2016)[105]
Krux (Oct 2016)[106]
Sequence (February 2017)[107]


Financials[edit]
Dollars in millions


Metric
Value
Period
Source


Basic Shares Outstanding
685
7/31/16
10Q


Cash and Cash Equivalents
1,115.226
7/31/16
10Q


Short Term Marketable Securities (Current)
59.057
7/31/16
10Q


See also[edit]

Salesforce Tower
Salesforce Tower Indianapolis
Salesforce Tower London

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 28, 2017. Retrieved April 27, 2017. 
^ "salesforce.com, inc. 2017 Proxy Statement". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved June 5, 2017. 
^ "CRM stock quote - Salesforce.com Inc stock price". NASDAQ. 
^ Babcock, Charles (December 29, 2009). "Salesforce.com's Wizard Was Parker Harris and Team". InformationWeek. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Benioff, Mark (2009). Behind the Cloud: The Untold Story of How Salesforce.com Went from Idea to Billion-Dollar Company—and Revolutionized an Industry. Jossey-Bass. p. 7. ISBN 0470521163. 
^ Gerholdt, Mike (October 17, 2013). "Parker Harris on Co-Founding Salesforce.com". ButtonClick Admin. Salesforce.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Compton, Jason (June 23, 2004). "Salesforce.com IPO Raises $110 million". Destination CRM.com. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Fagan, Laura (October 14, 2014). "Marc Benioff Announces Salesforce Customer Success Platform, Analytics Cloud". Salesforce Blog. Retrieved November 1, 2015. 
^ Lager, Marshall (February 10, 2009). "Salesforce.com Expands the Cloud to Sales - CRM Magazine". Destinationcrm.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Launches The Service Cloud, A Customer Service SaaS Application | TechCrunch". Techcrunchit.com. January 14, 2009. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Kepes, Ben (September 1, 2010). "Salesforce Integrates Jigsaw — Refining Contact Data — Cloud Computing News". Gigaom.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Diana, Alison (June 22, 2010). "Salesforce.com Launches Chatter Collaboration Tool - Storage - Disaster recovery/business continuity". InformationWeek. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ Dignan, Larry. "Salesforce launches Wave analytics cloud, boosts enterprise reach". ZDNet. Retrieved February 10, 2015. 
^ "Top Customer Relationship Management Software | 2014 Reviews of the Best Systems". Capterra.com. February 25, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2014. 
^ Rao, Leena (September 8, 2009). "Everything You Need To Know About Salesforce's Service Cloud 2". TechCrunch. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ Knorr, Eric; Gruman, Galen (April 7, 2008). "What Cloud Computing Really Means". The New York Times. IDG. Retrieved January 23, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce.com Unveils Force.com Cloud Computing Architecture". eweek.com. 
^ "Compiling Visualforce Successfully". salesforce.com. 
^ "Salesforce Spring15 Release Notes". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Developer Guide: Open Source Aura Framework". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Lightning FAQ: Visualforce and Lightning". Salesforce.com. Retrieved January 26, 2015. 
^ "Who's Who in Application Platforms for Cloud Computing: The Cloud Specialists". Gartner. September 16, 2009. 
^ Developer Keynote: Build Next Generation Apps. YouTube. November 21, 2013. 
^ Berkow, James. "HR industry feels Rypple effect". Edmonton Journal. Retrieved October 14, 2010. 
^ Abbott, Kate. "How I Got Here: Salesforce Rypple's Daniel Debow". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 27, 2012. 
^ "The Rypple effect". The Economist. Retrieved December 30, 2008. 
^ "Introducing Rypple's New CTO… Bohdan Zabawskyj". Work.com. Retrieved January 9, 2014. 
^ Clark, Don. "Spotify Rallies Workers With Help From Rypple". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 13, 2011. 
^ Goetz, Thomas (June 20, 2011). "How Facebook Uses Feedback Loops: Meet Rypple". Wired. Retrieved June 20, 2011. 
^ Rao, Leena. "Salesforce Debuts Rypple-Powered Work.com To Help Companies Manage Talent, Partners With Facebook". Techcrunch. Retrieved February 15, 2013. 
^ "Enterprise Customers Flocking to Jigsaw Data Fusion". Outbound-call-center.tmcnet.com. November 19, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Jigsaw Data not a company that follows standards, San Francisco Chronicle
^ "Salesforce Buys Customer Service SaaS Assistly For $50M To Reach Small Businesses". Techcrunch. Retrieved 2011-09-21. 
^ "Assistly Is Now Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2012-12-30. 
^ "Salesforce launches Desk.com, slick social customer support software based on Assistly". Venturebeat. Retrieved 2012-01-30. 
^ "Salesforce sweetens the deal for growing SMBs with new Desk.com edition". PC World. Retrieved 2015-01-07. 
^ "Customer Relationship Software for Small Businesses". Salesforce.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Mailchimp for Desk.com". Desk.com. Retrieved 2015-02-01. 
^ "Desk.com steps up global focus". Computerworld. Retrieved 2015-02-26. 
^ Salesforce debuts Do.com, a smart social productivity app for small teams, VentureBeat News
^ Protalinski, Emil (October 25, 2013). "Salesforce to Shut Down Social Productivity App Do.com on January 31". The Next Web. 
^ Salesforce to shut down Do.com task management service, CiteWorld
^ Salesforce.com sells Do.com domain name to startup, DomainNameWire
^ "AppExchange - Home". Salesforce.com. March 1, 2011. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "AppExchange - Home". Appexchange.salesforce.com. Retrieved February 6, 2015. 
^ "AppExchange- Consulting Top Partners". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ Stubblebine, Tony (November 13, 2006). "An Introduction to Salesforce.com's AppExchange". O'Reilly Network. 
^ "Salesforce Developers". Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Asynchronous Processing in Force.com" (PDF). Salesforce.com. Retrieved July 5, 2017. 
^ "Lightning | Salesforce Developers". developer.salesforce.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ "Lightning Design System". lightningdesignsystem.com. Retrieved October 19, 2015. 
^ Hoge, Patrick (April 11, 2014). "Salesforce.com set to move into the West's tallest office building". Portland Business Journal. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ Finley, Klint (December 8, 2010). "Beyond Babel: Language Support in Enterprise 2.0 Products". Readwriteweb.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "CRM, the cloud, and the social enterprise". salesforce.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "History of Salesforce". Salesforce Programmers. Digital Marketing Solutions, LLC. Retrieved July 4, 2011. 
^ Martin, Eric (September 9, 2008). "Salesforce.com, Fastenal to Replace Fannie, Freddie in S&P 500". Bloomberg. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Salesforce.com to Set Up a Venture Capital Fund". The New York Times. Retrieved September 10, 2014. 
^ "Salesforce.com pulls plug on Sun's flagship Unix servers". The Register. 
^ "The biggest email provider you've never heard of". Fortune. 
^ Meyer, David. "Salesforce finally solidifies European data center plans". gigaom.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com and Oracle Announce New Strategic Partnership" (Press release). Oracle. 
^ Espiner, Tom (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce tight-lipped after phishing attack". ZDNet. 
^ Patrizio, Andy (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com Scrambles To Halt Phishing Attacks". InternetNews.com. 
^ McMillan, Robert (November 7, 2007). "Salesforce.com customer list stolen". IDG News Service. 
^ Berlind, David (November 6, 2007). "Phishing-based breach of salesforce.com customer data is more evidence of industry's need to act on spam. Now.". Berlind's Testbed (blog). 
^ Lohr, Steve (September 24, 2009). "Jigsaw's Business Model Is Built on Crowdsourcing". The New York Times. 
^ Arrington, Michael (December 20, 2009). "The World Has Changed. Is Jigsaw Still Evil?". Techcrunch.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ "jigsaw.com | Web Safety Ratings from McAfee SiteAdvisor". Siteadvisor.com. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Kepes, Ben (December 11, 2009). "Breaking: Salesforce.com Buys GroupSwim". Cloud Ave. Retrieved September 2, 2015. 
^ Whiting, Rick (February 3, 2010). "Salesforce Adds Business Process Development To Force.com". Crn.com. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquires Jigsaw for $142 million". ZDNet. April 21, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Brings Navajo Into Camp to Boost Cloud Security". Forbes. August 30, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Enterprise Chat Startup Activa Live". TechCrunch. September 24, 2010. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Heroku For $212 million In Cash". TechCrunch. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Email Contact Manager Etacts". TechCrunch. December 21, 2010. 
^ "Salesforce buys Dimdim for $31 million, bolsters Chatter collaboration". ZDNet. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Manymoon". All Things Digital. Retrieved January 20, 2011. 
^ Savitz, Eric (March 30, 2011). "Salesforce Buys Social Media Tracker Radian6 For $340M". Forbes. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com Acquires Assistly – SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 21, 2011". California. PR Newswire. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Social And Mobile Cloud Computing Consultancy Model Metrics". TechCrunch. November 14, 2011. Retrieved February 1, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Rypple For Social Employee Performance Management". InformationWeek. Retrieved December 19, 2011. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Stypi". 
^ "Salesforce Lines Up Against Oracle On Social Push; Buys Buddy Media For $689M". TechCrunch. June 4, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce to Acquire Buddy Media". Webpronews.com. 
^ "Salesforce.com Buys Corporate 'perks' Software Vendor ChoicePass". PC World. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires TechStars And TechCrunch Disrupt Alum Thinkfuse". TechCrunch. June 25, 2012. 
^ "Salesforce.com acquired BlueTail in July, AllThingsD reports". Yahoo! Finance. September 11, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce.com Reported To Buy GoInstant For $70 Million". TechCrunch. July 9, 2012. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Grant, Rebecca (November 23, 2012). "Salesforce to predict the future with the power of Prior Knowledge". VentureBeat. Retrieved November 22, 2013. 
^ "Web Clipping Service Clipboard Acquired By Salesforce For $12M, Will Be Shuttered On June 30th". TechCrunch. May 9, 2013. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "ExactTarget to be Acquired in $2.5 Billion Deal - Newsroom - Inside INdiana Business with Gerry Dick". InsideINdianaBusiness.com. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "After Picking Up ExactTarget, Salesforce Buys Enterprise Business Intelligence And Analytics Startup EdgeSpring". TechCrunch. June 7, 2013. Retrieved July 17, 2013. 
^ "Salesforce Buys Big Data Startup RelateIQ For Up To $390M". TechCrunch. July 10, 2014. 
^ "Mobile Authentication Startup Toopher Acquired By Salesforce". TechCrunch. April 1, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires Smart Calendar Startup Tempo, App Will Shut Down On June 30". TechCrunch. May 29, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce acquires application development consulting firm AKTA". VentureBeat. September 2, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Has Acquired MinHash, Creators Of The AILA Virtual Marketing Assistant". TechCrunch. December 14, 2015. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires SteelBrick". Steelbrick. 
^ "Salesforce Acquires PredictionIO To Build Up Its Machine Learning Muscle". TechCrunch. February 19, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce just bought a startup for 'tens of millions' of dollars, adding to its buying spree". Business Insider. Retrieved July 24, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Demandware". Demandware. June 1, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires data center analytics startup Coolan". VentureBeat. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce buys word processing app Quip for $750M". TechCrunch. August 1, 2016. 
^ "Another Salesforce acquisition with BeyondCore enterprise analytics grab". TechCrunch. August 16, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce adds to its $4 billion spending spree by quietly buying another company". Yahoo! Finance. September 15, 2016. 
^ "Susan Bidel's Blog". blogs.forrester.com. Retrieved October 13, 2016. 
^ "Salesforce acquires Sequence to build out its UX design services". TechCrunch. Retrieved February 1, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Salesforce.com.



Official website



Business data for Salesforce.com: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Cloud computing



Applications



Box
Enstratius
Google

G Suite
Docs, Sheets and Slides


HP Cloud (closed)
Microsoft Online
Rackspace
Salesforce





Platforms



Alpha7
Amazon
AppScale
Box
Bluemix
Cloud Foundry
Cocaine (PaaS)
Engine Yard
Enstratius
eXo Platform
Helion
GE Predix
Google App Engine
GreenQloud
Heroku
Inktank
Jelastic
Mendix
Microsoft Azure
OutSystems
openQRM
OpenShift
RightScale
Force.com
SAP Cloud Platform
VMware vCloud Air





Infrastructure



Amazon
Abiquo Enterprise Edition
CloudStack
DigitalOcean
EMC Atmos
Enstratius
Eucalyptus
Fujitsu
GoGrid
Google Cloud Platform
GreenButton
GreenQloud
IBM cloud computing
iland
Joyent
Lunacloud
Nimbula
Nimbus
OpenNebula
OpenStack
OrionVM
Rackspace Cloud
SoftLayer
Zadara Storage
libvirt
libguestfs
OVirt
Virtual Machine Manager
Wakame-vdc
Virtual Private Cloud OnDemand





Technologies



Cloud database
Data centers
Distributed file system for cloud
Hardware virtualization
Internet
Networking
Security
Structured storage
Virtual appliance
Web APIs
Virtual Private Clouds








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Salesforce.com&oldid=791184294"					
Categories: 2004 initial public offeringsCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCRM software companiesCustomer relationship management softwareSoftware companies based in CaliforniaCompanies based in San FranciscoSoftware companies established in 1999Cloud applicationsCloud computing providersBusiness services companies established in 1999Cloud infrastructure attacks & failuresHidden categories: Wikipedia introduction cleanup from June 2017All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from June 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneUse mdy dates from July 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from May 2015All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing POV-check from June 2017All NPOV disputes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתҚазақшаNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 17:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Shaving Products: DR Harris and Parker | FREE UK Delivery




























































































Free UK shipping on all orders

 

 





Currency:
GBP
 


AUD - Australian DollarGBP - British Pound SterlingEUR - EuroUSD - US Dollar 


 
 
 
 














Menu



Search



Account










Shave Lounge - Traditional Shaving Products


 


 







Search


All


All

                    Skin Care                

                    Hair & Body                

                    Shaving Cream                

                    Shaving Brushes                

                    Razors                

                    Post-Shave                

                    Shaving Accessories                

                    Shaving Soap                

                    Pre-Shave                








Go


 







Basket
 

 


You have no items in your shopping basket.
 
 
 
 



Account
Wishlist
Log In



 

 
 
 
 
 






Menu





Shop by Department Shaving Pre-ShaveShaving CreamShaving SoapPost-ShaveShaving BrushesRazorsRazor BladesShaving AccessoriesShaving Kits & SetsShaving Starter KitsBeard & Moustache Beard CombsBeard OilBeard Shampoo & ConditionerMoustache WaxesSkin Care Face WashFace ScrubMoisturisersTonicsHair & Body DeodorantsBath & Body WashSoapsShampoo & ConditionerStyling ProductsToothpasteShop by Brand Above The TieBaxter of CaliforniaCastle ForbesDR. HarrisEdwin JaggerFeatherFineFlorisiKonMerkurMitchell'sMuhleOmegaProrasoRockwell RazorsRazoRockNewSaponificio VaresinoShave LoungeTaylor of Old Bond Street--View all BrandsNew InSale

Shaving Guides 
 



Shave Lounge Shaving Guides
Not sure how to use a safety razor? Can't decide which grade of hair you need when buying a shaving brush? Check out the Shave Lounge Shaving Guides for all your need-to-know shaving advice.
Shaving Guides



Safety Razor Guide
A simple guide explaining each different type of safety razor.
Read more



Clean Shave Guide
The Shave Lounge guide to achieving the cleanest shave.
Read more







 
 
 
 
 
 








Home



Shop by Department



Shaving



 


Shaving










Currently Shopping by:



Remove This Item
Brand:  DR Harris        

Remove This Item
Brand:  Parker        


Clear All







Shop By









                            Category                        



Shaving Cream
	                                            (14)
            

Shaving Soap
	                                            (19)
            

Post-Shave
	                                            (10)
            

Razors
	                                            (9)
            

Shaving Accessories
	                                            (2)
            

Shaving Kits & Sets
	                                            (1)
            










                            Product type                        



Aftershave
                                        (6)
            

After Shave Balm
                                        (4)
            

Razor Case
                                        (1)
            

Shaving Cream
                                        (14)
            

Shaving Mugs & Bowls
                                        (1)
            

Safety Razor
                                        (9)
            

Shaving Soap & Bowl
                                        (8)
            

Shaving Soap Refill
                                        (6)
            

Shaving Soap Stick
                                        (5)
            










                            Razor Head Type                        



Closed Comb
                                        (7)
            

Open Comb
                                        (2)
            










                            Brand                        



DR Harris
                                        (45)
            

Parker
                                        (10)
            

Above The Tie
                                        (35)
            

Agua de Colonia
                                        (1)
            

Antica Barbieria Colla
                                        (5)
            

Arko
                                        (1)
            

Astra
                                        (1)
            

Baxter of California
                                        (5)
            

Blind Barber
                                        (1)
            

Castle Forbes
                                        (8)
            

Cella
                                        (5)
            

Derby
                                        (1)
            

Edwin Jagger
                                        (48)
            

eShave
                                        (2)
            

Fatip
                                        (4)
            

Feather
                                        (12)
            

Fine
                                        (27)
            

Floris
                                        (6)
            

Giesen & Forsthoff
                                        (2)
            

Gillette
                                        (3)
            

Hawkins and Brimble
                                        (2)
            

HJM
                                        (3)
            

iKon
                                        (19)
            

Kai
                                        (4)
            

Klar Seifen
                                        (3)
            

Lucky Tiger
                                        (5)
            

Merkur
                                        (21)
            

Mitchells
                                        (2)
            

Muhle
                                        (75)
            

Musgo Real
                                        (8)
            

Myrsol
                                        (7)
            

Omega
                                        (35)
            

Osma
                                        (3)
            

Perma-Sharp
                                        (1)
            

Personna
                                        (1)
            

Pinaud Clubman
                                        (9)
            

Polsilver
                                        (1)
            

Proraso
                                        (26)
            

RazoRock
                                        (30)
            

Rockwell Razors
                                        (6)
            

Saponificio Varesino
                                        (30)
            

Semogue
                                        (18)
            

Shark
                                        (1)
            

Shave Lounge
                                        (5)
            

Simpsons
                                        (37)
            

Taylor of Old Bond Street
                                        (42)
            

The Legends London
                                        (1)
            

Timor
                                        (2)
            

Truefitt and Hill
                                        (18)
            

Voskhod
                                        (1)
            

Vulfix
                                        (3)
            

Wilkinson Sword
                                        (1)
            


Show Less
Show More











                            Scent                        



Sandalwood
                                        (7)
            

Lavender
                                        (2)
            

Mint/Menthol
                                        (2)
            

Citrus
                                        (12)
            

Floral
                                        (1)
            

Almond
                                        (3)
            

Other
                                        (6)
            










                            Price                        






£0
£62
£0 to £62













							Items 1 to 36 of 55 total					

Sort By


					Position				

					Price				

					Newest				




Show


					24				

					36				

					All				
 per page



 


Page:

1
2




 







 
DR. Harris Arlington After Shave Milk




£28.00 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR. Harris Sandalwood Aftershave




£28.00 


Out of stock
 






 
DR. Harris After Shave Milk




£28.00 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR. Harris Bay Rum Aftershave




£28.00 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR. Harris Marlborough Aftershave




£28.00 


Add to Basket
 







 
DR Harris Arlington Shaving Soap with Black Bowl




£32.50 


Out of stock
 






 
DR. Harris Sandalwood Shaving Soap Stick




£11.50 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR. Harris Arlington Aftershave




£28.00 


Add to Basket
 







 
DR Harris Twenty Nine Shaving Cream Bowl




£19.00 


Add to Basket
 







 
Parker 99R Butterfly Safety Razor




£20.95 


Add to Basket
 





New 
 
Parker Satin Chrome 'Variant' Adjustable Safety Razor




£49.90 


Out of stock
 






 
DR Harris Windsor Shaving Soap with Mahogany Bowl




£25.00 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR. Harris Sandalwood Aftershave Milk




£28.00 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR Harris Sandalwood Shaving Cream Tube




£11.50 


Add to Basket
 







 
DR Harris Lavender Shaving Soap




£11.50 


Add to Basket
 







 
Parker Black Leather Safety Razor Case




£8.95 


Add to Basket
 






 
Parker 26C Safety Razor




£19.95 


Out of stock
 






 
DR. Harris Pink After Shave




£28.00 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR Harris Almond Shaving Soap




£11.50 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR Harris Marlborough Shaving Cream Tube




£11.50 


Add to Basket
 






New 
 
DR Harris Marlborough Shaving Soap with Mahogany Bowl




£25.00 


Add to Basket
 







 
Parker 24C Safety Razor




£19.95 


Add to Basket
 





New 
 
Parker Graphite 'Variant' Adjustable Safety Razor




£49.90 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR Harris Windsor Shaving Soap with Beech Bowl




£22.50 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR Harris Arlington Shaving Soap




£11.50 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR. Harris Windsor Shaving Soap Stick




£11.50 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR Harris Marlborough Shaving Soap with Beech Bowl




£22.50 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR Harris Sandalwood Shaving Set




£61.50 


Out of stock
 







 
Parker 91R Safety Razor




£19.95 


Add to Basket
 






 
Parker 87R Butterfly Safety Razor




£19.95 


Out of stock
 






 
DR. Harris Windsor Aftershave Milk




£28.00 


Out of stock
 







 
DR. Harris Windsor Aftershave




£28.00 


Add to Basket
 






 
DR Harris Eucalyptus Shaving Cream Tube




£11.50 


Add to Basket
 







 
Parker 65R Safety Razor




£19.95 


Out of stock
 







 
Parker A1R Travel Safety Razor




£20.95 


Out of stock
 






 
DR Harris Arlington Shaving Soap with Mahogany Bowl




£25.00 


Add to Basket
 






							Items 1 to 36 of 55 total					

Sort By


					Position				

					Price				

					Newest				




Show


					24				

					36				

					All				
 per page



 


Page:

1
2




 



 


Shop By









Currently Shopping by:



Remove This Item
Brand:  DR Harris        

Remove This Item
Brand:  Parker        


Clear All

                                                Shopping Options                                            





 
                        Category                                            



Shaving Cream
	                                            (14)
            

Shaving Soap
	                                            (19)
            

Post-Shave
	                                            (10)
            

Razors
	                                            (9)
            

Shaving Accessories
	                                            (2)
            

Shaving Kits & Sets
	                                            (1)
            






 
                        Product type                                            



Aftershave
                                        (6)
            

After Shave Balm
                                        (4)
            

Razor Case
                                        (1)
            

Shaving Cream
                                        (14)
            

Shaving Mugs & Bowls
                                        (1)
            

Safety Razor
                                        (9)
            

Shaving Soap & Bowl
                                        (8)
            

Shaving Soap Refill
                                        (6)
            

Shaving Soap Stick
                                        (5)
            






 
                        Razor Head Type                                            



Closed Comb
                                        (7)
            

Open Comb
                                        (2)
            






 
                        Brand                                            



DR Harris
                                        (45)
            

Parker
                                        (10)
            

Above The Tie
                                        (35)
            

Agua de Colonia
                                        (1)
            

Antica Barbieria Colla
                                        (5)
            

Arko
                                        (1)
            

Astra
                                        (1)
            

Baxter of California
                                        (5)
            

Blind Barber
                                        (1)
            

Castle Forbes
                                        (8)
            

Cella
                                        (5)
            

Derby
                                        (1)
            

Edwin Jagger
                                        (48)
            

eShave
                                        (2)
            

Fatip
                                        (4)
            

Feather
                                        (12)
            

Fine
                                        (27)
            

Floris
                                        (6)
            

Giesen & Forsthoff
                                        (2)
            

Gillette
                                        (3)
            

Hawkins and Brimble
                                        (2)
            

HJM
                                        (3)
            

iKon
                                        (19)
            

Kai
                                        (4)
            

Klar Seifen
                                        (3)
            

Lucky Tiger
                                        (5)
            

Merkur
                                        (21)
            

Mitchells
                                        (2)
            

Muhle
                                        (75)
            

Musgo Real
                                        (8)
            

Myrsol
                                        (7)
            

Omega
                                        (35)
            

Osma
                                        (3)
            

Perma-Sharp
                                        (1)
            

Personna
                                        (1)
            

Pinaud Clubman
                                        (9)
            

Polsilver
                                        (1)
            

Proraso
                                        (26)
            

RazoRock
                                        (30)
            

Rockwell Razors
                                        (6)
            

Saponificio Varesino
                                        (30)
            

Semogue
                                        (18)
            

Shark
                                        (1)
            

Shave Lounge
                                        (5)
            

Simpsons
                                        (37)
            

Taylor of Old Bond Street
                                        (42)
            

The Legends London
                                        (1)
            

Timor
                                        (2)
            

Truefitt and Hill
                                        (18)
            

Voskhod
                                        (1)
            

Vulfix
                                        (3)
            

Wilkinson Sword
                                        (1)
            


Show Less
Show More







 
                        Scent                                            



Sandalwood
                                        (7)
            

Lavender
                                        (2)
            

Mint/Menthol
                                        (2)
            

Citrus
                                        (12)
            

Floral
                                        (1)
            

Almond
                                        (3)
            

Other
                                        (6)
            






 
                        Price                                            







£0
£62
£0 to £62


 





Compare Products                    


You have no items to compare.













 
 
 





 
About Shave Lounge


Shave Lounge provides the best in men's shaving and grooming products from top brands including Merkur, Muhle, Truefitt & Hill, Edwin Jagger and Proraso. We stock a large range of DE safety razors, shaving brushes, shaving creams and other shaving treatments.
Read more about us



 
Customer Service


Free UK Delivery
Delivery Costs
Returns & Refunds
Contact Us
FAQs
Price Match
5% Cashback
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions


 
Popular Categories


DE Safety Razors
Shaving Brushes
Traditional Shaving Creams
DE Safety Razor Blades
Shaving Starter Kits
Pre-Shave Oil
Shaving Stands
Shaving Soap
After Shave Balms


 
Popular Brands


Above the Tie
Baxter of California
DR. Harris
Edwin Jagger
Feather
Merkur
Muhle
Proraso
Truefitt & Hill


  



















 




Newsletter



Subscribe






 
 
 






© 2007-2017 Nkd Man Ltd T/A Shave Lounge. All Rights Reserved.



 
 
 


 
 



Please wait...





 


