

FRANK W. HARRIS & ASSOCIATES, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    FRANK W. HARRIS & ASSOCIATES, INC.











Company number P06000111337
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 205367312
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 8/25/2006
        

Principal Address
            872 COVENTRY ST., BOCA RATON, FL, 33487
            


Mailing Address 872 COVENTRY ST., BOCA RATON, FL, 33487
        
FRANK W. HARRIS & ASSOCIATES, INC. Principals

Director, R
                Harris Frank W
                 


Address
                872 COVENTRY ST., BOCA RATON, FL, 33487
                 







Last Annual Reports

2016 1/19/2016
            

2016 1/19/2016
            

2015 1/9/2015
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name HARRIS              FRANK         W (p)
        

Agent Address
                872 COVENTRY ST., BOCA RATON, FL, 33487
                

Description
FRANK W. HARRIS & ASSOCIATES, INC. has been set up 8/25/2006 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The FRANK W. HARRIS & ASSOCIATES, INC. principal adress is 872 COVENTRY ST., BOCA RATON, FL, 33487. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 872 COVENTRY ST., BOCA RATON, FL, 33487. 
The company`s registered agent is HARRIS              FRANK         W 872 COVENTRY ST., BOCA RATON, FL, 33487.  
The company`s management are Director, R - Harris Frank W. The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 1/19/2016.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
FRANK WHARTON, INC.
FRANK W. HESSION, P.A.
FRANK, WHITE-BOYD, HAYES, P.A.
FRANK WHITE ENTERPRISES
FRANK WHITE PLASTERING INC
FRANK WHITNEY SERVICES INC











 


Frank Harris | Professional Profile
 





























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Frank HarrisVP Product Management at BettermentLocationGreater New York City AreaIndustryInternetCurrentBettermentPreviousVelocity, Cover [Acquired by Velocity], RadicoEducationUniversity of GeorgiaRecommendations6 people have recommended FrankWebsitesPersonal Website500+ connectionsView Frank’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Frank’s Full ProfileFrank’s ActivityI'm thrilled to announce that Eric Rosenthal has joined our...Frank likedSummarySeasoned product leader with a background in design, engineering, and data-driven product development. Expertise in marketplaces, mobile experiences, search, and discovery.Experience managing and growing teams of 20+. Consensus builder and motivator who works across an organization.  Loves solving big, challenging problems.ExperienceVP Product ManagementBettermentMarch 2016  –  Present (1 year 5 months)Greater New York City AreaBetterment is the largest, fastest-growing automated investing service, helping people to better manage and grow their wealth through smarter technology.EVP Product & EngineeringVelocitySeptember 2015  –  February 2016 (6 months)Greater New York City AreaLed and managed 20+ person product & engineering team co-located in London and New York focusing on restaurant discovery, reservations and payments. Owned product roadmap and reported into Co-founders.Product LeadCover [Acquired by Velocity]August 2014  –  September 2015 (1 year 2 months)Defined and executed product roadmap for consumer (Android, iOS), merchant (iOS) apps, and marketing platforms for restaurant mobile payments startup in 3 cities and 300+ restaurants.  Recruited design and engineering teams.Co-Founder, ProductRadicoDecember 2013  –  May 2014 (6 months)Co-founded; raised a seed round to build SaaS solutions to help grow marketplaces with big data, analytics, and advertising. Recruited engineering talent.Group Product ManagerEtsySeptember 2012  –  November 2013 (1 year 3 months)Directly managed 10+ product managers and engineers responsible for the consumer experience and Etsy's second revenue stream, a seller advertisement platform. Collaborated closely with CEO, CFO, and company leaders to translate high-level company goals into product offerings; managed the product roadmap for these areas, oversaw execution and managed staffing.Product owner and individual contributor for the overhaul and relaunch of Etsy’s core buyer-facing page – resulting in our biggest experimental win in Etsy history and a direct lift to sales.Product ManagerEtsyApril 2011  –  September 2012 (1 year 6 months)Led data-driven product development team of 5 engineers, 1 designer and 1 analyst to build for search and discovery features including rankings, recommendations, search user experience, and analytics.Two key launches: Built a self-service advertising system for sellers, a sustainable and significant revenue stream for Etsy.  Iterated and improved the “relevancy” search ranking and made it the default.Nurtured a data-driven (quantitative and qualitative) culture through A/B experiments, mentoring colleagues and personally building from scratch an internal tool for communicating and coordinating launches.Sr. User Experience DesignerGoogleJuly 2008  –  April 2011 (2 years 10 months)Design Lead for Google Checkout and related initiatives. Responsible for the overall UX to ensure a consistent experience throughout Google and their commerce partners.  Regularly collaborated with product management, engineering leads, and user research to understand user needs and scope features. Contributed on Book Search, Finance, Moderator and NGOs.User Experience DesignerGoogleJuly 2006  –  2008 (2 years)Design Lead for Google News focusing on search and discovery. Also contributed on Transit, Maps and Blog Search. Interaction Designer and UI DeveloperThe Washington PostAugust 2002  –  May 2006 (3 years 10 months)Focused on the front end development and UI design of advertising, circulation and other supporting systems for the newspaper.ProjectsNYC Summer FilmsStarting June 2014Daily reminders of free movies playing Summer 2014 in NYC. 15+ Film Series. 24+ Venues. 190+ Movies. 200+ Showtimes. Learn more: http://hrfnk.us/1hU3PxfTeam members: Frank HarrisNYC Gas FinderStarting September 2012Real-time updates during Hurricane Sandy gas shortage  to identify stations with gas in the NYC area based on transaction data. Coverage by The Huffington Post: http://hrfnk.us/1QW76BATeam members: Frank HarrisGithubStarting January 2010My Github repositories.Team members: Frank HarrisSkillsUser ExperienceInformation ArchitectureInteraction DesignUser InterfaceUser Interface DesignCSSProduct ManagementJavaScriptOnline AdvertisingHTMLUser-centered DesignAdvertisingE-commerceWeb AnalyticsSearchSee 34+PHPUsability TestingWeb DevelopmentProduct DesignUsabilityHuman Computer InteractionPrototypingXHTMLWeb DesignProduct StrategyInformation DesignProduct DevelopmentDjangoPythonHTML emailsHTML 5WebAnalyticsStart-upsConsultingData AnalysisSEOGoogle App EngineAmazon Web Services (AWS)Google AnalyticsUser Experience DesignWeb ApplicationsWireframesUser ResearchMobile DesignA/B testingMobile DevicesManagementMobile ApplicationsSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationUniversity of GeorgiaBachelor of Business Administration (BBA), ManagementBachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Management1998  –  2002RecommendationsA preview of what LinkedIn members have to say about Frank:Frank is one of the best product leads I've ever met. Watching him work his magic first at Cover and then at Velocity was incredible. He set an agenda, got great work from his team, and delivered one outstanding piece of work after another.See moreSee lessFrank and I worked closely together for three years shipping large, high-impact projects at Etsy and then Cover, and I can confidently say he’s the best product leader I’ve ever had the opportunity to work with.

As a product person, Frank is great at knowing the right problems to solve and balancing the needs of day-to-day execution with the pursuit of the overall vision. He knows when to take on new initiatives and when to make optimizations. Every team I’ve been on with Frank has had incredible momentum. He’s a natural leader, keeping the team on a fast cadence and quickly earning their trust and respect. His tireless enthusiasm gets folks excited about taking on hard problems and working together to hit goals.

One of my favorite things about Frank is how he uses data to not only drive product decisions, but also to empower individuals. He constantly shares insights and analysis to inform and motivate the team. Working with Frank will mean doing your job better because he helps you understand the product, the problem, and your users more intimately. On top of all of this, Frank is just an awesome teammate. He’s someone the team loved working with everyday and who I’d gladly work with anytime.See moreSee lessSign up to see who recommended FrankView Frank’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Frank directlyView Frank’s Full ProfileNot the Frank you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedDustin LucienCOO at BettermentMichael BallardChristina KaneDirector of Talent Acquisition at BettermentMegan HughesDirector of Product at BettermentSarah R. KaufmanDirector of Brand and Content at BettermentLucy BabbageVP of People at BettermentSamantha CepposDirector, Acquisition Marketing at BettermentMike ReustVP of Engineering at BettermentCynthia LohTechnology Disrupter ★ Dynamic Leadership ★ Executive Management ★ B2B ★ Startup & Turn Around StrategistSam SwiftDirector of Machine Learning at BettermentPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Frank HarrisFirst NameLast NameExample:  Frank HarrisFrank HarrisVice President Global Generic PharmaceuticalsUnited StatesFrank HarrisSenior Director, Enterprise IT Infrastructure at Green Mountain Coffee RoastersUnited StatesFrank HarrisPresident/ CEO Harris investigationsUnited StatesJoe Frank Harris, Jr.Attorney At LawUnited StatesFrank HarrisSenior Project Manager at New Atlantic Contracting, Inc.United StatesMore professionals named Frank HarrisLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country























Frank Wright Harris - Phoenix, AZ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Frank Wright Harris in Phoenix, AZ


Frank Wright Harris

                                                                           Intelius found that Frank Wright Harris  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Phoenix, AZ.  We have connected them to
                22 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Frank C Harris


Get Report Now

Age

Frank Wright Harris is in his 60s

Frank Has Lived In

Phoenix, AZ
Houston, TX
Vail, AZ

Frank's Relatives

Elaine Gordon
Najwa Harris
Winfred Gordon
Wyatt Harris







Frank Wright Harris



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Assistant Vice President and Mortgage Loan Officer at Homestreet Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Frank? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Frank, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Frank Wright Harris
Get a Criminal Check on Frank Wright Harris
Get a Public Record Report on Frank Wright Harris
Get a People Search Report on Frank Wright Harris


Frank Wright Harris's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Frank Wright Harris has lived as well as Frank Wright Harris's phone numbers and email addresses.




Frank Wright Harris Has Lived in 5 States
Arizona Address for Frank Wright Harris


1409 W G******* A** 

Phoenix, AZ


Has Lived In

Phoenix, AZ
Houston, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Frank Wright Harris

(520) ***-**** - Tucson, AZ 
(520) ***-**** - Tucson, AZ 
(336) ***-****


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Frank Wright Harris

f******s@***.com


Get Email Report




Frank Wright Harris's Professional Information
Information regarding Frank Wright Harris's professional history.  Find out previous places Frank Wright Harris has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Frank Wright Harris Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Homestreet Inc
               Title: Assistant Vice President and Mortgage Loan Officer
Frank Wright Harris's Experience
Title: Assistant Vice President and Mortgage Loan Officer
               Company: Homestreet Inc
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Frank Wright Harris

 See Frank Wright Harris's LinkedIn Profile



Frank Wright Harris's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Frank Wright Harris


Frank Wright Harris's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Frank Wright Harris's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Frank Harris
Username Matches

                  FrankHarris
                  HarrisFrank
                  Frank.Harris
                  Harris.Frank
                  Frank_Harris
                  Harris_Frank
                  Frank-Harris
                  Harris-Frank
                  FHarris
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
F Harris







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.



















Harris, Frank W. 13-1 in Neosho County, KS | Operated by Postrock Midcontinent Production LLC

 



















Login   |   Register








Site Navigation...
Home
Operators
Leases
Wells
Permits
Pricing
Search
Map
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
















Harris, Frank W. 13-1

Home
/
 Neosho County, KS
 /   Postrock Midcontinent Production LLC
 /  Harris, Frank W. 13-1  









Lease Summary





Lease Name: Harris, Frank W. 13-1
Operator: Postrock Midcontinent Production LLC
County: Neosho County, KS
Production Dates on File: July 2007 to March 2017
1 Total Wells
896 MCF of Gas Produced in Feb 2017







Map of Wells Associated with Harris, Frank W. 13-1

















Production By Month For Harris, Frank W. 13-1





Instantly Access Production Data
Subscribe now to receive immediate access to  Harris, Frank W. 13-1 oil and gas production  between July 2007 and March 2017

 





Wells Associated With Harris, Frank W. 13-1
Production Based on February 2017 Data







API #
Well Name
Status
Spud Date
Completion Date


# 15-133-26923
HARRIS, FRANK W. 13-1
Producing
2007-05-03
2007-05-08


 





Leases Near Harris, Frank W. 13-1




Allmon, Michael J. 18-1 Lease
Beachner Bro 1 Lease
Beachner Bro 2 Lease
Beard,P.H. 13-1 Lease
Blackburn, Mark R. 18-1 Lease
Boaz,A.Est 13-1 Lease
Harris, Frank W. 14-1 Lease
Hines Living Trust 13-1 Lease
Hines,J.L. 14-1 Lease
Hines,L. 12-1 Lease
Hunn,G.S. 12-1 Lease
Johnson,P. 12-1 Lease
Mary Louise Hines Rev. Trust 18-1 Lease
River Farms Inc 12-1 Lease
Strange, Larry J. 18-1 Lease



 





Operators in the Area




Bowen Oil & Expl
Brecheisen & Spooner
Bridwell, Kayla & Gary
Carroll Energy, LLC
Entransco Energy, LLC
Holtom, Bill, A General Partnership
Maxam Incorporat
MSG Resources Inc.
Pennine Resc Inc
Phillips J L Oil
Quest Cherokee, LLC
River Rock Operating, LLC
See Oil
Soule, Richard A.
Strange, Glenn



 












© 2017 DrillingEdge, Inc. All rights reserved.



Home
Contact
Privacy
Terms















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




   Frank Harris | Akron Polymer Systems, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com



Herman W. Frank: Partner of Harris & Frank Department Store | JMAW - Jewish Museum of the American West













































JMAW – Jewish Museum of the American West







Home
About Us
Why The Jews?
Exhibition Halls
Indexes
Donations
Announcements & Information
Wall of Honor
Affiliates
Submissions

Submissions – Jewish Pioneers
Submissions – Organization
Submissions – Synagogue


Contact Us
 









Herman W. Frank: Partner of Harris & Frank Department Store














Want create site? Find Free WordPress Themes and plugins.Herman Washington Frank
Herman W. Frank, 1902
Values Code: – I-E-P
Herman W. Frank was third child in a family of ten children.
He was born in Walla Walla, Washington in 1860 and attended Whitman Academy.
At the age of thirteen his father’s store went into bankruptcy, so Herman went to work as an apprentice clerk in a general merchandise store 13 miles away in Weston, Oregon.
In his autobiography he describes the proceedure for waiting on a “charge” customer: first writing each item down on a piece of brown wrapping paper, then writing it again in the daily charge book. After dinner, by candlelight, he would transfer the information into a leather-bound book using a Spencerian pens with a 404 point for the items and a 301 point for the sale price.
Merchandising Career
Growing up, Herman Frank became a traveling salesman for W.& I. Steinhart & Co. of San Francisco, a dry goods wholesaler.
In Los Angeles he met Leopold Harris who was doing business under the name of The London Clothing Store. He sold Harris a very large order of merchandise.
For a number of years, Herman Frank continued to travel the West as a “dummer,” a traveling salesmen.
Harris & Frank Co.
Herman Frank heard that Leopold Harris was looking for a younger partner and wrote to him about the position. He was accepted, but on probation. Herman proved himself an exceptional worker.
Harris & Frank, 1903
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Herman Frank also started a relationship with Sarah Harris, Leopold’s daughter. The wedding was held in 1888.
Without any request by Herman, Leopold Harris made his new son-in-law general manager of the business and a partner – a relationship that lasted for twenty-five years.
The store’s name, The London Clothing Company, was changed to Harris & Frank and relocated to new location. Harris & Frank was the first store to feature a “Christmas Effect” with its windows during the holidays.
Herman and Sarah’s other business interests included the Alfred Sloan Winery at Mira Loma.
Mrs. Herman Frank (Sarah)
 


Community
Herman Frank served as treasurer of Congregation B’nai B’rith (today – Wilshire Boulevard Temple) and participated in the synagogue’s cornerstone-laying ceremony in 1896.
Civic
Herman Frank  was also served as President of the Los Angeles Board of Education for 10 years and the United Charities, which was the forerunner of the United Fund.
Family
Herman W. Frank of Harris & Frank Department Store, c 1888
Herman and Sarah had two sons.
Their son Lawrence was a founder of the Jewish Big Brothers Association of Los Angeles in 1916.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Harris & Frank, 1903, #WS0100
 
Harris & Frank Department Store, Los Angeles,Vintage Postcard
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
More information can be found in the following issues of Western States Jewish History:

Frank, Herman and Leopold Harris; Interview with Lawrence P. Frank; Beverly Hills; 1968; Norton Stern; 41/3

and

Scrapbook of a Western Pioneer, by Herman W. Frank, Times-Mirror Press, 1934.

 ========================================
Jews in the News
   About this Time
Los Angeles Union Paper on Jacoby Brothers — 1894
Jacoby Brothers continue to handle Chinese-made clothing and prison-made shoes. They also advertise in the Chinaman’s great and good friend and advocate, the Times. Workingmen will make no mistake in giving Jacoby Brothers a wide berth. All the same to my friend Otis.
 
—California Federationist, Los Angeles, September 15, 1894, WSJH, Vol. 10, #4. This newspaper was published under the auspices of the Los Angeles County Council of Labor. The Otis referred to was Harrison Gray Otis, publisher of the Los Angeles Times.
======================================
 
 
Did you find apk for android? You can find new Free Android Games and apps.



On October 30, 2012                                        /   Los Angeles Exhibit Hall, Los Angeles Jewish Pioneers      
                                







Jewish Values I-HELP
  I = Integrity; as perceived by others

  H = Knowledge of Jewish History

  E = Education

  L = Multi-language ability

  P = Philanthropy

Quick Links Back to LA Pioneers
Back to LA Exhibit Halls
LA Community Organizations
LA Special Exhibits
Search
Search for:



  
More Jewish Pioneers 
John Jones: Early Los Angeles Jewish Pioneer

Al Levy, Jewish Pioneer Restaurateur of Los Angeles & Hollywood

Herman Silver: Los Angeles Jewish Civic Leader, Water Commissioner & Founder of Silverlake

Emanuel Schreibner: First Official “Reform” Rabbi of Los Angeles

Bernard Cohn: Pioneer Jewish Merchant & Civic Leader

Harris Newmark: The First Jewish “Patriarch” and Historian of Jewish Los Angeles

Maurice Kremer: Very Early Pioneer Jewish Merchant and Civil Servant of Los Angeles

Lemuel Goldwater: California Garment Industry Pioneer

Morris L. Goodman, First Jewish Councilman of Los Angeles and a Founder of Anaheim

Samuel Prager: Early Los Angeles Pioneer Jewish Merchant
 
Become a Donor
Subscribe to Western States Jewish History Journal











© 2017 Jewish Museum of the American West, powered by Yeti Inc 


Back to Top

























Polymide lcd alignment layer - HARRIS FRANK W.











































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    Polymide lcd alignment layer                





                United States Patent Application 20040138408            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            A polyimide comprises a reaction product of at least one dianhydride and at least one diamine, wherein the at least one diamine contains a pendent mesogenic group. A method for inducing a predetermined orientation of a liquid crystal material is also disclosed. The method includes applying an alignment layer material to a substrate and buffing the alignment layer material, thereby providing an alignment layer with a pre-tilt angle, wherein the alignment layer material is a reaction product of at least one dianhydride and at least one diamine, wherein the at least one diamine contains a pendent mesogenic group.        















Inventors:

                            Harris, Frank W. (Akron, OH, US)                
                            Cheng, Stephen Z. (Hudson, OH, US)                




Application Number:

            10/250828        



Publication Date:

            07/15/2004        



Filing Date:

            01/15/2004        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            HARRIS FRANK W.                
                            CHENG STEPHEN Z                




Primary Class:

528/354 



Other Classes:

                                    428/543                            



International Classes:

C08G73/10; (IPC1-7): C08G69/08; C08G63/08; C08G73/10        





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20040138408                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20090221844Guanidine-substituted resin for transesterificationSeptember, 2009Banavali et al.20060058493Novel chain extender useful in the manufacture of polyurethanes and the corresponding polyurethanesMarch, 2006Lindsay et al.20050143550Solid state polymerized medical devicesJune, 2005Wang20090200071RESIN COMPOSITION, PREPREG, LAMINATE, AND WIRING BOARDAugust, 2009Morita et al.20090209723POLYURETHANE RESINS, A METHOD FOR THE PRODUCTION THEREOF AND OPTICAL LENSES MADE OF SAID RESINSAugust, 2009Lesartre et al.20060205920Phosphorours dendrimers, preparation method thereof and use of same for the extraction of actinides and lanthanidesSeptember, 2006Dozol et al.20070166535Thermoplastic polyimide composition and double-sided flexible copper clad laminate using the sameJuly, 2007Lu et al.20090198024FORMALDEHYDE-FREE, CARBONYL- AND RING-HYDROGENATED KETONE-ALDEHYDE RESINS BASED ON ALKYL ARYL KETONES AND FORMALDEHYDE WHICH HAVE A LOW OH FUNCTIONALITY AND A PROCESS FOR PREPARING THEMAugust, 2009Glöckner et al.20100009581MEANS FOR FIRE PROTECTION OF PIPES, PIPE JOINTS, FLANGES, VALVES, INSULATION AND STEEL CONSTRUCTIONSJanuary, 2010Stenseide20100048852High impact poly(urethane urea) polysulfidesFebruary, 2010Bojkova et al.20090281237POLYCARBOSILANE, METHOD FOR PRODUCING SAME, SILICA COMPOSITION FOR COATING APPLICATION, AND SILICA FILMNovember, 2009Nakagawa et al. 













Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            Roetzel & Andress,George W Moxon II (222 South Main Street, Akron, OH, 44308, US)                





Claims:

We claim: 
                1. A polyimide comprising a reaction product of: at least one dianhydride and at least one diamine, wherein the at least one diamine contains a pendent mesogenic group, with the proviso that when the at least one dianhydride is 2,2′-bis-(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)-1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoropropane dianhydride or dibromo-biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride, the at least one diamine is not 123 wherein A is selected from the group consisting of O and COO.                    
                    2. The polyimide of claim 1, wherein the at least one diamine comprises: a backbone portion, a methylene spacer, a linking group, and a pendent mesogenic group, and wherein the pendent mesogenic group is attached to the methylene spacer, the methylene spacer is attached to the linking group, and the linking group is attached to the backbone portion, and wherein linking group is selected from the group consisting of an ester and an ether.                    
                    3. The polyimide of claim 1, wherein the at least one diamine is selected from the group consisting of compounds represented by formulas I and II, 124 wherein R1 is selected from the group consisting of an ester and an ether, R2 is a mesogenic group, R3 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and halogens, and x is a positive number.                    
                    4. The polyimide of claim 3, wherein x is an integer between 6 and 18.                    
                    5. The polyimide of claim 3, wherein x is 6.                    
                    6. The polyimide of claim 3, wherein R3 is bromine.                    
                    7. The polyimide of claim 1, additionally comprising a functional group.                    
                    8. The polyimide of claim 1, wherein the diamine contains a substituent selected from the group consisting of compounds containing one or more of the subunits represented by formulas III, IV, V, and VI, 125 wherein R4 is selected from the group consisting of an ester, an ether, a methylene group, a vinyl group and combinations thereof, and X is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and an organic group having from 1 to 20 carbon atoms, with the proviso that when the at least one dianhydride is 2,2′-bis-(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)-1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoropropane dianhydride or dibromo-biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride, the substituent is not represented by formula V.                    
                    9. The polyimide of claim 1, wherein the polyimide is an alignment layer material for a liquid crystal device.                    
                    10. The polyimide of claim 9, wherein the alignment layer provides a pre-tilt angle of at least about 20° in a single layer.                    
                    11. The polyimide of claim 9, wherein the alignment layer material provides a pre-tilt angle of greater than or equal to about 39° in a single layer.                    
                    12. The polyimide of claim 9, wherein the alignment layer material provides a pre-tilt angle of greater than about 40° in a single layer.                    
                    13. The polyimide of claim 1, wherein the polyimide is an alignment layer material for a LC display optical compensator.                    
                    14. A method for inducing a predetermined orientation of a liquid crystal material comprising: applying an alignment layer material to a substrate; and buffing the alignment layer material, thereby providing an alignment layer with a pre-tilt angle, wherein the alignment layer material is a reaction product of at least one dianhydride and at least one diamine, and wherein the at least one diamine contains a pendent mesogenic group.                    
                    15. The method of claim 14, wherein the at least one diamine comprises: a backbone portion, a methylene spacer, a linking group, and a pendent mesogenic group, and wherein the pendent mesogenic group is attached to the methylene spacer, the methylene spacer is attached to the linking group, and the linking group is attached to the backbone portion, and wherein linking group is selected from the group consisting of an ester and an ether.                    
                    16. The method of claim 14, wherein the at least one diamine is selected from the group consisting of compounds represented by formulas I and II, 126 wherein R1 is selected from the group consisting of an ester and an ether, R2 is a mesogenic group, R3 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and halogens, and x is a positive integer.                    
                    17. The method of claim 16, wherein x is an integer between 6 and 18.                    
                    18. The method of claim 14, wherein the at least one diamine contains a substituent selected from the group consisting of compounds containing one or more of the subunits represented by formulas III, IV, V, and VI, 127 wherein R4 is selected from the group consisting of an ester, an ether, a methylene group, a vinyl group and combinations thereof, and X is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and an organic group having from 1 to 20 carbon atoms, with the proviso that when the at least one dianhydride is 2,2′-bis-(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)-1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoropropane dianhydride or dibromo-biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride, the substituent is not represented by formula V.                    
                    19. The method of claim 14, wherein the pre-tilt angle provided by a single layer of alignment layer material is greater than about 200.                    
                    20. The method of claim 14, wherein the pre-tilt angle provided by a single layer of alignment layer material is greater than or equal to about 39°.                    




Description:

CROSS REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS [0001] This application claims benefit of pending U.S. Provisional Application Nos. 60/259,162 and 60/259,235, both filed on Jan. 2, 2001.BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION [0002] Liquid Crystal Displays (LCD) are currently used for a variety of display applications, such as watch faces, calculators, computer screens and other types of electronic equipment. LCD technology offers widely known advantages over traditional display technologies such as cathode ray tubes. Among these advantages are low weight and low power consumption. [0003] Liquid crystal displays, however, have previously been considered to provide a narrower field of view than traditional display technologies, such as the previously mentioned cathode ray tubes. [0004] Liquid crystal displays typically contain a plurality of liquid crystal cells. Each liquid crystal cell generally contains a liquid crystal material sandwiched between two substrates. Located on either side of the liquid crystal material is a set of electrodes which are typically indium-tin oxide (ITO) or tin oxide. A pair of polarizing filters is located outside of the substrates, with each filter on an opposite side of the liquid crystal cell. The polarizers are oriented at right angles relative to each other. The orientation of the liquid crystal material in the cell determines whether light passes through each polarizer in the absence of external influence such as an electric field, thereby giving a transparent appearance, or whether light is blocked by one of the polarizers, thereby giving the cell a darkened appearance. The orientation of the liquid crystal material is changed by the application of an electric field by the electrodes to alter light transmission through the cell. Typically, the liquid crystal material is aligned such that the cell appears opaque or transparent absent an application of an electric field through the electrodes. When an electric field is applied to such a cell, the orientation of the liquid crystal material is altered in such a way as to prevent the transmission of light through the cell, making the cell appear darkened. [0005] The orientation of a liquid crystal material at its surface is dependent on the orientation of material it comes in contact with. It is known to coat the surface of a substrate with an agent which influences the orientation of a liquid crystal material that comes in contact with the coated substrate. Such coating agents are known as alignment layers. Various materials and methods have been used in establishing an alignment layer of a desired orientation. For example, it is known in the art that an alignment layer may comprise anisotropically absorbing molecules which can be oriented by exposure to polarized light. Inorganic thin films, such as metal oxide films, which have been deposited on a substrate at an oblique angle can also be used as alignment layers as disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,638,197. [0006] It is also known to use a polymeric alignment layer which can be oriented by means of a mechanical buffing process. In such a process, a polymer layer is applied to a substrate and is buffed with a cloth or other fibrous material. Liquid crystal material coming into contact with a surface treated in this way typically aligns itself parallel to the direction of buffing. [0007] Polyimides are frequently used as a polymeric alignment material for liquid crystal cells and for optical compensator layers including O-plate compensators. Polyimides generally display good chemical stability and are easily deposited on a substrate and rubbed. Polyimides are generally prepared by contacting a diamine with an acid anhydride, producing a polyamic acid. This polyamic acid may be coated onto a substrate and heat treated at about 150°-230° C., converting the polyamic acid to a polyimide. The polyimide film is then mechanically rubbed as mentioned above. [0008] Inducing the proper orientation of liquid crystal material is important in optical compensators. As mentioned above, LCDs frequently have a narrow field of view. It is frequently desirable to increase this field of view especially in applications such as computer displays, avionic displays and televisions. The viewing zone of an LCD that is not equipped with an optical compensator is narrow because light leaks through the liquid crystal material when viewed at angles other than those close to normal relative to the surface of the liquid crystal. Such light leakage degrades the image quality and can also cause color shifts in color LCDs. Optical compensators have been used to increase the viewable angle of LCDs without negatively affecting image quality when viewed normal to the surface of the LCD. Optical compensators typically take the form of an additional layer of liquid crystal material located between a polarizer and the viewing area, on the outer surface of an LCD. This liquid crystal material may be given a specific orientation under the influence of an alignment layer material. [0009] O-plate compensation films, or O-plate compensators, are one type of optical compensator. O-plate compensators generally minimize reversal of gray levels and improve overall gray scale stability. O-plate compensators have been previously described as comprising a positive birefringent material which has a principle optic axis oriented at an oblique angle relative to the surface of the liquid crystal layer. An oblique angle includes any angle between 0° and 90°. In previous O-plate compensators, this angle has been provided in various ways. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 5,619,352 describes an O-plate compensator which includes an alignment layer, a liquid crystal pretilt layer, and a liquid crystal compensator layer. The described O-plate compensator depends on the liquid crystal pre-tilt layer to provide an adequate pre-tilt angle for the liquid crystal compensator layer because the alignment layer produces only a 1° to 10° liquid crystal pretilt angle at the alignment layer/liquid crystal pre-tilt layer interface. The described O-plate compensator therefore depends on multiple layers of liquid crystal material to provide an adequate angle of orientation of the liquid crystal material. A similar O-plate compensator is also described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,986,734 and PCT Application No. WO 96/10770. The use of high pre-tilt alignment layers is also known in LCDs known as pi-cells. [0010] It should be appreciated that the term “pre-tilt angle” has frequently been used in the prior art to describe a final angle provided by a combination of an alignment layer and a liquid crystal layer. Heretofore, no single polyimide alignment layer for a liquid crystal layer has provided a pre-tilt angle greater than about 15°. [0011] Therefore, there is a need for a polyimide alignment layer material which can provide a high, uniform pre-tilt angle. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION [0012] In general, the present invention provides a polyimide comprising a reaction product of at least one dianhydride and at least one diamine, wherein the at least one diamine contains a mesogenic group, with the proviso that when the at least one dianhydride is 2,2′-bis-(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)-1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoropropane dianhydride (6FDA) or dibromo-biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride, the at least one diamine is not  
1
[0013] wherein A is selected from the group consisting of O and COO. [0014] The present invention also provides a method for inducing a predetermined orientation of a liquid crystal material, the method comprising applying an alignment layer material to a substrate, and buffing the alignment layer material, thereby providing an alignment layer with a pre-tilt angle, wherein the alignment layer material is a reaction product of at least one dianhydride and at least one diamine, and wherein the at least one diamine contains a pendent mesogenic group.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE SEVERAL VIEWS OF THE DRAWINGS [0015] FIG. 1 is a schematic summary of a method of preparing a mesogenic group of the present invention. [0016] FIG. 2 is a graph showing the pre-tilt angles of the, polyimides 6FDA/C6CN and 6FDA/C6CN (ether) after heat treatment at various temperatures. [0017] FIG. 3 is a graph showing the pre-tilt angles of the polyimides 6FDA/C6CN and 6FDA/C6BP after heat treatment at various temperatures. [0018] FIG. 4 is a graph showing the pre-tilt angles of the polyimides 6FDA/C6CN and 6FDA/C11CN after heat treatment at various temperatures. [0019] FIG. 5 is a graph showing the pre-tilt angles of polyimides containing varying amounts of diamines with mesogenic pendent groups (C6BP) and diamines with perfluorinated carbon pendent groups (PFMB).DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION [0020] The present invention is directed toward polyimides which can be used to prepare liquid crystal display alignment layers for a liquid crystal device, such as an optical compensator, for example. The polyimides of the present invention contain mesogenic substituents and may optionally include functional substituents. Polyimides may be schematically represented by the structure  
2
[0021] wherein A is one or more residues from an acid dianhydride group and B is one or more residues from a diamine compound and n is a positive number. It has been known that the properties of the polyimide may be altered by varying the components “A” and “B” as listed above. However, the use of polyimides containing mesogenic substituents to prepare high pre-tilt alignment layers has not been previously known. In the present invention, mesogenic groups are contributed to the structure of a polyimide by the diamine component. Any acid dianhydride useful in the synthesis of polyimides may be utilized in the present invention. Such acid dianhydrides are commercially available. [0022] As mentioned above, polyimide polymers are prepared from diamines containing pendent mesogenic groups. In one particular example, the diamine contains a backbone portion, a methylene spacer, a linking group, and a pendent mesogenic group. The pendent mesogenic group is attached to the methylene spacer, the methylene spacer is attached to the linking group, and the linking group is attached to the backbone portion. The linking group is selected from the group consisting of an ester and an ether. In another embodiment, suitable diamines are represented by formulas I and II below.  
3
[0023] In formulas I and II, R1 is an ester or ether linking group, R2 is a mesogenic group or a functional group as defined below, and x is a positive number. In formula I, R3 is hydrogen or a halogen. In one embodiment, x is between 6 and 18. In another example, x is between 6 and 11. In one particular example, x is 6. In another example, R3 is bromine. [0024] Mesogenic groups are groups with a rod-like molecular structure. That is, mesogenic groups, or simply mesogens, are groups with a length to width ratio of at least 5:1. Functional groups are those groups which allow one polyimide molecule to react with another molecule. Among preferred functional groups are groups which permit the crosslinking of polyimide molecules within a layer. Especially preferred functional groups include molecules which allow the photopolymerization of polyimide molecules, such as acrylate and methacrylate groups. Suitable diamines include those containing a substituent selected from the group of compounds containing one or more of the subunits represented by formulas III, IV, V, and VI.  
4
[0025] In formula VI, X may be hydrogen or an organic group having from 1 to 20 carbon atoms, and R4 may be an organic group selected from the group consisting of esters, ethers, groups containing a methylene subunit, groups containing a crosslinking subunit and groups containing a combination of any of these subunits. Groups containing acrylate or methacrylate subunits may be crosslinked such as by photopolymerization, for example. In one example, X is an organic group containing between 1 and 16 carbon atoms. In another example, X is an organic group containing between 1 and 12 carbon atoms. In still another example, X is a methyl group. In yet another example, when the at least one dianhydride is 2,2′-bis-(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)-1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoropropane dianhydride or dibromo-biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride, the substituent is not represented by formula V. [0026] By way of example and not of limitation, a mesogenic group shown in VI may be synthesized by the following method as described below with reference to FIG. 1. Ethyl 4-hydroxybenzoic ester is alkylated with 6-chlorohexanol to produce intermediate (1). Intermediate (1) was used in two different reactions. In the first reaction, the hydroxyl group of intermediate (1) was protected using 3,4-dihydro-2-pyran (DHP) forming intermediate (2). Intermediate (2) was then hydrolyzed to form a THP-benzoic acid derivative (4). In the second reaction, intermediate (1) was hydrolyzed to generate a hydroxy terminated benzoic acid (3). The hydroxy terminated benzoic acid (3) is contacted with CH2CH2COCl in an organic solvent to form a intermediate (5). Tert-butyl dimethylsilyl chloride (TBDMS) was used to protect methyl hydroquinone. The major isomer was isolated by chromatography and then reacted with the THP-benzoic acid derivative (4) forming intermediate (6). This reaction product was then selectively deprotected using tert-butylamonium fluoride (TBAF) in tetrahydrofuran (THF) to form intermediate (7). Intermediate (7) was esterified with intermediate (5) forming ester (8) and the resulting ester was deprotected with AMBERLYSTR15 in a mixture of methanol and THF, forming mesogenic group (9). Various components used in this synthesis method may be varied to affect the composition of the resulting diamine without undue experimentation. [0027] Mesogenic group (9) may be contacted with dinitro diphenic acid followed by tin (II) chloride reduction in ethanol to form a diamine of formula I. Such a diamine may be used to prepare a polyimide of the present invention. [0028] Mesogens within the class encompassed by V may be synthesized in the following manner. 4-cyano-4′-hydroxybiphenyl may be contacted with an ω-bromoalkanol in an SN2 reaction in refluxing acetone over 3-4 days. This results in the production of a 4-(ω-hydroxyalkoxy)-4′-cyanobiphenyl compound which may be further purified by recrystalization from ethanol. Alternatively, 4-cyano-4′-hydroxybiphenyl may be contacted with an α,ω alkanediol in a Mitsunobu reaction to form a 4-(ω-hydroxyalkoxy)-4′-cyanobiphenyl compound. The product of the Mitsunobu reaction may be purified by flash chromatography. Mesogens within the class encompassed by IV may be synthesized by similar methods, by starting with a hydroxybiphenyl compound instead of 4-cyano-4′-hydroxybiphenyl. [0029] These mesogens may be used to produce mesogen-containing diamine compounds of formula I by coupling the mesogen with a dinitro diphenic acid using the standard dicyclohexylcarbodiimide (DCC)/DMAP procedure to produce a dinitro intermediate compound. Alternatively, dinitro diphenic acid may be converted to 4,4′-dinitro-2,2′-biphenyl-carbonyl chloride by refluxing with thionyl chloride. The mesogen may be contacted with 4,4′-dinitro-2,2′-biphenyl-carbonyl chloride in an organic solvent such as triethylamine or methylene chloride to produce a dinitro intermediate. The dinitro intermediate may be reduced to form a diamine by stannous chloride reduction or by reduction using hydrazine in an organic solvent at 80° C. [0030] Mesogens of the present invention may also be coupled to brominated biphenylcarboxylic acids to produced brominated diamines of formula I. Cyanuric acid is contacted with bromine and the resulting compound is used to brominate 4,4′-dinitro-2,2′-biphenyl-carboxylic acid yielding 6,6′-dibromo-2,2′-biphenylcarboxylic acid. This brominated carboxylic acid may be coupled with a mesogen and reduced as described above to produce a brominated diamine. [0031] Diamines of formula II may be synthesized by the following technique. 3,5-dinitrobenzoic acid is esterified with n-octadecanol to afford n-octadecyl 3,5-dinitrobenzoate using DCC as a dehydration agent in dichloroethane. The dinitrobenzoate is reduced to n-octadecyl 3,5-diaminobenzoate using hydrazine as a reducing agent. By substituting other alcohols for n-octadecanol, the value of x in formula II may be varied. [0032] Diamines of the present invention may be purified by chromatography on deactivated silica gel and subsequent recrystalization. Purified diamines may then be contacted with acid dianhydrides to produce polyimides. The synthesis of polyimides is known in the art. See for example, “Synthesis and Characterization of Aromatic Polyesters and Polyimides Containing Mesogenic Pendent Groups,” PhD dissertation of Shyh-Yeu Wang, The University of Akron, December, 1995, the disclosure of which is herein incorporated by reference. Briefly summarized, polyimide precursors may be synthesized from dianhydrides and diamines by either a 2-step or a 1-step method. In the 2-step method, a soluble polyimide precursor, i.e., a polyamic acid, is prepared by the reaction of dianhydrate and diamine in a polar aprotic solvent at room temperature. The polyimide precursor is cyclodehydrated to form the corresponding polyimide either by thermal or chemical methods. The 2-step method gives high molecular weight polyimides if the diamine is highly reactive. However, when the diamine contains electron withdrawing groups such as CF3, CN and NO2, for example, the reactivity of the diamine is reduced and low molecular weight products result. When such electron withdrawing groups are present, the 1-step method is preferred. In the 1-step method, polymerization is carried out by heating the dianhydride and diamine at 180°-220° C. in high boiling solvents, such as m-cresol and p-chlorophenol for example, in the presence of a tertiary amine catalyst. Under these conditions, polymerization and imidization occur essentially simultaneously. The water generated from imidization is continuously removed, such as by distillation for example. [0033] It has surprisingly been found that the pre-tilt angle of the alignment layer may be altered by varying the composition of various substituents of mesogen-containing polyimides. For example, the linking group R1 in formulas I and II greatly influences the pre-tilt angle generated by the resulting polyimide. When R1 is an ester group the resulting polyimide has a greater pre-tilt angle than when R1 is an ether group. It has also been determined that a cyano-substituted biphenyl mesogenic group (formula V, for example) gives a polyimide that exhibits a slightly higher pre-tilt angle than a polyimide containing a non-substituted biphenyl mesogenic group (formula IV). [0034] An alignment layer material made from the polyimide of the present invention provides a high pre-tilt angle. In one embodiment, the alignment layer provides a pre-tilt angle between about 50 and about 90°. Preferably, the alignment layer provides a pre-tilt angle between about 100 and about 800. More preferably, the polyimide layer provides a pre-tilt angle between about 200 and about 800. In one particular example, the polyimide layer provides a pre-tilt angle between about 40° and about 70°. It will be appreciated that the pre-tilt angle described herein relates to the use of one single alignment layer with one single liquid crystal layer and not a plurality of layers to obtain the above mentioned angles. A greater thickness of liquid crystal material is not required. [0035] It has also been determined that the dianhydride used to synthesize a mesogen-containing polyimide also affects the pre-tilt angle. For example, the dianhydride 2,2′-bis-(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)-1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoropropane dianhydride (6FDA) provides a polyimide with a greater pre-tile angle than a similar polyimide based on 3,3′,4,4′-biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride (BPDA). The present invention is not limited to the dianhydrides 6FDA and BPDA. Any acid dianhydride suitable for generating traditional polyimides for alignment layers may also be used in the polyimide of the present invention. Among other acceptable acid dianhydrides are 2,2′-bis[4-(3,4 dicarboxyphenoxy)phenyl]propane dianhydride (BisA-DA), pyromellitic diahydride (PMDA), dibromo-biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride, 3,6-diphenylpyromellitic dianhydride, 3,6-bis(trifluoromethyl)pyromellitic dianhydride, 3,6-bis(methyl) pyromellitic dianhydride, 3,6-diidopyromellitic dianhydride, 3,6-dibromopyromellitic dianhydride, 3,6-dichloropyromellitic dianhydride, 3,3′,4,4′-benzophenonetetracarboxylic acid dianhydride, 2,3,3′,4′-benzophenonetetracarboxylic acid dianhydride, 2,2′,3,3′-benzophenone tetracarboxylic acid dianhydride, bis(2,3-dicarboxyphenyl)methane dianhydride, bis(2,5,6-trifluoro-3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)methane dianhydride, 2,2-bis(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)propane dianhydride, bis(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)ether dianhydride (4,4′-oxydiphthalic anhydride), bis(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)sulfone dianhydride, (3,3′,4,4′-diphenylsulfonetetracarboxylic dianhydride), 4,4′-[4,4′-isopropylidene-di(p-phenyleneoxy)]bis(phthalic anhydride), N,N-(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)-N-methylamine dianhydride, bis(3,4-dicarboxyphenyl)diethylsilane dianhydride; naphthalene tetracarboxylic acid dianhydrides such as 2,3,6,7- and 1,2,5,6-naphthalene-tetracarboxylic acid dianhydride, 2,6-dichloronaphthalene-1,4,5,8-tetracarboxylic acid dianhydride; or heterocyclic aromatic tetracarboxylic acid dianhydrides such as thiophene-2,3,4,5-tetracarboxylic acid dianhydride, pyrazine-2,3,5,6-tetracarboxylic acid dianhydride and pyridine-2,3,5,6-tetracarboxylic acid dianhydride. [0036] Substituents in the diamine component other than the mesogenic group also affect the pre-tilt angle of the resulting polyimide. When a diamine component contains only mesogenic substituents, a polyimide with a greater pre-tilt angle results compared to similar polyimides containing a diamine component which contain bromine substituents as well as mesogenic substituents. [0037] The pre-tilt angle of a polyimide can also be varied by co-polymerization of a mixture of diamines with a dianhydride. In such an example, a diamine containing pendent mesogen groups may be mixed with a diamine containing perfluorinated carbon atoms and polymerized with a diamine such as 6FDA. [0038] Finally, it has been found that increasing the length of a methylene spacer gives a higher pre-tilt angle at lower heat treatment temperatures. The pre-tilt angle yielded by such polyimide used as an alignment layer, however, decreases rapidly as the heat treatment temperatures increase. [0039] In order to demonstrate the practice of the present invention, polyimides containing pendant mesogen groups contributed by a diamine were synthesized and tested for the pre-tilt angle they produced. In the following examples one or more diamines and an acid dianhydride were polymerized in refluxing m-cresol, 1-chloronapthalene or o-dichlorobenzene containing isoquinoline at 180-200° C. A nitrogen purge was used to remove the water. The polymers were isolated by precipitation in methanol and dried under reduced pressure at about 200° C. for 6-8 hours. The resulting polyimides were dissolved in an organic solvent such as cyclopentanone and N-methylpyrrolidone (NMP) at 1.5 weight percent and filtered through 1.0 μm filters. Alignment layers were formed by spin coating on an indium-tin oxide (ITO) glass substrate at 2,000 rpm. The layers were heat treated at 150° C., 200° C., 225° C., or 250° C. before mechanical rubbing. The rubbing was carried out on a LCBM4 liquid crystal buffing machine. Liquid crystal displays were then constructed via a standard procedure. ZLI2293 liquid crystal molecules (available from Merck) were added to the cells at room temperature. The pretilt angles provided by the polyimides were determined by either the crystal rotating method or the magnetic null method. The composition of the various polyimides tested, an abbreviation of each polyimide, the pre-tilt angle provided by each polyimide and comments regarding the observed uniformity of the alignment layer are summarized in Tables 1-4. A prior art polyimide (6FDA-PFMB) is also included in Table 1 for comparison purposes. Pre-tilt angles after heat treatment at 225° C. are listed in Table 1. In Table 2, pre-tilt angles were measured after heat treatment at 250° C., except as noted otherwise. In Table 3, pre-tilt angles were measured after heat treatment at 200° C., except as noted otherwise, and pre-tilt angles after heat treatment at 150° C. are listed in Table 4.  
1TABLE 1PretiltChemical StructureAbbreviationAngleComments
5
6FDA/C6CN/C18x(90/10)39°uniform 
6
 
7
 
8
6FDA/C6CN42°uniform 
9
 
10
6FDA/BrC6CN/LCx(90/10)45°uniform 
11
 
12
 
13
6FDA/C6BP/LCx(90/10)18°uniform 
14
 
15
 
16
6FDA/C6CN(ether)20°uniform 
17
 
18
BisADA/F8C10/MC18x(90:10)10°uniform 
19
 
20
 
21
6FDA/C6BP/MC18X(90:10)19°uniform 
22
 
23
 
24
6FDA/BrC6CN/MC18x(90:10)24°not uniform 
25
 
26
 
27
6FDA-PFMB/MC18x(90:10) 3°uniform R1 = —CF3 (90% mole) 
28
 
29
6FDA/C6BP40°uniform 
30
 
31
6FDA/BrC6CN20°uniform 
32
 
33
6FDA/PFMB 1.5°uniform 
34
BisADA/bentC6CN 4.5°uniform 
35
 
36
BPDA/BrC6CN 1.5°uniform 
37
 
38
6FDA/C6CN/PFMB(1:3)10°uniform R1 = —CF3 (75% mole) 
39
 
40
6FDA/C6BP/PFMB(1:3) 7°uniform R1 = —CF3 (75% mole) 
41
 
42
6FDA/C11CN/PFMB(1:3)13°uniform R1 = —CF3 (75% mole) 
43

[0040]  
2TABLE 2PretiltChemical StructureAbbreviationAngleComments
44
BTDA/C18/LCx(90/10)  21.5°uniform 
45
 
46
 
47
OPDA/C18/LCx(90/10)  10.0°uniform 
48
Homeo- tropica 
49
 
50
6FDA/C18/LCx(90/10)  18.5°uniform 
51
˜90°a 
52
 
53
BisADA/C18/LCx(90/10)—not very uniform 
54
˜90°auniform 
55
 
56
BisADA/C18/C18x(95/5)—polydomain 
57
 
58
 
59
BisADA/C18/C18x(80/20)  20.5°not very uniform 
60
 
61
 
62
BisADA/C18/C18x(90/10)  25.5°uniform 
63
 
64
 
65
BisADA/C18/C18x(85/15)  12.0°uniform 
66
 
67
acuring at 150° C. 
[0041]  
3TABLE 3PretiltChemical StructureAbbreviationAngleComments
68
BPDA/C11CN—not soluble in NMP, cyclopentanone, TCE 
69
 
70
BPDA/BrC6CN  15°soluble in NMP 
71
 
72
BPDA/BrC11CN/PFMB(1:2)  20°uniform 
73
 
74
 R = —CF3 
75
BPDA/BrC6CN/PFMB(1:2)   6-7°uniform 
76
 
77
 R = —CF3 
78
6FDA/C6CN/C18x(90/10)  54°uniform 
79
˜90°a 
80
 
81
6FDA/C6CN/C18x(95/5)  55°uniform 
82
  41°a 
83
 
84
6FDA-C6CN  45°uniform 
85
  38°a 
86
6FDA-C11CN  40°uniform 
87
˜90°a 
88
6FDA-C6OCN  18.5°uniform 
89
 
90
6FDA-C6BIPHENYL  38°uniform 
91
 
92
6FDA-BrC6CN  34°uniform 
93
 
94
6FDA-C6CN/PFMB(1:3)   7-8°uniform 
95
 
96
acuring at 150° C. 
[0042]  
4TABLE 4Chemical StructureAbbreviationPretilt AngleComments
97
BisADA-C11CN˜90°uniform 
98
 
99
6FDA/PFMB/C6BP(1:1)  15.0°not very uniform 
100
 
101
DBBPDA-C6CN  18.5°not uniform, due to the flow effect 
102
 
103
DBBPDA-C6OCN  40.0°not uniform, due to the flow effect 
104
 
105
BPDA/C16/PFMB(1:2)  25.0°uniform 
106
 
107
 
108
BPDA/C16/PFMB(1:1)  22.0°uniform 
109
 
110
 
111
BPDA/C18Br/C16(1:1)  29.0°uniform 
112
 
113
 
114
BPDA/C16/PFMB(1:2)  25.0°uniform 
115
 
116
 
117
BPDA/C16/PFMB(1:1)  22.0°uniform 
118
 
119
 
120
BPDA/C16/C18Br(1:1)  29.0°uniform 
121
 
122

[0043] As mentioned above and as indicated by the data in Table 1, a number of different factors affect the pre-tilt angle provided by the polyimide of the present invention. The type of linkage between the mesogen and the aromatic portion of the diamine is one such factor. For example, 6FDA/C6CN provides a pre-tilt angle of 42°, while 6FDA/C6CN(ether) provides a pre-tilt angle of 200. These polyimides differ from each other only in the type of linkage between the mesogen and the aromatic group. It is apparent, therefore that the ester linkage of 6FDA/C6CN provides a greater pre-tilt angle than the ether linkage of 6FDA/C6CN(ether). [0044] As also shown in Table 1, the use of a cyano-substituted mesogen gives a polyimide which provides a slightly higher pre-tilt angle than a non-substituted mesogen. For example, the pre-tilt angle provided by 6FDA/C6CN is greater than the pre-tilt angle provided by 6FDA-C6Biph. These compounds differ only in the substitution of the biphenyl portion of the mesogens of each polyimide. [0045] The dianhydride used in the polyimides of the present invention also affect the pre-tilt angle. For example, 6-FDA provides a greater pre-tilt angle than BPDA when linked to BrC6CN. 6FDA-BrC6CN provides a pre-tilt angle of 20°, while BPDA-BrC6CN provides a pre-tilt angle of 1.50. [0046] Substituents in the diamine component other than the mesogenic group also affect the pre-tilt angle of the resulting polyimide. A diamine component that contains only mesogenic substituents, such as 6FDA/C6CN, provides a polyimide with a greater pre-tilt angle than a similar polyimide such as 6FDA-BrC6CN, which contains a diamine component having bromine substituents as well as mesogenic substituents. The pre-tilt angle of 6FDA/C6CN is 42°, while the pre-tilt angle of 6FDA-BrC6CN is 20°. These polyimides differ only in the presence of bromine substituents on the diamine portion of 6FDA-BrC6CN. [0047] As the data in Table 1-4 indicate, heat treatment temperature influences the pre-tilt angle provided by the polyimide. The pre-tilt angles of 6FDA/C6CN and 6FDA/C6CN(ether) after heat treatment at 150° C., 175° C., 200° C., and 225° C. are compared graphically in FIG. 2. The pre-tilt angles of 6FDA/C6CN and 6FDA/C6BP are compared in FIG. 3 and the pre-tilt angles of 6FDA/C6CN and 6FDA/C11CN are compared in FIG. 4 after similar heat treatments. The pre-tilt angles provided by 6FDA/C6CN, 6FDA/G6CN(ether), and 6FDA/C6BP are relatively similar over the heat treatment temperatures tested as shown in Tables 1 and 2. The pre-tilt angle provided by 6FDA/C11CN, however decreases as the heat treatment temperature increases, as seen in FIG. 5. The pre-tilt angle provided by 6FDA/C11CN is about 90° at a heat treatment temperature of 150° C. At a heat treatment temperature of 200°, the pre-tilt angle drops to about 400. [0048] A mixture of diamines may also be used to synthesize a polyimide for use as an alignment layer. By altering the composition of the polyimide, the pre-tilt angle can be varied. FIG. 5 is a graph showing the pre-tilt angles of polyimides containing diamines with mesogenic pendent groups (C6BP), diamines with perfluorinated carbon pendent groups (PFMB), or mixtures thereof. FIG. 5 illustrates that the pre-tilt angle provided by a polyimide obtaining its diamine component only from PFMB is 1.50. The pre-tilt angle of a polyimide obtaining its diamine component from a mixture of PFMB and C6BP increases as the percentage of C6BP increases relative to PFMB. When the polyimide is solely C6BP-based, the pre-tilt angle increases to about 40°. [0049] Based upon the foregoing disclosure, it should now be apparent that the polyimide alignment layers of the present invention will carry out the objects set forth hereinabove. It is, therefore, to be understood that any variations evident fall within the scope of the claimed invention and thus, the selection of specific component elements can be determined without departing from the spirit of the invention herein disclosed and described.  





 

Previous Patent: Novel polyacetal (co)polymersNext Patent: Method for producing diol derivatives











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 



















Frank W. Harris Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Frank W. Harris Ph.D.
Board Member at Brady Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Frank W. Harris Ph.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank W. Harris Ph.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Brady Corporation


Past
To view Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
74

 
 


Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s Biography



Dr. Harris was elected to the Board of Directors in 1991. He serves as a member of the Technology, Management Development and Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees. He served as the Distinguished Professor of Polymer Science and Biomedical Engineering at the University of Akron from 1983 to 2008 and Professor of Chemistry at Wright State University from 1970 to 1983. He is the founder of several technology-based companies including Akron Polymer Systems, where he serves as President and CEO. Dr. Harris is the inventor of several commercialized products, including an optical film that realized over one billion dollars in sales. His  ...
(Read More)

			Dr. Harris was elected to the Board of Directors in 1991. He serves as a member of the Technology, Management Development and Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees. He served as the Distinguished Professor of Polymer Science and Biomedical Engineering at the University of Akron from 1983 to 2008 and Professor of Chemistry at Wright State University from 1970 to 1983. He is the founder of several technology-based companies including Akron Polymer Systems, where he serves as President and CEO. Dr. Harris is the inventor of several commercialized products, including an optical film that realized over one billion dollars in sales. His extensive experience in technology and engineering solutions provides the Board with important expertise in new product development.
		
Source: Brady Corporation on 09/15/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Frank W. Harris Ph.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank W. Harris Ph.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Frank W. Harris Ph.D.


















Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s Connections (42)





Sign up now to view Frank W. Harris Ph.D.'s 42 connections »









Matthew O. Williamson
Former Vice President and President, Identification Solutions, Brady Corporation









Louis T. Bolognini
Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, Brady Corporation









Roger D. Peirce
Former Board Member, Journal Media Group









Chan W. Galbato
Board Member, Blue Bird









Russell R. Shaller
Senior Vice President and President, Identification Solutions, Brady Corporation









David Mathieson
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Comverge









Mary K. Bush
Board Member, Discover Financial Services









Peter C. Sephton
Former Employee; Former Vice President and President, Brady EMEA, Brady Corporation









Bradley C. Richardson
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, PolyOne Corporation









Allan J. Klotsche
Former Employee, Brady Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















	Brazing, Soldering, Welding, Cutting & Gas Distribution | The Harris Products Group


















 






























 

























Home •
Company News •
Blog •
Contact Us •
Careers •







                                    Region
                                    :
                                North America
                                  Language
                                    :
                                English 
                                    (Change)











 
PRODUCTS
SDS/TECH DOCS
EXPERT ADVICE
CATALOGS
TRAINING
COMPANY
WHERE TO BUY
 








THE HARRIS PRODUCTS GROUP 



QUICK LINKS


Actual Certificates
Typical Certificates
Fuel Gas Cost Analysis
Manifold Selector
Spec Gas Selector
Gas Surge Calculator
Literature Request
MyHarris Login







	UPCOMING EVENTS



	North America

	International
Schweissen & Schneiden 2017September 25, 2017


Read More


Copper COMEX Market forJuly 17, 2017: $2.68




















                ALLOYS
            

                EQUIPMENT
            

                APPLICATIONS
            

                INDUSTRIES
            






left






Preforms & Rings

		Custom shapes and sizes for any manufacturing application
	




Welding

		Cut lengths, spooled wire and coil options
	




Soldering

		Both lead-free and lead-bearing solders
	




Brazing

		Filler metals for Copper, Brass, Aluminum & Steel
	



right






left






Specialty Gas

		Pressure and flow control for laboratory, laser, and high purity gas applications
	




Gas Control

		Pressure & flow control for welding, cutting & allied processes
	




Machines

		Innovative machines for cutting applications
	




Medical

		Pressure regulation, flow control and accessories for medical applications
	




Tips & Mixers

		Tips, mixers and tubes for cutting, welding, brazing and heating
	




Accessories

		Accessories for welding, cutting, brazing and allied processes
	




Torches

		Torches for cutting, welding, brazing & heating
	



right






left






Heating & Gouging

		Torches and tips for precise applications
	




Cutting & Beveling

		Equipment and accessories for efficient and safe operations
	




Gas Control

		Regulators, flowmeters and manifolds for gas regulation
	




Brazing & Soldering

		Alloys and equipment for any brazing or soldering task
	




Welding

		Alloys, fluxes and accessories for any project
	



right






left






Metal Fabrication

		Scrap metal, ship building, construction, and machinery
	




OEM

		Custom products for Original Equipment Manufacturers
	




Gas Distribution

		Medical, research, gas pipelines and others
	




HVAC/R & Plumbing

		Designed especially for contractors and OEMs
	



right
































        ©2017 Harris Products Group. All rights reserved.
    


HOME
NEW & FEATURED PRODUCTS
ALLOYS
EQUIPMENT
MODERN SLAVERY ACT
CA SUPPLY CHAINS ACT
PRIVACY STATEMENT
LINCOLN ELECTRIC












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




























Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started































 

Fast, FREE shipping and morePrime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, Kindle books, original audio series and unlimited photo storage.







Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























