










 













 



























Harris






















Jump to navigation














Harris










Combo_wR_2color













































Menu



Search





SolutionsView Our Mission CapabilitiesA deep dive into Harris solutions for different scenarios.




 Air Traffic Management 

 Analytical Instrumentation 

 Antenna Products 

 Avionics 

 Broadband Communications 

 Electronic Warfare 

 Energy Solutions 

 Environmental Solutions 

 Geospatial Solutions  

 Ground SATCOM 

 Integrated Battlefield Management 

 Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance  

 Night Vision 

 Piezoelectric Ceramics 

 Positioning, Navigation and Timing 

 Public Safety and Professional Communications 

 Radar 

 Robotics 

 Space Antennas  

 Space Payloads and Electronics 

 Space Superiority 

 Spaceport Operations 

 Tactical Communications 

 Undersea Systems 

 Universe Exploration 

See also Solutions Grouping
See also Product Lines




Impact
GlobalHarris Locations

NewsPress Releases
Impact Stories
Perspectives
In The News
Media Resources

EventsUpcoming Events
Past Events

AboutThe Harris Story
Our Mission and Values
Corporate Responsibility
A Commitment to Innovation
Board of Directors
Management Team
Corporate Governance
Code of Conduct
IDIQ
Annual Report 2016

CareersJob Search
Why Harris
Benefits
Employee Resource Groups
Recruiting Events / Connect with Harris
Students and New Grads
Military and Veterans

Contact Us





Search form
Search


 





Customers
Employees
Investors
Media
Suppliers


















        NYSE 
        
        $114.41

0.53


























Mission Critical. Proven Success.
From ocean to orbit and everywhere in between, Harris solutions connect, inform and protect the world. 


            Explore our Solutions          











"They exceeded our expectations" 
The P25 Phase 2 system from Harris was a vital link during this house fire. 


          Read More        















Harris will Announce 4th Quarter Results on August 1, 2017 
 


          Read More        















Enabling Environment Canada to Improve Weather Forecasting 
Harris IntelliEarth™ WxConnect™ products provide Environment Canada direct access to the GOES Rebroadcast system that relays satellite data for weather forecasting. 


          Read More        















Modernizing the  U.S. Army Mission Critical Network 
Harris will upgrade the land mobile radio (LMR) system infrastructure on Army bases across the U.S. 


          Read More        


















Communicating Through Jammed Environments 
How do you communicate with the pilot of an aircraft that is jamming the electronic spectrum? 


          Read More        















Did you know Harris did all this? 
Learn how Harris impacts each of our lives every day. 


          WATCH VIDEO        















The Leading-Edge Technology for Environmental Satellites 
Harris presents technology innovations for the new era of NOAA Environmental Satellites at the 2017 NOAA Satellite Conference. 


          Read More        















Lockheed Martin Recognizes Harris as Outstanding Supplier 
Lockheed Martin designated Harris a top-performing supplier for its work on carriage and release systems for F-35 and F-22 fighter jets.  


          Read More        















Upgrading the F-35 Lightning II Mission System Avionics 
Lockheed Martin selected Harris to upgrade the F-35 Lightning II mission system avionics. 


          Read More        















What We Do 
Harris is a proven leader in tactical communications, geospatial systems and services, air traffic management, environmental solutions, avionics and electronic warfare and space and intelligence. 


          SEARCH SOLUTIONS        















Threats on the rise. Harris EW on board. 
Self-protection systems that help pilots defeat threats for mission success. 


          Read More        















Enabling NGA to retrieve data faster and more efficiently 
Awarded $500 Million IDIQ contract to develop software that will enable NGA analysts and customers to search and retrieve data from intelligence systems faster and more efficiently than ever before. 


          Read More        















Real-time, Seamless, Multi-INT Airborne Surveillance 
Harris-developed WAMI systems have delivered over 10,000 hours in support of the DoD's highly successful Gorgon Stare program. We now offer this technology in a low-SWaP sensor system. 


          Watch CorvusEye® Video        















Blast Off! 
From launch services to satellite and  payload processing, Harris Spaceport  Systems provides an efficient path  to space. 


          Read More        




















Stock Quote: HRS
Last Trade: 114.41

    Change: 0.53
    High: 114.47
    Low: 113.70
    Volume: 374,642

Data provided by Nasdaq.
Minimum 15 minute delay. Disclaimer




















Solutions
Impact
Global
News
Events
About
Careers
Contact Us






Customers
Employees
Investors
Media
Suppliers





Privacy Policy
Terms of Use



          © 2017 Harris Corporation
        

















Peter Harris - Attorney in Fort Lauderdale, FL - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















FloridaFort LauderdalePeter Harris


Peter H Harris








Peter H Harris 
                                    



                                                                                                            General Practice                                                                            



Law Office:
Parkstone Medical Info Sys



Fort Lauderdale Law Firms


Status:
Inactive


Licensed:
22 years















2400 N Commerce Pkwy
33326
Fort Lauderdale
FL









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™12/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


                        Reviews Pro Bono Cases✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™Not Available





















                    Contact Mr.  Harris















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want Peter H Harris .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Jacqueline M Boswell
Divorce & Family Law, Government
Weston, FL 33326 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Alan Philip Dagen
Litigation, Divorce & Family Law, Lawsuit & Dispute, Federal Trial Practice, Federal Appellate Practice
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33326 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Jason Chalik
Accident & Injury, Slip & Fall Accident, Car Accident, Personal Injury, Products Liability
Plantation, FL 33324 (Broward County)





CONTACT








Alicia C Briggs
Immigration, Divorce & Family Law, Real Estate Other, Wills, Health Care
Plantation, FL 33322 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Loren L. Gold
Personal Injury, Wrongful Death, Car Accident, Slip & Fall Accident, Workers' Compensation
Plantation, FL 33324 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Diana Santa Maria
State Trial Practice, Dispute Resolution, Litigation, Mediation, Medical Malpractice
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33328 (Broward County)





CONTACT








Andrew Y. Winston
Personal Injury, Legal Malpractice, Slip & Fall Accident, Car Accident, Professional Malpractice
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33314 (Broward County)





CONTACT




William G Koreman
Criminal, Domestic Violence & Neglect, DUI-DWI, Juvenile Law
Hollywood, FL 33024 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Christian Veras
Immigration, Bankruptcy & Debt, Real Estate, Family Law
Miami, FL 33015 (Miami-dade County)





CONTACT








Brenda S. Fetherhuff
Estate, Business, Divorce & Family Law, International, Accident & Injury
Hollywood, FL 33020 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Ulysses L Felder
Criminal, Traffic, Real Estate, Immigration, Lawsuit & Dispute
Hollywood, FL 33021 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Andres Montejo
Bankruptcy & Debt, Foreclosure, Bankruptcy, Credit & Debt
Hialeah, FL 33015 (Miami-dade County)





CONTACT











Admission






State / Court
Date




Florida
1995






Additional Info



FL State Lawyer Additional Information:
Circuit: 17
Service Type:General


Update Date:2015-10-26




Lawyer Badges


















26.088701,-80.3686479













MAIN LOCATION


2400 N Commerce PkwySte 300Fort Lauderdale, FL 33326




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



Legal Considerations Beyond Entity Formation

                    Selecting your business entity form is just the beginning of the legal matters you will face as a business owner.  This reference provides a list of the key issues you should be prepared to address thereafter.
                




Update on NHTSA Whistleblower Rules

                    The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has yet to publish the proposed rules for the NHTSA whistleblower program. This whistleblower program was authorized by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act in December 2015.
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





































































Spartan College names Peter H. Harris of Dallas as CEO | Employment | tulsaworld.com






































×
Thank you for reading.





If you have reached this point, you must really value what we produce and read us a lot. If you are a subscriber, simply log in for unlimited access. If you are a nonsubscriber, you are limited in how many stories you can read every 30 days. For a very short time, we are offering a $3.95 a month digital subscription for unlimited digital access. Go to tulsaworld.com/subscribe and never be interrupted when news breaks. If you are having an issue with your account, contact us at circulation@tulsaworld.com. 



We have used your information to see if you have a subscription with us, but did not find one.  Please use the button below to verify an existing account or to purchase a new subscription.


If you have reached this point, you must really value what we produce and read us a lot. If you are a subscriber, simply log in for unlimited access. If you are a nonsubscriber, you are limited in how many stories you can read every 30 days. For a very short time, we are offering a $3.95 a month digital subscription for unlimited digital access. Go to tulsaworld.com/subscribe and never be interrupted when news breaks. If you are having an issue with your account, contact us at circulation@tulsaworld.com. 





Sign Up


Log In




Purchase a Subscription


















×
Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area



Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service.
Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access.
Get digital access

Please confirm you are in our delivery area

Zip Code




Cancel
Confirm













You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article












Today's Weather Forecast
























Subscribe to the Tulsa World


























Welcome, Guest
Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
 Logout




My Account



My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout











                                Home
                            




                                ePaper
                            




                                The Latest
                            






                                News
                            



                                        Metro & Region
                                    


                                        Education
                                    


                                        State
                                    


                                        Government
                                    


                                        Crimewatch
                                    


                                        U.S. & World
                                    


                                        Courts
                                    


                                        Health
                                    


                                        Faith & Values
                                    


                                        Marriages
                                    


                                        Divorces
                                    


                                        Death Notices
                                    


                                        Obituaries
                                    


                                        Databases
                                    





                                Sports Extra
                            



                                        OU Sooners
                                    


                                        OSU Cowboys
                                    


                                        TU Golden Hurricane
                                    


                                        ORU Golden Eagles
                                    


                                        OK Preps Extra
                                    


                                        OKC Thunder
                                    


                                        Columnist Guerin Emig
                                    


                                        Columnist Bill Haisten
                                    


                                        College Football
                                    


                                        College Basketball
                                    


                                        Sports TV/Radio Schedule
                                    


                                        Outdoors
                                    


                                        For The Record
                                    


                                        Horse Racing
                                    


                                        Other Sports
                                    


                                        Drillers
                                    


                                        Oilers
                                    


                                        Roughnecks FC
                                    


                                        MLB
                                    


                                        NBA
                                    


                                        NFL
                                    


                                        Golf
                                    


                                        Auto Racing
                                    





                                Scene
                            



                                        Restaurant Guide by Recent Reviews
                                    


                                        Restaurant Guide by Cuisine
                                    


                                        Restaurant Guide by Location
                                    


                                        Food
                                    


                                        Movie Reviews
                                    


                                        Movie News
                                    


                                        Movie Showtimes
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        TV
                                    


                                        Style
                                    


                                        A&E
                                    


                                        Home & Garden
                                    


                                        Features
                                    


                                        People & Places
                                    


                                        Celebrations
                                    


                                        Calendar
                                    


                                        Books
                                    


                                        Comics
                                    


                                        Ask Amy
                                    


                                        Dear Pharmacist
                                    


                                        Ask the Doctors
                                    


                                        Movie Blog
                                    


                                        Taste
                                    


                                        Table Talk
                                    


                                        ARTS
                                    


                                        POP
                                    


                                        Prairie Nerds
                                    


                                        What The Ale
                                    





                                Opinion
                            



                                        Editorials
                                    


                                        Reader's Forum
                                    


                                        Letters to the Editor
                                    


                                        Other Voices
                                    


                                        Wayne Greene
                                    


                                        Mike Jones
                                    


                                        Bruce Plante
                                    


                                        Cartoon Caption Contest
                                    



                                Weekend
                            






                                Work & Money
                            



                                        Energy
                                    


                                        Aerospace
                                    


                                        American Airlines
                                    


                                        Employment
                                    


                                        Job and Work Advice
                                    


                                        Retail
                                    


                                        Manufacturing
                                    


                                        Real Estate
                                    


                                        Transportation
                                    


                                        Technology
                                    


                                        5 Questions
                                    


                                        Small Business
                                    


                                        Consumer
                                    


                                        Agriculture
                                    


                                        Finance
                                    


                                        Legal notices
                                    


                                        Business People
                                    


                                        Outlook 2017: Business
                                    


                                        Outlook 2017: Quality of Life
                                    


                                        Tulsa Business & Legal News
                                    





                                Investigations
                            



                                        Veteran Center Deaths
                                    


                                        Life Without Parole
                                    


                                        Oklahoma Earthquakes
                                    


                                        Shadow of Doubt: The Prosecution and Exoneration of Michelle Murphy
                                    





                                Special Reports
                            



                                        Girl Scout Murders
                                    


                                        World War II Veterans Remember
                                    


                                        The Outsiders
                                    


                                        A Gathering Place for Tulsa
                                    


                                        The Oklahoma City Bombing
                                    


                                        1921 Tulsa Race Riot
                                    


                                        Terence Crutcher Shooting
                                    


                                        Oral Roberts
                                    


                                        Will Rogers
                                    





                                Photography
                            



                                        Galleries
                                    


                                        View Blog
                                    


                                        Staff Portfolios
                                    



                                Tulsa World Magazine
                            




                                Tulsa World TV
                            






                                Communities
                            



                                        Bartlesville World
                                    


                                        Bixby World
                                    


                                        Broken Arrow World
                                    


                                        Catoosa World
                                    


                                        Claremore World
                                    


                                        Collinsville World
                                    


                                        Glenpool World
                                    


                                        Jenks World
                                    


                                        Owasso Reporter
                                    


                                        Sand Springs Leader
                                    


                                        Sapulpa World
                                    


                                        Skiatook Journal
                                    


                                        Wagoner County American-Tribune
                                    





                                Columns
                            



                                        Ginnie Graham
                                    


                                        John Klein
                                    


                                        Wayne Greene
                                    


                                        Mike Jones
                                    


                                        Bill Haisten
                                    


                                        Guerin Emig
                                    


                                        Jimmie Tramel
                                    


                                        Barry Lewis
                                    


                                        Michael Overall
                                    


                                        Kelly Bostian
                                    





                                Jobs
                            



                                        Search job listings
                                    


                                        Job and Work Advice
                                    


                                        Work at the Tulsa World
                                    





                                Contact us
                            



                                        Circulation
                                    


                                        Newsroom
                                    


                                        Advertising
                                    


                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Obituaries
                                    


                                        Tours
                                    


                                        Human Resources
                                    


                                        Accounting
                                    


                                        Administration
                                    



                                Weather
                            




                                Obituaries
                            






                                Events
                            



                                        Senior Living Expo
                                    


                                        All World Awards
                                    



                                Databases
                            




                                Calendar
                            




                                About us
                            






                                Marketplace
                            



                                        Place a classified ad
                                    


                                        Advertise and market your business
                                    


                                        Jobs
                                    


                                        Autos
                                    


                                        Pets
                                    


                                        Homes
                                    


                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Daily Deals
                                    


                                        Display ads
                                    


                                        Findit Business Directory
                                    


                                        Legal Notices
                                    


                                        Tulsa World Store
                                    



                                Contests
                            




                                Special Sections
                            




                                Sponsored Features
                            




                                Best in the World
                            




                                Platinum Rewards
                            






                                Tulsa World Books
                            



                                        Cookies
                                    


                                        World War II Veterans Remember
                                    


                                        Barry Switzer: The Players' Coach
                                    


                                        Oklahoma Revisited
                                    



                                Bingo
                            
















Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout



























































83°
Few Clouds 







 



                                
                                    Tulsa, OK
                                
                                 (74103)

Today
Partly cloudy.
Tonight
A few clouds. Low around 70F. Winds NE at 10 to 15 mph.
 Updated: July 28, 2017 @ 9:53 pm



 Full Forecast








































































Close
















Peter Harris 








































































        
        Spartan College names Peter H. Harris of Dallas as CEO
    
Former CEO Jeremy Gibson will remain on the school's board of directors.

By KYLE ARNOLD World Business Writer

Jan 15, 2014
 0











































Peter Harris

































































A year after Spartan College of Aeronautics and Technology was bought by a private equity firm, the Tulsa-based vocational school has hired a new, business-oriented leader.Spartan has named Peter H. Harris as CEO and president. He comes to Spartan from Dallas, where he was most recently CEO of Eagle Hospital Physicians, a hospital services company.Spartan is a for-profit college that trains students to be pilots and work in the aerospace manufacturing and maintenance industry.Former CEO Jeremy Gibson will remain with the college as part of its board of directors.Gibson had been CEO since 2007. He and John Walker bought Spartan in 2001 from Thompson Corp.A year ago, Chicago-based Sterling Partners announced that it was buying Spartan, including its three campuses near Tulsa International Airport and Jones Riverside Airport. The school has nearly 250,000 square feet of classroom, hangar and office space.Harris has a substantial background running health-care, staffing and other assorted businesses. He holds a law degree from Harvard University and attended Northwestern University as an undergraduate, according to Spartan.Harris was not available to the Tulsa World for comment.


$3.95 a month: The new cost for doing business in Tulsa.
If you care about business and this community, it's a small price to pay to be in the know. For a limited time, get a digital subscription for just $3.95 a month. Sign up now at tulsaworld.com/subscribe.
Kyle Arnold 918-581-8380kyle.arnold@tulsaworld.com



































































Peter Harris







Tags


Spartan


Based


Ceo


Harris


College


Arnold


Gibson


Kyle


Tulsa


Airport









×
Post a comment as 







Emoticons 


[smile]
[beam]
[wink]
[sad]
[cool]
[innocent]
[rolleyes]
[whistling]
[lol]
[huh]
[tongue]
[love]
[sleeping]
[yawn]
[unsure]
[angry]
[blink]
[crying]
[ohmy]
[scared]
[sleep]
[sneaky]
[tongue_smile]
[thumbdown]
[thumbup]
[censored]
[happybirthday]
[ban]
[spam]
[offtopic]
[batman]
[ninja]
[pirate]
[alien]



Comment Text





Cancel


Post comment













×
Report








Cancel


Report Abuse
















×

Watch this discussion.
Stop watching this discussion.








                            Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion
                        

                            Notifications from this discussion will be disabled.
                        



Cancel



Start watching
Stop watching












 (0) comments 
                            
                        





Welcome to the discussion.


Log In



The Tulsa World requires that you use your real first and last name
on your account, which will appear next to your comments. If you
see a questionable comment or a fake name, click the report button
next to the comment. Review the guidelines to post
comments.



Post a comment



Watch this discussion.
Stop watching this discussion.


















                
                Latest Headlines
                
            






        

        
        Photo gallery: All-state football



        

        
        Jenks teen gets warm welcome from neighborhood as she returns home after surviving crash that killed 4



        

        
        Life sentence handed down in Tulsa baby's death that made waves at DHS



        

        
        John Klein: 90-year-old Tulsa artist still makes time for tennis, his first passion



        

        
        British baby Charlie Gard at center of legal battle dies



        

        
        Tulsa police overtime spiking as department waits for Vision-funded additions



        

        
        Russia orders cut in US diplomats in reaction to sanctions



        

        
        Tulsa police foiled rooftop burglary Friday morning, recover loot worth more than $100,000



        

        
        Lumber company driver charged with negligent homicide in accident caused by 'improperly tied down' load



        

        
        GOP blame-a-thon over health bill crash, but no clear path






                
                Latest News
                
            






        

        
        Photo gallery: All-state football



        

        
        Jenks teen gets warm welcome from neighborhood as she returns home after surviving crash that killed 4



        

        
        Life sentence handed down in Tulsa baby's death that made waves at DHS



        

        
        John Klein: 90-year-old Tulsa artist still makes time for tennis, his first passion



        

        
        British baby Charlie Gard at center of legal battle dies



        

        
        Tulsa police overtime spiking as department waits for Vision-funded additions



        

        
        Russia orders cut in US diplomats in reaction to sanctions



        

        
        Tulsa police foiled rooftop burglary Friday morning, recover loot worth more than $100,000



        

        
        Lumber company driver charged with negligent homicide in accident caused by 'improperly tied down' load



        

        
        GOP blame-a-thon over health bill crash, but no clear path







                
                Most Popular
                
            







        

        
        Longtime KOTV anchor Scott Thompson returns to TV on KJRH



        

        
        Lobeck Taylor Family Foundation announces plans for $5.5 million Mother Road Market



        

        
        Rogers County Sheriff Scott Walton calls out Tulsa County DA, Tulsa police chief in open letter on Facebook



        

        
        Watch Sen. John McCain walk past Sen. Jim Inhofe to vote no on Senate measure to repeal parts of Obama health law



        

        
        String of overdose deaths leads board to ban Muskogee doctor from prescribing opioids











                
                Jobs and Work Advice
                
            




















        

        
        6 Networking Tips for Teachers in a Tough Job Market













































        

        
        How To Accept A Job Offer Like a Boss













































        

        
        How to Answer the “What is Your Current Salary?” Question in an Interview













































        

        
        7 Strategies for Women Who Want to be the Boss at Work













































        

        
        Top Opportunities in the Online Retail Revolution













































        

        
        Need a Job? These 10 Fields Are Hiring Like Crazy













































        

        
        7 Warning Signs Your Talent Is Being Wasted at Work













































        

        
        The 5 Types of Interview Outfits That Will Get You Hired













































        

        
        How to Criticize Your Boss Without Losing Your Job













































        

        
        WARNING: 8 Signs Your Job Interview is Scam













































        

        
        How to Become a Nursing Assistant













































        

        
        The 10 Best Places For Dads to Work in 2017













































        

        
        Why You’re Not Getting Paid More Money













































        

        
        10 Super Weird College Majors You’ve Never Heard Of













































        

        
        How to Decline a Job Offer With Class













































        

        
        How to Use Google to Create a Winning Resume













































        

        
        The Best States for Working Moms













































        

        
        6 Reasons Why Your Company Is Not Your Friend













































        

        
        8 Signs You Need To Get Out of Corporate America













































        

        
        How to Overcome Insecurity in the Workplace













































        

        
        8 Ways to Make a Terrible First Impression













































        

        
        9 Reasons You Might Be Failing at Your Career—And How to Fix It













































        

        
        6 Common Negative Thoughts And How To Combat Them













































        

        
        6 To-Do Lists to Get Your Life in Order













































        

        
        8 Interview Strategies for Introverts













































        

        
        Ask Yourself: Are You Happy In Your Current Job?













































        

        
        How to Become a Technical Support Engineer













































        

        
        How to Use Pinterest for Your Job Search













































        

        
        The Best and Worst States to Make a Living













































        

        
        How To Handle Gossip About a Coworker













































        

        
        What You Need to Know About Returning To Work After Having a Baby













































        

        
        5 Ways to Use Snapchat in Your Job Search













































        

        
        Top 5 Best Pieces of Advice from Elon Musk













































        

        
        10 Useful Apps You’re Not Using That You Need to Download













































        

        
        6 Steps to Surviving a Job as a Night Shift Nurse













































        

        
        10 Companies Where Part-Time Jobs Can Mean Full-Time Benefits













































        

        
        10 Unprofessional Habits That Could Get You Fired













































        

        
        Optimize Your Resume for an 8-Second Skim













































        

        
        7 Work From Home Jobs You NEED to Avoid













































        

        
        How to Become a Paraprofessional













































        

        
        10 Things You Shouldn’t Do When You’re Broke













































        

        
        9 Super-Tricky Job Interview Questions and How to Answer Them













































        

        
        7 Ways You’re Messing Up Your 401k













































        

        
        How to Control Your Bad Temper Before You Explode at Work













































        

        
        How To Find A Job In Another State













































        

        
        10 Practical Steps to Help You Retire as a Millionaire













































        

        
        Why You Need To Limit Your Social Media Use













































        

        
        8 Reasons No One Will Hire You













































        

        
        10 Top Companies Hiring Part-Time Workers Right Now













































        

        
        10 Traits That Will Kill Your Career






































                
                Today's ePaper
                
                    





















        

        
        e-Edition




Make changes to your subscription
Log in to your account
Video an ePaper demo
Subscribe for unlimited digital access


















                
                Stocks
                
                    



































© Copyright 2017 TulsaWorld.com, 315 S. Boulder Ave.  Tulsa, OK | Terms of Use
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.

































Peter H Harris from FL Police Arrest Report ID 4162864


 








 







Police Arrest Reports


Home
Search Statistics
Recent
Arrests
Login
Available on the App Store




















Select State
Nationwide
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
 












Home



Florida



St. Lucie


Peter H Harris

 









Police Report for Peter H Harris
Police Arrests Record ID: 4162864





GET MORE
								INFO







Suspect First Name
											PETER

Suspect Last Name
											HARRIS

Suspect Middle Name
											H







Aliases
											PETER  HARRIS | PETER H HARRIS | PETER HENRY HARRIS







Date of Birth
											03-13-1992 00:00:00

Arrest Date
											01-25-2012 12:00:00

Age
											21

Sex
											Male

Race
											White

Ethnicity
											







Height
											6'02''

Weight
											205 lbs.

Hair
											Brown

Eye
											Blue

Place of Birth
											Florida







Address
											

State
											Florida







Total Bond
											

Booking Date
											2012-01-25 00:00:00

Location
											MADISON C.I.







Summary
											
												Arrested on charges of BURGLARY,ARMED W/EXP. OR WEAPO, GRAND THEFT,300 L/5,000, GRAND THEFT MOTOR VEHICLE on January 25, 2012 was Peter H Harris. The 21-year-old Harris was arrested by St. Lucie County Law Enforcement. He is 6'02'' tall, weighs 205 lbs. and has blue eyes. Bond was set at unknown amount for the  charge because Harris is presumed innocent until proven guilty. Police agencies listed here may assist with more information including court dates: St. Lucie County Law Enforcement.											




 







Statute code/Charge
											BURGLARY,ARMED W/EXP. OR WEAPO

Level
											







Charge: BURGLARY,ARMED W/EXP. OR WEAPO													 
Degree: 													 
Level: 

Bond: 
Court Type: 

Charging Agency: 

Arresting Agency: 









Statute code/Charge
											GRAND THEFT,300 L/5,000

Level
											







Charge: GRAND THEFT,300 L/5,000													 
Degree: 													 
Level: 

Bond: 
Court Type: 

Charging Agency: 

Arresting Agency: 









Statute code/Charge
											GRAND THEFT MOTOR VEHICLE

Level
											







Charge: GRAND THEFT MOTOR VEHICLE													 
Degree: 													 
Level: 

Bond: 
Court Type: 

Charging Agency: 

Arresting Agency: 






Get Full Report
*Average report length is 21 pages







Who is Peter H Harris?
Peter Harris is a 21-year-old Male.


When was Peter Harris arrested?
According to St. Lucie County Law Enforcement, Peter was arrested on January 25, 2012.


What was Peter H Harris arrested for?
Harris Peter was arrested on charges of BURGLARY,ARMED W/EXP. OR WEAPO, GRAND THEFT,300 L/5,000, GRAND THEFT MOTOR VEHICLE.


Is this a mug shot of Peter Harris?
This mug shot of Peter is provided by St. Lucie County Law Enforcement


Are any other mug shots of Peter H Harris available?
Additional mug shots of Harris Peter may be available from St. Lucie County Law Enforcement.


How tall is Peter Harris?
Peter is 6'02'' tall.


How much does Peter weigh?
Peter Harris weighs 205 lbs. lbs.


What color is Peter's hair?
Peter's hair is brown.


What is Peter's eye color?
Harris Peter's eyes are blue.




DISCLAIMER: Arrest records of
						Peter H Harris are public documents for informational purposes only.
						All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty, and publication here does not indicate
						that Peter H Harris has committed a criminal offense.
						This information should not be used to determine Peter H Harris's eligibility for credit,
						employment, housing or other business transactions.
						Contact the law enforcement officials in Florida for further information
						on Peter H Harris's legal status.


If you have more information about Peter H Harris, please share below 



*Use the contact form to speak with a representative


Recently Arrested in St. Lucie, Florida


Brain L Gall									


Brain L Gall									


Brain L Gall									


Brain L Gall									


Brain L Gall									


Edward J Deatley									


Edward J Deatley									


Shawn A Daniels									


Milton R iii Daniels									


Milton R iii Daniels									


Milton R iii Daniels									


Milton R iii Daniels									


Darryl C Daniels									


Darryl C Daniels									


Darryl C Daniels									


Emanuel Cruz									


David D Croft									


Joshua S Crider									


Deana L Craven									


Timoteo E Cortes									


Timoteo E Cortes									


Zenobia Cooper-forrest									


Raymond A jr Coleman									


Raymond A jr Coleman									






















Peter Harris - Attorney in Fort Lauderdale, FL - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















FloridaFort LauderdalePeter Harris


Peter H Harris








Peter H Harris 
                                    



                                                                                                            General Practice                                                                            



Law Office:
Parkstone Medical Info Sys



Fort Lauderdale Law Firms


Status:
Inactive


Licensed:
22 years















2400 N Commerce Pkwy
33326
Fort Lauderdale
FL









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™12/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


                        Reviews Pro Bono Cases✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™Not Available





















                    Contact Mr.  Harris















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want Peter H Harris .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Jacqueline M Boswell
Divorce & Family Law, Government
Weston, FL 33326 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Alan Philip Dagen
Litigation, Divorce & Family Law, Lawsuit & Dispute, Federal Trial Practice, Federal Appellate Practice
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33326 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Jason Chalik
Accident & Injury, Slip & Fall Accident, Car Accident, Personal Injury, Products Liability
Plantation, FL 33324 (Broward County)





CONTACT








Alicia C Briggs
Immigration, Divorce & Family Law, Real Estate Other, Wills, Health Care
Plantation, FL 33322 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Loren L. Gold
Personal Injury, Wrongful Death, Car Accident, Slip & Fall Accident, Workers' Compensation
Plantation, FL 33324 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Diana Santa Maria
State Trial Practice, Dispute Resolution, Litigation, Mediation, Medical Malpractice
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33328 (Broward County)





CONTACT








Andrew Y. Winston
Personal Injury, Legal Malpractice, Slip & Fall Accident, Car Accident, Professional Malpractice
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33314 (Broward County)





CONTACT




William G Koreman
Criminal, Domestic Violence & Neglect, DUI-DWI, Juvenile Law
Hollywood, FL 33024 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Christian Veras
Immigration, Bankruptcy & Debt, Real Estate, Family Law
Miami, FL 33015 (Miami-dade County)





CONTACT








Brenda S. Fetherhuff
Estate, Business, Divorce & Family Law, International, Accident & Injury
Hollywood, FL 33020 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Ulysses L Felder
Criminal, Traffic, Real Estate, Immigration, Lawsuit & Dispute
Hollywood, FL 33021 (Broward County)





CONTACT




Andres Montejo
Bankruptcy & Debt, Foreclosure, Bankruptcy, Credit & Debt
Hialeah, FL 33015 (Miami-dade County)





CONTACT











Admission






State / Court
Date




Florida
1995






Additional Info



FL State Lawyer Additional Information:
Circuit: 17
Service Type:General


Update Date:2015-10-26




Lawyer Badges


















26.088701,-80.3686479













MAIN LOCATION


2400 N Commerce PkwySte 300Fort Lauderdale, FL 33326




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



Legal Considerations Beyond Entity Formation

                    Selecting your business entity form is just the beginning of the legal matters you will face as a business owner.  This reference provides a list of the key issues you should be prepared to address thereafter.
                




Update on NHTSA Whistleblower Rules

                    The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has yet to publish the proposed rules for the NHTSA whistleblower program. This whistleblower program was authorized by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act in December 2015.
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog

























Florida Lawyer - Lawyer.com


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















Florida Lawyer






                  Florida Lawyer                





CITYCOUNTYView all Florida  Lawyers or browse by county.Alachua CountyAlachuaArcherEarletonEvinstonGainesvilleHawthorneHigh SpringsIsland GroveLa CrosseLochloosaMicanopyNewberryWaldoAlmere CountyAlmereBaker CountyGlen Saint MaryMacclennyOlusteeSandersonBay CountyFountainLynn HavenMexico BeachPanama CityPanama City BeachYoungstownBradford CountyBrookerGrahamHamptonLawteyStarkeBrevard CountyCape CanaveralCocoaCocoa BeachGrantIndialanticMalabarMelbourneMelbourne BeachMerritt IslandMimsOrlandoPalm BayPatrick AfbRockledgeSatellite BeachScottsmoorSebastianSharpesTitusvilleBroward CountyDaniaDeerfield BeachFort LauderdaleHallandaleHollywoodPembroke PinesPompano BeachCalhoun CountyAlthaBlountstownClarksvilleWewahitchkaCharlotte CountyEl JobeanEnglewoodMurdockPlacidaPort CharlottePunta GordaRotonda WestCitrus CountyBeverly HillsCrystal RiverDunnellonFloral CityHernandoHolderHomosassaHomosassa SpringsInvernessLecantoClay CountyDoctors InletFleming IslandGreen Cove SpringsKeystone HeightsLake GenevaMiddleburgOrange ParkPenney FarmsCollier CountyChokoloskeeCopelandEverglades CityGoodlandImmokaleeMarco IslandNaplesVanderbilt BeachColumbia CountyFort WhiteLake CityLuluDe Soto CountyArcadiaFort OgdenNocateeDixie CountyCross CityHorseshoe BeachOld TownSuwanneeDuval CountyAtlantic BeachJacksonvilleJacksonville BeachNeptune BeachEscambia CountyCantonmentCenturyGonzalezMc DavidMolinoPensacolaFlagler CountyBunnellFlagler BeachPalm CoastFranklin CountyApalachicolaCarrabelleEastpointLanark VillageGadsden CountyChattahoocheeGreensboroGretnaHavanaMidwayQuincyGilchrist CountyBellTrentonGlades CountyMoore HavenPalmdaleGulf CountyPort Saint JoeWewahitchkaHamilton CountyJasperJenningsWhite SpringsHardee CountyBowling GreenOnaWauchulaZolfo SpringsHendry CountyClewistonFeldaLabelleHernando CountyBrooksvilleIstachattaNobletonSpring HillHighlands CountyAvon ParkLake PlacidLoridaSebringVenusHillsborough CountyApollo BeachBalmBrandonDoverDurantGibsontonLithiaLutzMangoOdessaPlant CityRiverviewRuskinSeffnerSun CitySun City CenterSydneyTampaThonotosassaValricoWimaumaHolmes CountyBonifayNomaWestvilleIndian River CountyFellsmereRoselandSebastianVero BeachWabassoWinter BeachJackson CountyAlfordBascomCampbelltonCottondaleCypressGracevilleGrand RidgeGreenwoodMaloneMariannaSneadsJefferson CountyLamontLloydMonticelloWacissaLafayette CountyDayMayoLake CountyAltoonaAstatulaAstorClermontEustisFerndaleFruitland ParkGrand IslandGrovelandHowey In The HillsLady LakeLeesburgMascotteMinneolaMontverdeMount DoraOkahumpkaPaisleySorrentoTavaresUmatillaYalahaLee CountyAlvaBoca GrandeBokeeliaBonita SpringsCape CoralCaptivaEsteroFort MyersFort Myers BeachLehigh AcresNorth Fort MyersPinelandSaint James CitySanibelLeon CountyTallahasseeWoodvilleLevy CountyBronsonCedar KeyChieflandGulf HammockInglisMorristonOtter CreekWillistonYankeetownLiberty CountyBristolHosfordSumatraTelogiaMadison CountyGreenvilleLeeMadisonPinettaManatee CountyAnna MariaBradentonBradenton BeachCortezEllentonHolmes BeachLongboat KeyMyakka CityOnecoPalmettoParrishSarasotaTallevastTerra CeiaMarion CountyAnthonyBelleviewCandlerCitraDunnellonEastlake WeirFairfieldFort Mc CoyLowellMc IntoshOcalaOcklawahaOrange LakeOrange SpringsReddickSilver SpringsSparrSummerfieldWeirsdaleMartin CountyHobe SoundIndiantownJensen BeachPalm CityPort SalernoStuartMiami-dade CountyHialeahHomesteadKey BiscayneMiamiMiami BeachNorth Miami BeachOchopeeOpa LockaMonroe CountyBig Pine KeyIslamoradaKey Colony BeachKey LargoKey WestLong KeyMarathonMarathon ShoresSummerland KeyTavernierNassau CountyBrycevilleCallahanFernandina BeachHilliardYuleeOkaloosa CountyBakerCrestviewDestinEglin AfbFort Walton BeachHoltHurlburt FieldLaurel HillMary EstherMilliganNicevilleShalimarValparaisoOkeechobee CountyOkeechobeeOrange CountyApopkaChristmasClarconaGothaKillarneyMaitlandOaklandOcoeeOrlandoPlymouthTangerineWindermereWinter GardenWinter ParkZellwoodOsceola CountyIntercession CityKenansvilleKissimmeeSaint CloudPalm Beach CountyBelle GladeBoca RatonBoynton BeachBryantCanal PointDelray BeachJupiterLake HarborLake WorthLoxahatcheeNorth Palm BeachPahokeePalm BeachPalm Beach GardensSouth BayWest Palm BeachPasco CountyAripekaCrystal SpringsDade CityElfersHolidayHudsonLacoocheeLand O LakesNew Port RicheyPort RicheySaint LeoSan AntonioSpring HillTrilbyWesley ChapelZephyrhillsPinellas CountyBay PinesBelleair BeachClearwaterClearwater BeachCrystal BeachDunedinIndian Rocks BeachLargoOldsmarOzonaPalm HarborPinellas ParkSafety HarborSaint PetersburgSeminoleTarpon SpringsPolk CountyAlturasAuburndaleBabson ParkBartowBradleyDavenportDundeeEagle LakeEaton ParkFort MeadeFrostproofHaines CityHighland CityHomelandIndian Lake EstatesKathleenKissimmeeLake AlfredLake HamiltonLake WalesLakelandLakeshoreLoughmanMulberryNalcrestNicholsPolk CityRiver RanchWaverlyWinter HavenPutnam CountyBostwickCrescent CityEast PalatkaEdgarFlorahomeGeorgetownGrandinHollisterInterlachenLake ComoMelrosePalatkaPomona ParkPutnam HallSan MateoSatsumaWelakaSaint Johns CountyElktonHastingsJacksonvillePonte VedraPonte Vedra BeachSaint AugustineSaint JohnsSaint Lucie CountyFort PiercePort Saint LucieSanta Rosa CountyBagdadGulf BreezeJayMiltonNavarreSarasota CountyEnglewoodLaurelNokomisNorth PortOspreySarasotaVeniceSeminole CountyAltamonte SpringsCasselberryGenevaGoldenrodLake MaryLake MonroeLongwoodMid FloridaOviedoSanfordWinter SpringsSumter CountyBushnellCenter HillColemanLake PanasoffkeeOxfordSumtervilleThe VillagesWebsterWildwoodSuwannee CountyBranfordLive OakMc AlpinO BrienWellbornTaylor CountyPerrySalemShady GroveSteinhatcheeUnion CountyLake ButlerRaifordWorthington SpringsVolusia CountyBarbervilleCassadagaDaytona BeachDe Leon SpringsDebaryDelandDeltonaEdgewaterGlenwoodLake HelenNew Smyrna BeachOak HillOrange CityOrmond BeachOsteenPiersonPort OrangeSevilleWakulla CountyCrawfordvillePanaceaSaint MarksSopchoppyWalton CountyArgyleDefuniak SpringsFreeportMiramar BeachMossy HeadPaxtonPonce De LeonRosemary BeachSanta Rosa BeachWashington CountyCaryvilleChipleyEbroVernonWausauView all Florida  Lawyers or browse by county.Lawyers in Major Cities in FloridaCape CoralClearwaterDaytona BeachFort LauderdaleFort MyersGainesvilleHialeahHollywoodJacksonvilleLakelandMiamiOcalaOrlandoPalm BayPanama CityPembroke PinesPensacolaPompano BeachPort Saint LucieSaint AugustineSaint PetersburgSarasotaTallahasseeTampaAll CITIESAAlachuaAlfordAlmereAltamonte SpringsAlthaAltoonaAlturasAlvaAnna MariaAnthonyApalachicolaApollo BeachApopkaArcadiaArcherArgyleAripekaAstatulaAstorAtlantic BeachAuburndaleAvon ParkBBabson ParkBagdadBakerBalmBarbervilleBartowBascomBay PinesBellBelle GladeBelleair BeachBelleviewBeverly HillsBig Pine KeyBlountstownBoca GrandeBoca RatonBokeeliaBonifayBonita SpringsBostwickBowling GreenBoynton BeachBradentonBradenton BeachBradleyBrandonBranfordBristolBronsonBrookerBrooksvilleBryantBrycevilleBunnellBushnellCCallahanCampbelltonCanal PointCandlerCantonmentCape CanaveralCape CoralCaptivaCarrabelleCaryvilleCassadagaCasselberryCedar KeyCenter HillCenturyChattahoocheeChieflandChipleyChokoloskeeChristmasCitraClarconaClarksvilleClearwaterClearwater BeachClermontClewistonCocoaCocoa BeachColemanCopelandCortezCottondaleCrawfordvilleCrescent CityCrestviewCross CityCrystal BeachCrystal RiverCrystal SpringsCypressDDade CityDaniaDavenportDayDaytona BeachDe Leon SpringsDebaryDeerfield BeachDefuniak SpringsDelandDelray BeachDeltonaDestinDoctors InletDoverDundeeDunedinDunnellonDurantEEagle LakeEarletonEast PalatkaEastlake WeirEastpointEaton ParkEbroEdgarEdgewaterEglin AfbEl JobeanElfersElktonEllentonEnglewoodEsteroEustisEverglades CityEvinstonFFairfieldFeldaFellsmereFernandina BeachFerndaleFlagler BeachFleming IslandFlorahomeFloral CityFort LauderdaleFort Mc CoyFort MeadeFort MyersFort Myers BeachFort OgdenFort PierceFort Walton BeachFort WhiteFountainFreeportFrostproofFruitland ParkGGainesvilleGenevaGeorgetownGibsontonGlen Saint MaryGlenwoodGoldenrodGonzalezGoodlandGothaGracevilleGrahamGrand IslandGrand RidgeGrandinGrantGreen Cove SpringsGreensboroGreenvilleGreenwoodGretnaGrovelandGulf BreezeGulf HammockHHaines CityHallandaleHamptonHastingsHavanaHawthorneHernandoHialeahHigh SpringsHighland CityHilliardHobe SoundHolderHolidayHollisterHollywoodHolmes BeachHoltHomelandHomesteadHomosassaHomosassa SpringsHorseshoe BeachHosfordHowey In The HillsHudsonHurlburt FieldIImmokaleeIndialanticIndian Lake EstatesIndian Rocks BeachIndiantownInglisIntercession CityInterlachenInvernessIslamoradaIsland GroveIstachattaJJacksonvilleJacksonville BeachJasperJayJenningsJensen BeachJupiterKKathleenKenansvilleKey BiscayneKey Colony BeachKey LargoKey WestKeystone HeightsKillarneyKissimmeeLLa CrosseLabelleLacoocheeLady LakeLake AlfredLake ButlerLake CityLake ComoLake GenevaLake HamiltonLake HarborLake HelenLake MaryLake MonroeLake PanasoffkeeLake PlacidLake WalesLake WorthLakelandLakeshoreLamontLanark VillageLand O LakesLargoLaurelLaurel HillLawteyLecantoLeeLeesburgLehigh AcresLithiaLive OakLloydLochloosaLong KeyLongboat KeyLongwoodLoridaLoughmanLowellLoxahatcheeLuluLutzLynn HavenMMacclennyMadisonMaitlandMalabarMaloneMangoMarathonMarathon ShoresMarco IslandMariannaMary EstherMascotteMayoMc AlpinMc DavidMc IntoshMelbourneMelbourne BeachMelroseMerritt IslandMexico BeachMiamiMiami BeachMicanopyMid FloridaMiddleburgMidwayMilliganMiltonMimsMinneolaMiramar BeachMolinoMonticelloMontverdeMoore HavenMorristonMossy HeadMount DoraMulberryMurdockMyakka CityNNalcrestNaplesNavarreNeptune BeachNew Port RicheyNew Smyrna BeachNewberryNicevilleNicholsNobletonNocateeNokomisNomaNorth Fort MyersNorth Miami BeachNorth Palm BeachNorth PortOO BrienOak HillOaklandOcalaOchopeeOcklawahaOcoeeOdessaOkahumpkaOkeechobeeOld TownOldsmarOlusteeOnaOnecoOpa LockaOrange CityOrange LakeOrange ParkOrange SpringsOrlandoOrmond BeachOspreyOsteenOtter CreekOviedoOxfordOzonaPPahokeePaisleyPalatkaPalm BayPalm BeachPalm Beach GardensPalm CityPalm CoastPalm HarborPalmdalePalmettoPanaceaPanama CityPanama City BeachParrishPatrick AfbPaxtonPembroke PinesPenney FarmsPensacolaPerryPiersonPinelandPinellas ParkPinettaPlacidaPlant CityPlymouthPolk CityPomona ParkPompano BeachPonce De LeonPonte VedraPonte Vedra BeachPort CharlottePort OrangePort RicheyPort Saint JoePort Saint LuciePort SalernoPunta GordaPutnam HallQQuincyRRaifordReddickRiver RanchRiverviewRockledgeRoselandRosemary BeachRotonda WestRuskinSSafety HarborSaint AugustineSaint CloudSaint James CitySaint JohnsSaint LeoSaint MarksSaint PetersburgSalemSan AntonioSan MateoSandersonSanfordSanibelSanta Rosa BeachSarasotaSatellite BeachSatsumaScottsmoorSebastianSebringSeffnerSeminoleSevilleShady GroveShalimarSharpesSilver SpringsSneadsSopchoppySorrentoSouth BaySparrSpring HillStarkeSteinhatcheeStuartSumatraSummerfieldSummerland KeySumtervilleSun CitySun City CenterSuwanneeSydneyTTallahasseeTallevastTampaTangerineTarpon SpringsTavaresTavernierTelogiaTerra CeiaThe VillagesThonotosassaTitusvilleTrentonTrilbyUUmatillaVValparaisoValricoVanderbilt BeachVeniceVenusVernonVero BeachWWabassoWacissaWaldoWauchulaWausauWaverlyWebsterWeirsdaleWelakaWellbornWesley ChapelWest Palm BeachWestvilleWewahitchkaWhite SpringsWildwoodWillistonWimaumaWindermereWinter BeachWinter GardenWinter HavenWinter ParkWinter SpringsWoodvilleWorthington SpringsYYalahaYankeetownYoungstownYuleeZZellwoodZephyrhillsZolfo Springs









 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             




















TIPSLawyer.com makes finding Florida Lawyers fast and easy. Search for an attorney in Florida by top Florida cities or by your specific city. Or search for Florida attorneys by county. Or refine your search for Florida lawyers by legal practice area.  Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for Florida attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in Florida will offer free legal consultations and all have Florida law expertise.




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 















  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog




















































 

































 Contact Us



                                {{$root.htUserProfile?'My Account':'Login / Sign Up'}}
                            













Menu Icon

















            
            Specials
                        



            
            Weekly Ad
                        



            
            My Specials
                        



            
            e-VIC Coupons
                        



            
            Savings Alerts
                        



            
            My Favorites
                        



            
            My Shopping List
                        



            
            Sign up for e-VIC
                        





            
            Order Online
                        



            
            Order Groceries
                        



            
            Order Ahead
                        



            
            Gift ExpressLane Subscription
                        



            
            Pharmacy
                        



            
            The Flower Gallery
                        





            
            In Our Stores
                        



            
            Our Brands
                        



            
            Departments
                        



            
            New Items
                        



            
            Product Recalls
                        



            
            Meet Your Neighbor
                        



            
            In Store Services
                        



            
            Fuel Stations
                        



            
            FedEx Pickup and Drop Off
                        



            
            HT HomeTown
                        



            
            Baby's First Birthday Cake
                        





            
            Careers
                        







Search 



                                Store locator
                                















close


search









































Lawyer.com - Fort Lauderdale Lawyer


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















Florida / Fort Lauderdale Lawyer






                  Fort Lauderdale Lawyer, Florida                







  SPONSORED LAWYERS

1-10 of 163 matches. Page 1 of 17   






John K Lawlor✓ VERIFIEDAccident & Injury, Personal Injury, Car Accident, Malpractice, Slip & Fall Accident
South Florida Personal Injury & Auto Accident Law Firm
Originally from Boston, Mr. Lawlor received his B.A. from Barry University in Miami and his law degree from Nova Southeastern University in 1994. Afte... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-637-7650
 2211 Davie Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33312 Profile LAWPOINTS™61/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Ephraim Roy Hess✓ VERIFIEDEmployment, Business, Whistleblower, Discrimination, Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
Specializes in employment and business law and litigation
Ephraim Roy Hess has practicing law for more than 20 years.  He has successfully represented both individuals and small to medium sized businesses in ... (more)
CONTACT800-575-9130
 205 Davie Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33315 Profile LAWPOINTS™78/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Loren L. Gold✓ VERIFIEDPersonal Injury, Wrongful Death, Car Accident, Slip & Fall Accident, Workers' Compensation
PERSONALLY DEDICATED TO PROTECTING RIGHTS OF ACCIDENT VICTIMS SINCE 1991.
Former Insurance Adjuster

Personally Dedicated To Protecting Your Rights

I draw upon my foundation in small business, economics, the public sect... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT
 8050 Cleary Blvd., Plantation, FL 33324 Profile LAWPOINTS™68/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Peggy  Cruz-Townsend, Esq.✓ VERIFIEDDivorce & Family Law, Immigration, Bankruptcy & Debt, Accident & Injury

I graduated from the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida in 1997. I was admitted to the Florida Bar in 1998 and immediately began working as... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-689-5891
 110 SE 6th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Profile LAWPOINTS™77/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers





A. Randall Haas✓ VERIFIEDCriminal

There are questions which an experienced criminal defense attorney can answer for you. Did my actio... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-892-7670
 633 Southeast Third Ave, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Profile LAWPOINTS™66/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Vivian Hattem Fazio✓ VERIFIEDLitigation, Contract, Products Liability, Personal Injury, Wrongful Death
Innovative, experienced, AV-rated litigator who delivers practical, results-oriented counsel.
Attorney Vivian H. Fazio is the founder and president of the Law Offices of Vivian H. Fazio, P.A., located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. A veteran atto... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-970-8621
 633 S Andrews Ave, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Profile LAWPOINTS™65/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Ralph Steven Behr✓ VERIFIEDCriminal, White Collar Crime, RICO Act, Felony, Misdemeanor
Florida State and Federal Criminal Trials / New York State and Federal Criminal trials
Attorney Ralph Behr specializes in criminal law and is board certified by the Florida Bar in Criminal Trials.

As a criminal defense lawyer he pract... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-952-8471
 12 SE 7th St, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Profile LAWPOINTS™63/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Lou  Pendas✓ VERIFIEDAccident & Injury, Personal Injury, Car Accident, Wrongful Death, Products Liability

Mr. Pendas became an attorney once he realized there was a need to better serve those who are disadvantaged and have become victims of accidents. He p... (more)
CONTACT
 104 SE 6th St, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Profile LAWPOINTS™62/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Robert William Murphy✓ VERIFIEDConsumer Rights, Real Estate, Motor Vehicle, Bankruptcy & Debt, Business

Consumer fraud attorney Robert Murphy is a trial lawyer who practices in the areas of consumer litigation in Florida and across the country. In over 2... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-845-7961
 1212 S.E. 2nd Ave, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316 Profile LAWPOINTS™63/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Jason  Chalik✓ VERIFIEDAccident & Injury, Slip & Fall Accident, Car Accident, Personal Injury, Products Liability

Attorney Jason Chalik is a founding partner in The Law Offices of Chalik and Chalik, where he provides legal services and compassionate counsel to peo... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-931-1140
 10063 NW 1st Ct, Plantation, FL 33324 Profile LAWPOINTS™77/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers










 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             






















 
TIPSLawyer.com makes finding Fort Lauderdale Lawyers fast and easy. Refine your search for Fort Lauderdale lawyers by legal practice area. Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for Fort Lauderdale attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in Florida will offer free legal consultations and all have Florida law expertise.

SAMPLE LEGAL CASES


Strickland v. TIMCO AVIATION SERVICES, INC.... [1] Triad International Maintenance Corporation is a wholly-owned subsidiary of TIMCO Aviation
 Services, Inc.; these entities will be collectively referred to as TIMCO. [2] The record reflects that
 at the time of Strickland's accident, Joye Painting had not secured workers ...
Rey v. Philip Morris, Inc.... class member/plaintiff. II. Conspiracy Versus Traditional Product Liability Claims. The
 three class representatives in the original Engle trials were Mary Farnan, Frank
 Amodeo, and the estate of Angie Della Vecchia. Each asserted ...
Rando v. Government Employees Ins. Co.... The facts of this case are fully set forth in the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals' opinion in Rando
 v. Government Employees Insurance Co., 556 F ... case, we are guided by the lex loci contractus
 rule, which provides that the law of the state where an insurance contract is executed ... 



SORT BY:- Distance- Name- Location- LAWPOINTS™

FILTER BY:


Free Consultation
Male
Female
Suspended




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 



NEARBY CITY SUGGESTIONS

Cape CoralClearwaterDaytona BeachFort LauderdaleFort MyersGainesvilleHialeahHollywoodJacksonvilleLakelandMiamiOcalaOrlandoPalm BayPanama CityPembroke PinesPensacolaPompano BeachPort Saint LucieSaint AugustineSaint PetersburgSarasotaTallahasseeTampa













  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog































Peter H. Harrison — Miller Harrison LLC
























































PETER H. HARRISONOffice Direct: (801) 692-0794Email:  pharrison@millerharrisonlaw.comPRACTICE EMPHASIS:Peter Harrison is a partner of Miller Harrison.  His practice focuses on community association law.  He represents numerous condominiums, PUD’s and other community associations throughout Utah.  His work in community association law involves litigating complex construction defect cases, collection of delinquent assessments, drafting of governing documents, enforcement of governing documents, general litigation, and association governance advisement.  Peter also has experience in representing business owners. Peter has successfully litigated business disputes, including non-compete and non-solicitation agreements.Peter was named as one of Utah's Legal Elite in 2017COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT:Peter is the past President of the Utah Chapter of Community Associations Institute.  He has been actively involved in legislative matters that impact community associations, and has actively lobbied for legislation that protects homeowner rights.  Peter has been a speaker at numerous events discussing the nuances of governing community associations.  EDUCATION:JD Willamette University College of Law, 2006BS University of Utah Business Administration, 2003Personal:When Peter is not working he enjoys spending time with his wife and two young daughters.  Peter is an avid Jazz and Utes fan, and is also actively involved in the Utah Prospects (Utah’s top AAU program).  In addition to family and sports Peter is a traveler of some of the world (hopefully someday much more) and enjoys the culinary experience of Italian food.













