    Richard Hartman | Toll Brothers Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Richard T Hartman - Richmond, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Richard T Hartman in Richmond, VA


Richard T Hartman

                                                                           Intelius found that Richard T Hartman  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Richmond, VA.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Richard T Hartman is in his 50s

Richard Has Lived In

Richmond, VA
Erie, PA

Richard's Relatives

Katherine Harmon
Shelby Hartman
Cathrine Hartman
Julia Robertson







Richard T Hartman



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Richard? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Richard, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Richard T Hartman
Get a Criminal Check on Richard T Hartman
Get a Public Record Report on Richard T Hartman
Get a People Search Report on Richard T Hartman


Richard T Hartman's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Richard T Hartman has lived as well as Richard T Hartman's phone numbers and email addresses.




Richard T Hartman Has Lived in 2 States
Virginia Address for Richard T Hartman


3502 F**** A** 

Richmond, VA


Has Lived In

Richmond, VA
Erie, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Richard T Hartman

() ***-**** - Richmond, VA 
(804) ***-**** - Richmond, VA 
(804) ***-**** - Richmond, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Richard T Hartman



Get Email Report




Richard T Hartman's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Richard T Hartman


Richard T Hartman's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Richard T Hartman's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Richard Hartman
Username Matches

                  RichardHartman
                  HartmanRichard
                  Richard.Hartman
                  Hartman.Richard
                  Richard_Hartman
                  Hartman_Richard
                  Richard-Hartman
                  Hartman-Richard
                  RHartman
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Hartman







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Richie  Hartman - Richboro, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Richie  Hartman in Richboro, PA


Richie  Hartman

                                                                           Intelius found that Richie  Hartman  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Richboro, PA.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Richard T Hartman


Get Report Now

Age

Richie  Hartman is in his 50s

Richie Has Lived In

Richboro, PA
Philadelphia, PA
Reading, PA

Richie's Relatives

Margaret Hartman
Denise McGee
Stephanie Hartman
Felicia Hartman







Richie  Hartman



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Coach at Northampton Indians



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Richie? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Richie, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Richie  Hartman
Get a Criminal Check on Richie  Hartman
Get a Public Record Report on Richie  Hartman
Get a People Search Report on Richie  Hartman


Richie  Hartman's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Richie  Hartman has lived as well as Richie  Hartman's phone numbers and email addresses.




Richie  Hartman Has Lived in 1 States
Pennsylvania Address for Richie  Hartman


17 P****** R* 

Richboro, PA


Has Lived In

Richboro, PA
Philadelphia, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Richie  Hartman

(267) ***-**** - Richboro, PA 
(215) ***-**** - Richboro, PA 
(215) ***-**** - Southampton, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Richie  Hartman

r**********9@***.com


Get Email Report




Richie  Hartman's Professional Information
Information regarding Richie  Hartman's professional history.  Find out previous places Richie  Hartman has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Richie  Hartman Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Northampton Indians
               Title: Coach
Richie  Hartman's Experience
Title: Coach
               Company: Northampton Indians
Job Details
               Homepage for the Northampton Indians Youth Football and Cheerleading Program - Council Rock School District, Northampton Township, Pennsylvania
Additional Professional Information on Richie  Hartman

 See Richie  Hartman's LinkedIn Profile



Richie  Hartman's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Richie  Hartman


Richie  Hartman's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Richie  Hartman's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Richie Hartman
Username Matches

                  RichieHartman
                  HartmanRichie
                  Richie.Hartman
                  Hartman.Richie
                  Richie_Hartman
                  Hartman_Richie
                  Richie-Hartman
                  Hartman-Richie
                  RHartman
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Hartman







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














TOL Richard T. Hartman Insider Trades for Toll Brothers Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Toll Brothers Inc.

                  NYSE: TOL
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Toll Brothers Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 6:20 p.m.


TOL

/quotes/zigman/243733/composite


$
38.94




Change

+0.10
+0.27%

Volume
Volume 84,865
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/243733/composite
Today's close

$
			39.32
		


$
				38.84
			
Change

-0.48
-1.22%





Day low
Day high
$38.61
$39.45










52 week low
52 week high

            $26.65
        

            $41.07
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Richard T. Hartman



Mr. Richard T. Hartman is on the Board of Directors at Toll Brothers, Inc. Mr. Hartman was previously employed as Project Manager by Consolidated Rail Corp. He received his undergraduate degree from Spring Garden College.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/18/2017
7,836


 
Disposition at $37 per share.


289,932


03/30/2017
7,836


 
Disposition at $36.2 per share.


283,664


03/08/2017
20,000


 
Disposition at $36 per share.


720,000


03/08/2017
20,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $20.76 per share.


415,200


12/17/2016
13,624


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.59 per share.


430,383


12/17/2016
31,439


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


08/30/2016
18,310


 
Disposition at $31.02 per share.


567,977


08/30/2016
18,310


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $18.92 per share.


346,425


12/20/2015
2,435


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $32.85 per share.


79,990


12/20/2015
5,492


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


03/30/2015
6,176


 
Disposition at $39.8 per share.


245,805


03/30/2015
6,176


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $18.92 per share.


116,849


02/25/2015
5,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $18.92 per share.


94,600


02/25/2015
5,000


 
Disposition at $39 per share.


195,000


01/19/2015
972


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $33.93 per share.


32,980


01/19/2015
3,333


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


03/04/2014
23,313


 
Disposition at $39.69 per share.


925,293


03/04/2014
23,313


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $18.92 per share.


441,081


01/20/2014
972


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $35.96 per share.


34,954


01/20/2014
3,333


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


01/18/2013
1,360


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


12/07/2012
43,472


 
Disposition at $31.1 per share.


1,351,980


12/07/2012
36,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $20.14 per share.


725,040


12/07/2012
500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $10.53 per share.


5,265


09/06/2012
25,000


 
Disposition at $33.05 per share.


826,250


09/06/2012
25,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $10.53 per share.


263,250





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Robert I. Toll 
Executive Chairman




Mr. Richard T. Hartman 
President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Douglas C. Yearley 
Chief Executive Officer, Director & EVP




Mr. Martin P. Connor 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. John  Critikos 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. John K. McDonald 
Chief Compliance Officer, SVP & General Counsel




Mr. Gregg L. Ziegler 
Treasurer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Kira  Sterling 
Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Joseph R. DeSanto 
Senior Vice President-Tax




Mr. Kevin J. McMaster 
Senior Vice President & Controller




Mr. Daniel J. Kennedy 
Chief Audit Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Joseph R. Sicree 
Chief Accounting Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Frederick N. Cooper 
SVP-Finance, International Development & IR




Mr. Jonathan C. Downs 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Michael I. Snyder 
Secretary & Chief Planning Officer




Mr. John Allen McLean 
Independent Director




Ms. Christine N. Garvey 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard J. Braemer 
Independent Director




Mr. Carl B. Marbach 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul E. Shapiro 
Independent Director




Dr. Edward G. Boehne 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Stephen A. Novick 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:09 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






























































	Press Release - Richard Hartman - Tim Wilkerson Drag Racing News | Team Wilkerson NHRA Nitro Funny Car








































Team Wilkerson Racing








Schedule & Results


The Car


The Team


Multimedia


Wilk News


Store


Sponsors
















Press Release - Richard Hartman




Team Wilkerson Adds Richard Hartman To LRS Funny Car Crew
Posted by: Team Manager Bob Wilber
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (January 7, 2015) -- Tim Wilkerson,  owner/tuner/driver of the Levi, Ray & Shoup Funny Car, has announced the  addition of Richard Hartman to the organization. Hartman is a highly respected  veteran of the sport who has enjoyed a lengthy career that spans nearly all aspects of NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing, from crew chief to driver, while he also mastered nearly every other position along the way. Born into a drag  racing family, Hartman's career started at the age of eight, when he began helping  his father Virgil Hartman on the family's dragsters. His sister Rhonda Hartman-Smith and her husband John Bodie Smith have both driven professionally as well. 
As a driver, Hartman claimed spots in the NHRA Funny Car Top  10 during consecutive seasons (1990-1991) and he was the sixth Funny Car driver to earn a berth in the prestigious Castrol 4-Second Club, in 1996. Hartman began tuning in 1998, and has spent the last four seasons as crew chief  for Top Fuel driver Terry McMillen. 
"I'm thrilled to have Richard join our program, and I'm  really excited about what he can bring to our race car," Tim Wilkerson  said. "There's basically not a thing on a fuel car that Richard hasn't  worked on, built, or analyzed from every direction, and he's one of those talented  guys who has done just about anything you can do in drag racing, inside the  cockpit and out. 
"This sport is one where nothing stays the same for  very long, and that includes the people you have on your team, so when a couple of our guys moved on to different opportunities, and Richard was available, I  got him on the phone as fast as I could dial his number. He'll be a great  addition as another set of eyes, both in terms of helping with the tune-up and with the assembly of the car, and he'll bring a lot of other positive traits with him on  top of all that. He's going to be an important part of the LRS program as we  move forward."
Hartman  brings a vast wealth of race-car knowledge to Team Wilkerson, and he's equally  as fired up to get the 2015 Mello Yello season underway.
"I  am so excited to join Tim and the LRS team, I can hardly even put it into  words," Hartman said. "Tim has been one of my go-to guys for many  years and any time the race car would have me stumped in some way, he'd always  take the time to talk with me and help me get it sorted out. On top of that,  he's one of the all-around best people in this sport, and I'll be there to help in any way Tim wants.
"It's  been a long time since I was this pumped up about starting a new season, and because  we're going to have some new faces on the team, mine included, I'm really happy  that Tim has committed to testing in Phoenix, two weeks before Pomona. We'll  all have a chance to mesh a little as a team and get to know each other, and  we'll see how much good we can do on the track. I know Tim hasn't tested much the last few years, because he saves his budget for the season, so  hopefully we can get a little edge and a head-start before we kick off the real  racing in February. I can't wait."
Although  consistency has been a prized asset at Team Wilkerson over the years, it's  not uncommon for any team in the professional ranks to add new crew members  before any given season, and that's the case with Team Wilk for 2015.
"We're  kind of like that low-budget franchise that does a pretty good job developing  talent, but when they become free agents we have a hard time competing to keep  them all here," Wilk said. "So, we lost a couple of guys and are  shifting a few guys into new roles, but it's nothing we haven't gone through  before and we have a good core in place. Having Richard on-board will be a big  asset for us, as we try to gel a little and the guys get the chance to figure  it out. I'm hopeful that having Richard with us might just get us over the hump  a little bit, in terms of winning rounds and winning races. We're fired  up."
Team  Wilk will be testing in Phoenix, at Wild Horse Pass Motorsports Park, during  the weekend of January 24-25. The 2015 NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing season will  begin two weeks later, February 6-8 at Auto Club Raceway in Pomona.
###





















 

Executive Biographies | Toll Brothers Investor Relations






































































Toll Brothers  - America's Luxury Home Builder







Executive Biographies







Click on a link below to view to one of our Executive Biographies.


Robert I. TollExecutive Chairman of the Board
Douglas C. Yearley, Jr.Chief Executive Officer and Director


Richard T. HartmanPresident and Chief Operating Officer
Martin P. ConnorChief Financial Officer


Frederick N. CooperSenior Vice PresidentFinance, International Development and Investor Relations
John K. McDonaldGeneral Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer


Michael I. SnyderSecretary and Chief Planning Officer
Kira SterlingChief Marketing Officer






Robert I. Toll Executive Chairman of the Board
Robert I. Toll is Executive Chairman of Toll Brothers, Inc. Bob Toll, with his brother Bruce E. Toll, founded Toll Brothers in 1967. Bob served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board from 1967 until June 2010 when he assumed the position of Executive Chairman of the Board.
Bob Toll was named CEO of the Year by Builder Magazine in 2005. In 2007, 2008, and 2009 Institutional Investor magazine named him the Best CEO in the Homebuilders & Building Products industry.
Bob is devoted to numerous nonprofits, including Seeds of Peace, an organization that brings together youth and educators from areas of conflict in the world to its camp in Maine. Bob has been a long-time fundraiser for the American Red Cross and the American Cancer Society. He serves on the Board of Directors of the Cornell Real Estate Council, Seeds of Peace, and Beth Sholom Synagogue. Bob was a member of the Democratic National Finance Committee, and served on the Business Board of the Department of Defense; he is currently a member emeritus of the Board of Overseers at University of Pennsylvania Law School. Previously he was a trustee of the University of Pennsylvania, where he established the Albert & Sylvia Toll Scholarship Foundation. Bob is also on the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan Opera.
Bob received a Bachelor of Arts Degree from Cornell University and his LLB degree, cum laude, from the University of Pennsylvania Law School. He was named Cornell University Entrepreneur of the year in 2005.





Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. Chief Executive Officer and Director
Doug Yearley joined Toll Brothers in 1990 and has held various management positions over the past 27 years. He initially specialized in land acquisitions and project management, learning the home building business from the ground up. He then helped oversee our substantial growth through new market expansion and builder acquisitions. He has been an officer since 1994, holding the position of Vice President from January 1994 until January 2002, Senior Vice President from January 2002 until November 2005, and Regional President from November 2005 until November 2009, when he managed home building operations in nine markets throughout the country, oversaw the creation of our Toll Brothers City Living brand, and managed our Marketing department. In November 2009, Doug was promoted to Executive Vice President, and then to Chief Executive Officer in June 2010. He also became a member of the Board of Directors at that time.
Doug is Co-Chair of the Pennsylvania Chapter of American Cancer Society's “CEO's Against Cancer” and is actively involved in the Yearley Family Foundation, which supports many charities assisting underprivileged children through education.
Doug received a Bachelor of Science degree from Cornell University in Applied Economics and Business Management and a Juris Doctor degree from Rutgers Law School.





Richard T. Hartman President and Chief Operating Officer
Rick Hartman began his career with Toll Brothers, Inc. in 1980. He started as a manager in the Purchasing department and then served as Corporate Standards Administrator Project Manager, Senior Project Manager, Vice President, and Senior Vice President of the Company.
In 2005, Rick was promoted to Regional President. As Regional President, he managed homebuilding operations across multiple markets in the Company's Western, Northeast, and Mid-Atlantic regions with peak revenues of over $1 billion. Rick was instrumental in launching the Company's Active Adult product line and leading our entry into the New York City market with the introduction of our Toll Brothers City Living brand there. Rick was also responsible for the start-up of Westminster Security, our home-alarm monitoring business. Rick was promoted to Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President in January 2012, when he was given charge of all homebuilding operations. In January of 2013, he was promoted to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer.
Rick received a Bachelor of Science degree in Construction Management from Spring Garden College.





Martin P. Connor Chief Financial Officer
Marty Connor joined Toll Brothers in 2008 and has been our Chief Financial Officer since 2010. As CFO, Marty has direct responsibility for oversight of our Accounting, Finance, Tax, Investor Relations, Internal Audit, Mortgage, and Information Technology departments. He has helped orchestrate more than $5 billion in capital markets activity for the Company, our entry into the Seattle market, and the acquisition of Shapell Homes, the largest acquisition in the Company's history.
Prior to joining Toll Brothers, Marty spent more than 20 years at Ernst & Young LLP, serving large public real estate and insurance clients as an Audit and Advisory Business Services Partner. While at Ernst & Young, Marty was responsible for the real estate practice in the Philadelphia market. After leaving Ernst & Young, Marty served as the Chief Financial Officer and Director of Operations for a $4 billion, diversified commercial real estate development Company in the Mid-Atlantic region from 2006 to 2008.
Marty has been named twice as the Best CFO in the Homebuilding & Building Products industry by Institutional Investor magazine and is a frequent university and industry speaker. He is also very active in community and civic organizations.
Marty received a Bachelor's in Business Administration from the University of Notre Dame and is a Certified Public Accountant.





Frederick N. Cooper Senior Vice PresidentFinance, International Development and Investor Relations
Fred Cooper joined Toll Brothers in 1993 to establish its Finance and Investor Relations departments. As the Company's in-house investment bank, the team he leads is responsible for our capital markets and investor relations activities as well as our partnering relationships with major U.S. and international institutions. Since formation, his group has raised over $15 billion from banks, the public capital markets, and institutional partners. In addition to capital raising, his group advises on complex project structuring, joint ventures, corporate mergers and acquisitions, and major property acquisitions. Fred has been financial point for our expansion into Toll Brothers City Living and Toll Brothers Apartment Living, as well as several other new start-up initiatives. 
From 1989 to 1993, Fred was Director of Corporate Finance and Planning at DKM Properties Corp., the real estate arm of a Forbes 50 private company. From 1984 to 1989, he was Senior Vice President and a member of the Executive Committee of the NYC Financial Services Corporation, New York City's economic development bank. From 1980 to 1983, he worked in community-level affordable housing and economic development in the South Bronx and Brooklyn, New York.
Fred received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Brown University and a Master of Public Policy degree focused on finance and international development from Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government.





John K. McDonald General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer
John K. McDonald is our General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer. In this role, he is responsible for our Company-wide legal and compliance functions. Prior to joining Toll Brothers in 2002, John served as a litigation partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Cozen O'Connor. He started his legal career as a prosecutor in the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office.
John received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Haverford College and a Juris Doctor degree from the Georgetown University Law Center. He is a member of the Board of Directors of Living Beyond Breast Cancer and Philadelphia Youth Basketball.





Michael I. Snyder Secretary and Chief Planning Officer
Mike Snyder joined Toll Brothers, Inc. in 1980 as Assistant Controller and has held numerous positions throughout his 37 years with the Company including Director of Management Information Systems, Director of Budgeting, and Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning. He has been Secretary of the Company since 1998 and supports our Board of Directors in such role. Mike oversees our Corporate and Strategic Planning functions and Conveyancing department. Prior to joining the Company, he was with the public accounting firm of Friedlander, Dunn and Company from 1978 to 1980. 
Mike received his B.A. in Accounting from Temple University and is an Eagle Scout.





Kira Sterling Chief Marketing Officer
Kira Sterling joined Toll Brothers in 1985 and became our Chief Marketing Officer in 2006. She is responsible for overseeing the planning, development, and execution of our marketing and advertising initiatives, as well as the Company's media relations. She is a former board member of the Opera Company of Philadelphia and is the Executive Committee Chairperson of the “Annual Toll Brothers Gala” to benefit the American Cancer Society, which has raised over $7 million that goes directly to support research for the American Cancer Society.
Kira received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Pennsylvania.






 



National Sales Event - Personalize your home with limited time incentives - July 8-30, 2017Select a city or metro area to find your Toll Brothers dream home.








Contact Us



* First Name:

* Last Name:

* Email Address:

Phone:

* Select Area of Interest



Please Select
Arizona
California 
Colorado
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Illinois
Maryland 
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota 
Nevada 
New Jersey 
New York
North Carolina 
Pennsylvania 
Texas 
Virginia 
Washington 


Comments:

Send

                Thank you for your interest in Toll Brothers! One of our representatives will be in touch with you shortly.
            




We respect your privacy.



















 












Richard T. Hartman, Toll Brothers, Inc. President & COO - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Richard T. Hartman
President & COO, Toll Brothers, Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Richard T. Hartman at Toll Brothers, Inc.. Richard T. Hartman works as President & COO , acting in a Executive Management role .  Toll Brothers, Inc. is a leader in Architecture, Engineering & Construction .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News

07/13/2017:


Toll Brothers (NYSE:TOL) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16

News articles about Toll Brothers (NYSE:TOL) have been trending somewhat positive this week, according to Accern Sentiment. The research group identifies negative and positive press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Accern ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Toll Brothers earned a media sentiment score of 0.16 on Accern’s scale. .....

People In This Article:
Martin P. Connor
,                                            Richard T. Hartman
 

07/10/2017:


Toll Brothers Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (TOL)

Posted by Linda Flegge on Jul 10th, 2017 // No Comments
Toll Brothers Inc. (NYSE:TOL) declared a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, June 20th, RTT News reports. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be paid a dividend of 0.08 per share by the construction company on Friday, July 28th. This represents a $0.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.79%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th.
Toll Brothers ( NYSE:TOL ) opened at 40.41 on Monday. Toll Brothers has a 12 month low of $26.65 and a 12 month high of $40.63. .....

People In This Article:
Richard T. Hartman
 






Learn more about Richard T. Hartman  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Richard T. Hartman and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved






































Richard T. Hartman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Richard T. Hartman
President and Chief Operating Officer at Toll Brothers, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Richard T. Hartman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Richard T. Hartman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Richard T. Hartman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Richard T. Hartman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Richard T. Hartman through your network of contacts.
												








Richard T. Hartman's Executive Work History


Current


President and Chief Operating Officer, 
Toll Brothers, Inc.


Past
To view Richard T. Hartman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
59

 
 


Richard T. Hartman's Biography




			Richard T. Hartman, joined us in 1980 and served in various positions with us, including Regional President from 2005 through 2011. He was appointed to the positions of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer effective January 1, 2012. In December 2012, Mr. Hartman was appointed to the position of President effective January 1, 2013.
		
Source: Toll Brothers, Inc. on 12/23/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Richard T. Hartman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Richard T. Hartman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Richard T. Hartman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Richard T. Hartman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Richard T. Hartman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Richard T. Hartman


















Richard T. Hartman's Connections (13)





Sign up now to view Richard T. Hartman's 13 connections »









Douglas C. Yearley
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Toll Brothers, Inc.









Robert I. Toll
Executive Chairman of the Board, Toll Brothers, Inc.









Christine N. Garvey
Board Member, HCP, Inc.









Martin P. Connor
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Toll Brothers, Inc.









Richard J. Braemer
Board Member, Toll Brothers, Inc.









Carl B. Marbach
Board Member, Toll Brothers, Inc.









John A. McLean
Board Member, Toll Brothers, Inc.









Edward G. Boehne
Board Member, Toll Brothers, Inc.









Zvi Barzilay
Former Chief Operating Officer and President, Toll Brothers, Inc.









Paul E. Shapiro
Board Member, Toll Brothers, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Photo Release -- Toll Brothers Announces Promotion of Richard T. Hartman to President NYSE:TOL










































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Photo Release -- Toll Brothers Announces Promotion of Richard T. Hartman to President




















January 08, 2013 08:30 ET

 | Source: Toll Brothers Inc.

photo-release




Richard T. Hartman


 

Richard T. Hartman


HORSHAM, Pa., Jan. 8, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Toll Brothers, Inc. (NYSE:TOL) (www.tollbrothers.com), the nation's leading builder of luxury homes, today announced the promotion of Richard T. Hartman to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer. Hartman, 56, was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in January 2012.

	A photo accompanying this release is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=16494

	Douglas C. Yearley, Jr., Toll Brothers' chief executive officer, stated: "Rick's leadership has been crucial as we have positioned the Company to prosper as the market improves. His understanding of all facets of our business provides an invaluable perspective as we expand our presence across our suburban and urban platforms serving the widest variety of luxury buyers in the industry."

	Robert I. Toll, Toll Brothers' executive chairman, stated: "We congratulate Rick on his promotion to President. It is very well deserved. During his thirty-two years at Toll Brothers, Rick has exemplified everything Toll Brothers is about – loyalty, integrity, passion for the business, a tremendous work ethic, and most of all, friendship."

	Rick Hartman began his career with Toll Brothers in 1980 and rose to increasingly senior positions in the areas of operations and purchasing including as Vice-President Operations with multi-market responsibilities in 1994. 

	In 2002, Rick was promoted to Senior Vice President before being named Regional President in 2005. As Regional President, Rick managed home building operations across multiple markets in Toll's Western, Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions with peak revenues of over $1 billion per year. Rick was instrumental in launching Toll Brothers' Active Adult product line and leading Toll's entry into the New York City market with the introduction of the Toll City Living brand there.

	Rick received a Bachelor of Science degree in Construction Management from Spring Garden College in 1979.

	Toll Brothers, Inc. is the nation's leading builder of luxury homes. The Company began business in 1967 and became a public company in 1986. Its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "TOL." The Company serves move-up, empty-nester, active-adult, and second-home buyers and operates in 19 states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia, and Washington.

	Toll Brothers builds an array of luxury residential communities, principally on land it develops and improves: single-family detached and attached home communities, master planned resort-style golf communities, and urban low-, mid- and high-rise communities. The Company operates its own architectural, engineering, mortgage, title, land development and land sale, golf course development and management, home security, and landscape subsidiaries. The Company also operates its own lumber distribution, house component assembly, and manufacturing operations. The Company acquires and develops commercial properties through Toll Commercial and its affiliate, Toll Brothers Realty Trust, and purchases distressed loan and real estate asset portfolios through its wholly owned subsidiary, Gibraltar Capital and Asset Management.

	Toll Brothers is honored to have won the three most coveted awards in the homebuilding industry: America's Best Builder from the National Association of Home Builders, the National Housing Quality Award and Builder of the Year. Toll Brothers was awarded Builder of the Year for 2012 and is the only two-time recipient. Toll Brothers proudly supports the communities in which it builds; among other philanthropic pursuits, the Company sponsors the Toll Brothers Metropolitan Opera International Radio Network, bringing opera to neighborhoods throughout the world. For more information, visit www.tollbrothers.com

	The photo is also available at Newscom, www.newscom.com, and via AP PhotoExpress.
Frederick N. Cooper, IR/Financial Media
fcooper@tollbrothersinc.com (215) 938-8312
Kira Sterling, General Media
ksterling@tollbrothersinc.com (215) 938-8220



Related Articles
other press releases by Toll Brothers Inc.


Toll Brothers Announces Cash Dividend 
June 20, 2017 16:17


Toll Brothers, Inc. Prices $150 Million of Senior Notes
June 07, 2017 18:49


Toll Brothers Reports FY 2017 2nd Qtr and Six Month Results
May 23, 2017 05:00


Toll Brothers’ Robert and Bruce Toll Inducted into BUILDER magazine Hall of Fame
May 09, 2017 12:50


Toll Brothers’ Website to Broadcast Its May 23, 2017 Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call Live
May 04, 2017 08:00






212



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Toll Brothers Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Horsham, Pennsylvania, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Frederick N. Cooper, IR/Financial Media
fcooper@tollbrothersinc.com (215) 938-8312
Kira Sterling, General Media
ksterling@tollbrothersinc.com (215) 938-8220

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Richard T. Hartman


(JPEG - 1455 x 2182)




IMAGE URL | Copy the link below
            















Richard T. Hartman


Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Large
                        



Medium


Small
















Toll Brothers Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
CONSTRUCTION
REAL ESTATE
MANAGEMENT CHANGES














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Richard T Hartman | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. Richard T Hartman will not be notified of your purchase.

 
Related SearchesRichard L HartmanRichard F HartmanRichard D HartmanRichie HartmanRichard J Hartman

Connect With Us











25 Matching Results!Showing Top 20. Use filters to see more.
Filter By Age:All AgesNo Age30 - 3940 - 4950 - 5960 - 6970 - 7980 - 8990 - 99Has lived in:All CitiesAR - Fort SmithAZ - Casa GrandeAZ - CoolidgeAZ - ScottsdaleCA - AndersonCA - CottonwoodCA - HawthorneCA - ReddingCO - LovelandCO - Wheat RidgeFL - AuburndaleFL - Bowling GreenFL - BrandonFL - EnglewoodFL - MiltonFL - PensacolaFL - Port CharlotteFL - Rotonda WestFL - TampaFL - ValricoGA - CovingtonGA - La FayetteGA - MadisonGA - SharpsburgID - RexburgIL - BrookfieldIL - ChicagoIL - La GrangeIN - MishawakaMD - HancockMN - MinneapolisMN - Saint PaulMO - MacOnMO - SedaliaMO - SpringfieldNE - OmahaNJ - Ocean CityNY - Alexandria BayNY - BolivarNY - BuffaloNY - ClarenceNY - ColdenNY - East AmherstNY - East AuroraNY - FairportNY - FredoniaNY - GetzvilleNY - RochesterOH - CincinnatiOH - DaytonOH - TarltonOK - LawtonOR - EstacadaOR - GreshamOR - Oregon CityOR - PortlandOR - Trout DalePA - AllentownPA - Allison ParkPA - Bryn MawrPA - Drexel HillPA - EriePA - GlenshawPA - HorshamPA - JamisonPA - Jim ThorpePA - New TownPA - PhiladelphiaPA - PittsburghPA - ReadingPA - RichboroPA - SlatingtonPA - SouthamptonPA - WarfordsburgVA - AlexandriaVA - ArlingtonVA - Colonial HeightsVA - HopewellVA - PetersburgVA - Prince GeorgeVA - RichmondVA - RoanokeWA - KennewickWI - AmeryWI - Chippewa Falls




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 84

Richard J Hartman
Philadelphia, PASouthampton, PAHorsham, PARichboro, PA
Margaret HartmanStephanie HartmanDenise McgeeJ HartmanFelicia Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 68

Rick T HartmanRichard J Harman
Portland, ORGresham, OROregon City, ORTrout Dale, ORTarlton, OHKennewick, WAEstacada, OR
Kathleen HartmanMichael HartmanTami HartmanWilliam HartmanJanice Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 54

Richie Hartman
Philadelphia, PARichboro, PAReading, PASouthampton, PA
Margaret HartmanDenise McgeeStephanie HartmanFelicia HartmanJ Hartman


 


View Details


Richard Travis HartmanAge 43

Richard W Hartman
Cottonwood, CAMilton, FLAnderson, CARedding, CAPensacola, FLFort Smith, AR
Tamela DaveineJoshua HartmanKevin HartmanDaveine HartmanSheila Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 67

Richard L Hartman
Getzville, NYColden, NYBolivar, NYEast Amherst, NYEast Aurora, NYClarence, NYBuffalo, NY
Edward HartmanKristin HartmanTina HartmanMatt HartmanJustine Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 58

Richard F Hartman
Prince George, VAHopewell, VAJim Thorpe, PAColonial Heights, VAPetersburg, VA
June HartmanShelly HartmanRicky HartmanDavid HartmanFrances Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 60

Richard L HartmanRick HartmanRichard Thomas
Drexel Hill, PASouthampton, PAWheat Ridge, COJamison, PAOcean City, NJNew Town, PABryn Mawr, PA
Linda HartmanThomas HartmanDavid HartmanTherese HartmanLauren Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 90

Richard Anthony Hartman
Port Charlotte, FLEnglewood, FLRotonda West, FLMishawaka, INAuburndale, FL
Theresa HartmanTerry HartmanBrian HartmanHelen Hartman


 


View Details


Richard Thomas HartmanAge 51

R J Hartman
Tampa, FLDayton, OHArlington, VABrandon, FLValrico, FLAlexandria, VA
Mary HartmanMaryann HartmanThomas HartmanJaime Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 42

Richard D HartmanRichard J Hartman
Colonial Heights, VAAllentown, PAJim Thorpe, PARoanoke, VASlatington, PA
Frances FartmanMalcolm HartmanBonnie HartmanBarbara HartmanJeffrey Hartman


 


View Details


Richard Taylor HartmanAge 44

Rick Taylor Hartman
Portland, ORTrout Dale, ORGresham, ORKennewick, WA
Janice HartmanMichael Hartman


 


View Details


Richard Ted HartmanAge 68


Brookfield, ILChicago, ILLa Grange, ILLoveland, CO
Robert HartmanRuth HartmanTed Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 69


Fredonia, NYRochester, NYFairport, NY
Morgan O'neilJanis Hartman


 


View Details


Richard Thomas HartmanAge 64


Casa Grande, AZCoolidge, AZScottsdale, AZ
Kimberly MooreVicki HartmanTravis HartmanBonnie HartmanAmanda Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 45

Richard Paul HartmanRichard Paul Acree
Sharpsburg, GACovington, GAMadison, GA
Deborah HartmanTony Hartman


 


View Details


Richard Tyler HartmanAge 32


Rexburg, IDWarfordsburg, PAHancock, MD
Carla HartmanJana HartmanLarry HartmanElizabeth HartmanChristopher Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T Hartman


Pittsburgh, PAGlenshaw, PAAllison Park, PA
Elsie HartmanKatherine HartmanAndrew Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 56


Sedalia, MOMacOn, MOOmaha, NE
James HartmanTeri HartmanTeresa Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 46


Cincinnati, OHHawthorne, CALawton, OK
Matthew HartmanAnnie Hartman


 


View Details


Richard T HartmanAge 62

Richard W Hartman
Springfield, MOPensacola, FLMilton, FL
Kevin HartmanDaveine HartmanJoshua HartmanSheila Hartman




 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact













