


 HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE CO SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO DC VAR AC II (Form: 497, Received: 09/17/2007 14:26:09) 














	Group
	Variable Annuity Contracts






	Issued
	with Respect to DC-I and DC-II






	Hartford
	Life Insurance Company






	File No.
	33-19949






	Supplement
	Dated September 17 2007 to the Prospectus Dated May 1, 2007













	Supplement Dated September 17, 2007 to your Prospectus






	Effective October 15, 2007, the
	following language is added to the Federal Tax Consideration Section.  Under Information Regarding Tax-Qualified
	Retirement Plans at the end of sub-section 3. Tax Sheltered Annuity under
	Section 403(b) (TSA):





	On July 26, 2007, final 403(b) regulations were issued by the IRS which
	will impact how we administer your 403(b) contract. In order to satisfy the
	403(b) final regulations and prevent your contract from being subject to
	adverse tax consequences including potential penalties, contract exchanges
	after September 24, 2007 must, at a minimum, meet the following requirements:
	(1) the plan must allow the exchange, (2) the exchange must not result in a
	reduction in the participants or beneficiarys accumulated benefit, (3) the
	contract received includes distribution restrictions that are no less stringent
	than those imposed on the contract being exchanged, and (4) the employer enters
	into an agreement with the issuer of the other contract to provide information
	to enable the contract provider to comply with Internal Revenue Code
	requirements.  Such information would
	include details concerning severance from employment, hardship withdrawals,
	loans and basis.  As the final regulations
	will require certain written approvals from your employer, any exchange made
	without your employers approval may result in your 403(b) contract being
	subject to taxation and penalties. You should consult your tax or legal counsel
	for any advice relating to contract exchanges or any other matter relating to
	these regulations, especially if you are requesting any exchange without
	written approval of your employer.





	This supplement should be retained with the prospectus for future
	reference.




















Jackson National | Annuity Digest Company Listings































Jump to Navigation


















Main menuHomePerspectives - Featured Content - Opinion - News - Tom's Blog - Ratings & Reviews - Buying Guide - Glossary - Most Popular Annuities - Lists and FavoritesFind - Annuities - Companies - Financial Advisors - DownloadsCalculators - Annuity - Longevity - RetirementCommunity - Guest Content - Discussion Forums - Contribute Content - Create Directory Listings - Most Commented - Advertise & Promote - Social - PartnersStay Informed - Email Newsletter Sign-up - Contact Us - Follow Us - About






Home
PerspectivesFeatured Content
Opinion
News
Tom's Blog
Ratings & Reviews
Buying Guide
Glossary
Most Popular Annuities
Lists and Favorites

FindAnnuities
Companies
Financial Advisors
Downloads

CalculatorsAnnuity
Longevity
Retirement

CommunityGuest Content
Discussion Forums
Contribute Content
Create Directory Listings
Most Commented
Advertise & Promote
Social
Partners

Stay InformedEmail Newsletter Sign-up
Contact Us
Follow Us
About







Home > Find > Companies > Jackson National 


Search form

Search 












Jackson National









Jackson National Life Insurance Company is a multi-billion dollar, diversified provider of retirement solutions.
Jackson National was purchased by the British insurance company Prudential plc in 1986.  Prudential plc is not to be confused with the American insurance company Prudential Financial.
Jackson National is one of the top annuity providers in the United States in terms of sales volume, and the company continues to grow rapidly.    The company's products include annuities, mutual funds and life insurance.  Their annuity offerings include variable annuities, fixed annuities and fixed index annuities.
Through subsidiaries and affiliates such as Curian Capital, the company also provides asset management, retail mutual funds and retail brokerage services.





Jackson National Product Reviews



  
 Product Review of Perspective L Series  
 Jackson National seems to have emerged as one of the leaders in the U.S....  

  
 Product Review of Elite Access 
 This is a pretty interesting product that appears to have been design for the...  

  
 Product Review of Elite Access 
 In addition to what would be lumped under the "alternative" investment category...  

  
 Product Review of Elite Access 
 There is, in fact, an optional liquidity rider that can be attached to the...  



Products Offered



 Elite Access  

 MAX One  

 MAX One XL  

 Super MAX  

 Super MAX XL  

 Immediate Annuity  

 NY Immediate Annuity  

 NY Action  

 NY Action 200  

 BonusMAX  

 BonusMAX One  

 MAX  

 MAX XL  

 Perspective Rewards   

 Action  

 Action One  

 Elite Annual Reset  

 Elite 90  

 Elite Choice  

 Elite Choice Rewards
  

 Select Annual Reset
  

 Jackson Ascender Plus Select
  

 Jackson Ascender Plus  

 Target Select Family
  

 Super MAX Family  

 MAX Family  

 BonusMAX Family  

 Action Family  

 Perspective Advisors II   

 Perspective L Series   

 Perspective II  





General Information
Websitehttp://www.jackson.com
TypeInsurance Company
Founded1961
Ownership
CountryUSA

Contact Information
AddressLansing, MI 48909-4068
Phone877-565-2968
Fax800-701-0125


Information & Articles about Jackson National






 Noteworthy Reads - October 17, 2013 
  - Buffett and Berkshire adding equity exposure to defined benefit pension plans (Bloomberg)
- Why does something that “should” happen once every 7,000 years happen every 4 years (Bloomberg)
- Obamacare implementation exposes vulnerable retirees to gaps in the system (Bloomberg)
- Machines continue to hollow-out certain sectors of the economy (Bloomberg)
- Meanwhile, people are choosing to monetize what they can (Bloomberg)
- Private equity bids on the Hartford’s Japan assets (Reuters)
- Challenger is riding the wave in Australia (Fool)
- Rothesay Life assumes longevity risk through pension risk transfer for Philips (Artemis)
- A perfect case and point in support of John Bogle’s Relentless Rules of Humble Arithmetic (Bloomberg)
- More of the same with Axa’s variable annuity buyout offers (InvestmentNews)
- Star bond manager Jeffrey Gundlach offering DoubleLine Total Return Bond Fund strategy to Jackson National for Elite Access variable annuity (Reuters)
   
 2,105 reads  



 Jackson Approaching Variable Annuity Capacity Limits 
  In yet another sign of variable annuity capacity constraints, Jackson National recently announced that they are approaching the upper range for 2012 sales of variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits.
Jackson’s November 8 press release indicates the company has roughly $1 billion worth of remaining 2012 capacity.
Jackson indicated that this remaining capacity will be used for new product sales and that they will no longer accept new 1035 exchange business or qualified transfers of of assets for variable annuities with GLBs as of November 13 2012.
The 1035 exchange restrictions are temporary and will be revisited on December 15 in light of remaining capacity at that point in time.
In addition, the 1035 exchange restrictions will not affect Jackson’s Elite Access product which has alternative investment features that “are not conducive” to GLB features.
Jackson’s stated objective is to continue to manage variable annuity sales in light of prudent growth and management of the company’s balance sheet.
Source: Business Wire 
Full Story
 
 
 3,370 reads  



 What is Driving the Rush for the Variable Annuity Exit? 
  The variable annuity industry in the U.S. is highly concentrated.  Ten insurance companies generate roughly 80 percent of industry revenue, and the top 20 companies generate over 90 percent of total sales.
A meaningful signal is sent when five of the top 20 variable annuity companies announce that they are either exiting the business entirely or paring-back existing product lines.
This is exactly what has taken place over the past several months with the following companies dialing down their variable annuity exposure or pulling-out entirely:

Sun Life
The Hartford
Jackson National
ING
MetLife

Equity market volatility and low interest rates are the common themes running through the most or all of the retrenching decisions.  There are a few way in which high volatility and low interest rates can hurt the companies that provide variable annuities:

Poor equity market performance and low interest rates affect the value of guaranteed living benefits which are liabilities for the insurance company.  Poor stock market performance and low rates both increase the amount of the insurance company liability.
Higher volatility results in higher hedging costs.
Stock market performance affects the value of separate account assets which, in turn, affects fee income related to those assets under management.
Many return on equity (ROE) models consider capital market volatility or “beta” as a proxy for risk.  In this context, “extreme” capital market conditions create higher hurdle rates and result in lower return on equity.

MetLife’s recent investor conference call sheds some light on the return on equity issue. During the call, MetLife categorizes its product lines based by level of ROE.  There are three ROE categories: 1) greater than 15 percent; 2) 10 - 15 percent, and; 3) less than 10 percent.
Retail annuities (including variable annuities) are in the less than 10 percent ROE bucket. Included in this less than 10 percent bucket are other capital intensive business lines that require “margin improvement.”
MetLife also alludes to capital intensity and the level of economic capital required in the variable annuity business.  Economic capital refers to the amount of capital that needs to be set aside to deal with the risks in a particular line of business.  Perceived risk is high in the capital markets right now, so economic capital requirements are high as well.
The capital intensity theme was a major factor for The Hartford as well. The argument in favor of leaving the VA business was based on the notion that capital could be allocated to more flexible and less intensive areas such as property and casualty lines.
A point to consider, though, is that all of these value assessments require the assumption that capital market conditions will continue to be as extreme as they have been over the past several years. 
MetLife sheds some light on the glass half full perspective when they talk about the potential leverage in their variable annuity business. Some points to consider:

As of March 31, MetLife had total variable annuity liability balances of $152.1 billion.
$99.9 billion of the $152.1 billion had a living benefit rider
Of the $99.9 billion, $78 billion was in the form of a guaranteed minimum income benefit (GMIB) rider.
17 percent of the GMIB riders were in the money as of March 31.
The GMIB net amount at risk (the additional money MetLife would need to come-up with if everyone annuitized their GMIB contract immediately) as of March 31 was $1.6 billion.
If the S&P 500 were to increase by 10 percent and the yield on 10 year Treasuries increased by 1 percent, MetLife’s net amount at risk and in the money percentage would go “pretty close to 0.”
Only 250 out of the 375,000 ($60 billion worth of revenue) variable annuity contracts sold by MetLife over the past 3 years have a living benefit rider that is in the money today.

It seems that recent market volatility and ultra low interest rates could be distorting the perspectives of variable annuity issuers and the perspectives of certain shareholders of these companies.
Maybe the world has entered a permanent state of high volatility and low interest rates. Then again, maybe it has not.  In any event, there is at least a possibility that current perspectives on the variable annuity business are distorted by an overemphasis on recent experience.
Sources: MetLife

 
 7,979 reads  




 
1 of 3
››




Key Phrases:
Key Phrases: RetirementMutual FundsGlossary: AnnuityAssetFixed AnnuityImmediate AnnuityInsurance CompanyInsuranceVariable AnnuityCapitalLife Insurance 

While efforts are made to keep information on this page accurate and updated, the information shown on this page may be variable or out of date. Always check the issuing company's website or other public data listings for the latest information applicable to you as actual information may vary.

 





Advertisement


















Trending Now


  
 First SunAmerica 

 Target Select Family
 

 Prudential Premier Retirement Variable Annuities X Series 

 HSBC Retirement Report Discusses "Perfect Storm"  
 















Follow Us



Navigation
Home
PerspectivesFeatured Content
Opinion
News
Tom's Blog
Ratings & Reviews
Buying Guide
Glossary
Most Popular Annuities
Lists and Favorites

FindAnnuities
Companies
Financial Advisors
Downloads

CalculatorsAnnuity
Longevity
Retirement

CommunityGuest Content
Discussion Forums
Contribute Content
Create Directory Listings
Most Commented
Advertise & Promote
Social
Partners

Stay InformedEmail Newsletter Sign-up
Contact Us
Follow Us
About




Recent Articles 



 Would it be advisable to switch from my annuity to another type of investment?  

 An Interview with Peter Nakada of RMS  

 S. Jay Olshansky on Why the Message is All About Extending Health  

 Moshe Milevsky Discusses Tontines for the 21st Century  

 Are there single premium immediate annuities offered direct from A++ rated companies?  




Latest Tweets



 The secret history of the banking crisis https://t.co/moHmRWDC22 via @prospect_uk        —   
   3 days 22 hours ago  

 Longevity Annuities Can Improve DC Plan Participant Retirement Wealth https://t.co/46yM7Ywsw5        —   
   6 days 22 hours ago  





Copyright 2008-2017, Annuity Digest. All rights reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy












series 1 chapter 12 Study Sets and Flashcards | Quizlet






         









 

Log inSign up

AdvertisementUpgrade to remove adsStudy sets matching "series 1 chapter 12"Study setsClassesUsers Options12 termsSkyler_KuczaboskiOjibwemowin Series 1 - Chapter 12Niizhwaaswi ishkodekwanMazinibii'igewinMaziniichigewininiMaziniichiganThe Seven Fires PropheciesArt or act of drawing or paintingArtist (Ojibwe word for those who painted or drew)Visual image or pictographNiizhwaaswi ishkodekwanThe Seven Fires PropheciesMazinibii'igewinArt or act of drawing or painting23 termsclark_harringtonSeries 7 Chapter 122 methods of underwriting securitiesNegotiated SaleCompetitive SaleDivided Account (Western)Negotiated sale and competitive saleIssuer will appoint its underwriterIssuer will request that interested underwriters submit propos…Each member responsible for a specific percentage of the issue2 methods of underwriting securitiesNegotiated sale and competitive saleNegotiated SaleIssuer will appoint its underwriter98 termsjlevesque01Series 7 Chapter 12True or False: Term bonds are quoted on…Serial bonds are quoted on a __________…True or False: MBIA, FGIC, and AMBAC pr…Do S&P and AM Best insure municipal bon…False. Term bonds are quoted on a dollar basis (% of par).Yield-to-maturityFalse. MBIA, FGIC, and AMBAC insure municipal bond offerings,…No, they provide bond ratings.True or False: Term bonds are quoted on…False. Term bonds are quoted on a dollar basis (% of par).Serial bonds are quoted on a __________…Yield-to-maturityAdvertisementUpgrade to remove ads32 termsemily_chambers184Series 7 Chapter 12Buys (longs, holds, owns)Selling (shorting, writing)One Option ContractOption ExpirationThat investor controls the option and decides whether and when…The investor is obligated to live up to the terms of the contr…Typically 100 shares of the underlying stockThe initial expiration for most option sis 9 months from the i…Buys (longs, holds, owns)That investor controls the option and decides whether and when…Selling (shorting, writing)The investor is obligated to live up to the terms of the contr…37 termsnicki_heathSeries 24-Chapter 12What is the execution system for NASDAQ?What is the reporting system for NASDAQ?What is the execution system for ADF?What is the reporting system for ADF?NASDAQ market center execution systemTrade reporting facility TRFProprietary systems ATSADFWhat is the execution system for NASDAQ?NASDAQ market center execution systemWhat is the reporting system for NASDAQ?Trade reporting facility TRF30 termsAshley_Hines9Series 79 chapter 12Order of selecting underwriterFirm commitmentStabdbyWhen do issuers use best efforts1) bakeoff 2) mandate 3) engagement letterUnderwriter acts as principal and buys deal and then resells t…Used in conjunction with rights offering and underwriter takes…Minimize feesOrder of selecting underwriter1) bakeoff 2) mandate 3) engagement letterFirm commitmentUnderwriter acts as principal and buys deal and then resells t…8 termsolitleChapter 12 Gouin SeriesMe despierto temprano a las seis.Me levanto enseguida.Primero, me baño y me lavo con el jabón.Después, me pongo la ropa.............Me despierto temprano a las seis....Me levanto enseguida....6 termsAdriana_Valadez4Chapter 12 Sequences and SeriesTo find any term in an arithmetic seque…sum of an arithmetic seriesFinding the nth term of the geometric s…Sum of a geometric seriesAn=a, + (n-1)d... An= any term n= position of that # in the sequ…Sn= n/2 (a,+An)An= a,r^n-1Sn= (a, - a,r^n) / (1 - r)To find any term in an arithmetic seque…An=a, + (n-1)d... An= any term n= position of that # in the sequ…sum of an arithmetic seriesSn= n/2 (a,+An)18 termslexislowinskiCHAPTER 12 SEQUENCES AND SERIESsequencetermsGeneral term/nth terminfinite sequencea function whose donain consists of consecutive positive inter…a corresponding value to a position in a sequence (a1, a2, ...)the actual number in the nth position (an)unlimited number of terms (...)sequencea function whose donain consists of consecutive positive inter…termsa corresponding value to a position in a sequence (a1, a2, ...)27 termsdtajnaiSeries 7 -- Chapter 12 Variable AnnuitiesAnnuityFixed annuityVariable annuitySeparate accountis a life insurance company product designed to provide supple…investors pay premiums to the insurance company that are inves…An insurance contract in which, at the end of the accumulation…Premium payments for variable annuities are invested in a ____…Annuityis a life insurance company product designed to provide supple…Fixed annuityinvestors pay premiums to the insurance company that are inves…21 termsHeather_Beck12A Series of Unfortunate Events: The Bad Beginning Chapter 12were of two mindsfilled with dreadfascinateddeclaimingthey felt two different ways at the same timeto by in terror of; fear intenselyto cause (someone) to be very interested in something or someo…to say (something) in usually a loud and formal waywere of two mindsthey felt two different ways at the same timefilled with dreadto by in terror of; fear intensely10 termsKatie_SabinoTEACHERDC/AC Chapter 12-Series AC CircuitsBand-pass filterBand-stop filterBandwidthComplex numbera circuit designed to pass frequencies around resonance and re…a circuit designed to reject frequencies around resonance and…the range of frequencies for which the output voltage is 70.7%…a number that is described by both a real and an imaginary ter…Band-pass filtera circuit designed to pass frequencies around resonance and re…Band-stop filtera circuit designed to reject frequencies around resonance and…51 termsjonkneeSeries 66 chapter 12The review of a corporations balance sh…What are some of the various metrics us…What is the formula referred to as bala…How to calculate market capitalizationFundamental analysisCurrent ratio... Working capital... Debt to equity ratio... Earnings pe…Total assets = total liabilities + shareholders equityStock price x common shares outstanding ... Excluding treasury st…The review of a corporations balance sh…Fundamental analysisWhat are some of the various metrics us…Current ratio... Working capital... Debt to equity ratio... Earnings pe…27 termstue62970Series 7: Chapter 12 (Part 1)ProgressiveRegressiveOrdinary incomeCapital GainsAs income increases, the tax rates increases (tax classificati…The tax remains fixed without regard to price of the item (tax…Income: This income is derived from sources such as wages, com…Income: This type of income is the profit received upon the sa…ProgressiveAs income increases, the tax rates increases (tax classificati…RegressiveThe tax remains fixed without regard to price of the item (tax…71 termsjonkneeSeries 7 (STC) Chapter 12Municipal debt issues are exempt fromIs the official statement requiredWhat does EMMA do?What are the terms of a negotiated saleFederal registration... state registration (blue sky laws)... trust…No since the MSRB has no control over issueselectronic municipal market access... used by issuers and underwr…issuers appoints its underwriter... used for revenue bonds... issuer…Municipal debt issues are exempt fromFederal registration... state registration (blue sky laws)... trust…Is the official statement requiredNo since the MSRB has no control over issues30 termsjh11abSeries 7 Chapter 12A registered representative's (RR) cust…For an insurance company, mortality ris…If a 42-year-old customer has been depo…A registered representative explaining…Your answer, The policy provides a minimum guaranteed death be…Your answer, I and III., was incorrect. The correct answer was…Your answer, accumulation units., was correct!.... The customer,…Your answer, II and IV., was incorrect. The correct answer was…A registered representative's (RR) cust…Your answer, The policy provides a minimum guaranteed death be…For an insurance company, mortality ris…Your answer, I and III., was incorrect. The correct answer was…10 termsmegangosianMath Chapter 12; Sequences and SeriesArithmeticGeometricAn=A1+d(n-1)An=A1(r)^n-1The difference of the terms is constant. (+,-)The difference is a constant ratio (x,/)Rule for an arithmetic sequence. D is the difference.Rule for a geometric sequence. R is the ratioArithmeticThe difference of the terms is constant. (+,-)GeometricThe difference is a constant ratio (x,/)5 termsAnton_MolnarChapter 12: Sequences and SeriesDefinition of a sequenceRecursively Defined SequencesPartial Sums of a SequenceSummation or Sigma notationA sequence is a function ƒ whose domain is the set of natural…the Nth term of a sequence may depend on some or all of the te…For the sequence... a₁, a₂, a₃, a₄, ... , a_n... the partial sums ar…n∑k=1 a_k = a₁ + a₂ + a₃ + ... + a_n... "the sum of a_k from k=1…Definition of a sequenceA sequence is a function ƒ whose domain is the set of natural…Recursively Defined Sequencesthe Nth term of a sequence may depend on some or all of the te…5 termskenny_mai6Series 57 - Knopman Marks Chapter 12actively managedindex fundsclosed-end funds (CEFs)variable annuitiesthe goal is to exceed the market's average returns through sec…are passively managed and operate with limited trading activityprofessionally managed investment companies that offer investo…designed to boost retirement savings by offering returns based…actively managedthe goal is to exceed the market's average returns through sec…index fundsare passively managed and operate with limited trading activity126 termsjcgarvinSeries 66 - Chapter 12 Portfolio managementHolding Period Rate of ReturnMarket RiskInflation RiskSystematic RiskThe rate of return that someone earns over the life of an inve…Day to Day potential for an investor to experiences losses to…When the CPI price increases this type of risk diminishes the…Risk that is unpredictable and impossible to avoid. ... Non Diver…Holding Period Rate of ReturnThe rate of return that someone earns over the life of an inve…Market RiskDay to Day potential for an investor to experiences losses to…49 termsclark_harringtonSeries 7 Chapter 12 STC FlashcardsTrue or False: Term bonds are quoted on…Serial bonds are quoted on a __________…What type of syndicate has members resp…What type of syndicate is formed when m…FalseYield-to-maturityWestern (divided)Eastern (undivided)True or False: Term bonds are quoted on…FalseSerial bonds are quoted on a __________…Yield-to-maturity74 termsbobbybeySeries 7 -Chapter 12-Variable AnnuitiesAnnuityWhat does the term annuity specifically…What makes annuities unique from other…What are the two types of annuities?-a life insurance company product designed to provide suppleme…-the term specifically refers to a stream of income payments g…guarantees it offersfixed and variableAnnuity-a life insurance company product designed to provide suppleme…What does the term annuity specifically…-the term specifically refers to a stream of income payments g…8 termszginSeries 7 - Variable Annuities (Chapter 12)AnnuityFixed Annuity vs Variable AnnuityVariable AnnuityTwo phases of annuitiesdesigned to provide supplemental retirement income with stream…Fixed payments. Purchasing power risk is payment might not be…investor has right to vote on:... 1) proposed changes in investme…Accumulation vs Annuity Phases... Value - Accumulation or Annuity…Annuitydesigned to provide supplemental retirement income with stream…Fixed Annuity vs Variable AnnuityFixed payments. Purchasing power risk is payment might not be…8 termsjensentjChapter 12: Upper GI series pathologyBezoarDiverticulahematemesisgastric carcinomasmass of undigested material that becomes trapped in stomach... u…pouchlike herniations of a portion of mucosal wall... most arise…blood in vomit. indicative of other pathologic conditions in G…70% of all stomach neoplasms... double contrast upper gi is best…Bezoarmass of undigested material that becomes trapped in stomach... u…Diverticulapouchlike herniations of a portion of mucosal wall... most arise…20 termsBrigg7Series 7: Chapter 12 - Variable AnnuitiesAnnuityFixed AnnuityPurchasing Power RiskVariable AnnuityLife insurance company product designed to provide supplementa…Investors pay premiums to the insurance Company that are inves…Losing buying power over time as a result of inflation.Like a fixed annuity but has the opportunity to keep pace with…AnnuityLife insurance company product designed to provide supplementa…Fixed AnnuityInvestors pay premiums to the insurance Company that are inves…1 of 20
AdvertisementUpgrade to remove ads








Annuities | The Hartford



















































Annuities



















Home
Annuities











Access Information About Your Annuity Contract

Welcome to our annuity home page. From here, contract holders and financial professionals can register and login to our newly redesigned Annuity Service Center to access specific contract information, useful resources, and the latest annuity product updates.

VISIT ANNUITY SERVICE CENTER


	Helpful Resources
Statement of Account How-to-Read-Guide


The Hartford has recently made updates to improve the information provided on our variable annuity Statement of Accounts.
 
Read How-to-Guide
 
Required Minimum Distributions Calculator

A new online tool for calculating Required Minimum Distributions (RMD) has been made available.

How to use RMD Calculator
 
Tax Center

Identify the tax forms you may receive for your individual annuity contract(s) with The Hartford. 

Visit the Tax Center
 
About Required Minimum Distribution (RMD)

Generally, the IRS requires that you withdraw at least a minimum amount - known as a Required Minimum Distribution – from certain types of retirement accounts annually, starting the year you turn age 70 1/2. Determining how much you are required to withdraw is an important issue in retirement planning. 

Read about RMD
 
How to Choose a Financial Advisor

When choosing a financial advisor, you may want to be sure you're entrusting your hard-earned savings to a professional-an experienced financial advisor who's in tune with your financial needs & goals. It's worth it to take the time to find the right person for you.

Learn about picking an advisor
 
5 Questions to Ask Your Financial Advisor

There is never a bad time to review your financial plan with your financial advisor. You should make it a point to do so at least once a year. To help ensure you get the most out of the discussion, get prepared and plan to participate.

Read the list of questions


300128-2 05/17
 










Advisor & Client Annuity Account Access

 


 LOG IN NOW
						








	Resources
Performance
Variable Annuities Prospectus
Fixed & Fixed Index Annuities Prospectus
Download Forms
Contact Us










Get a Quote


Find Agent


Contact Us































Variable Life Insurance Policy



















































































 























Topics



What's New



Trump Replaces Chief of Staff Priebus With Retired General Kelly




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters






















Variable Life Insurance Policy









Share










































Loading the player...
















 

What is a 'Variable Life Insurance Policy'
A variable life insurance policy is a form of permanent life insurance. Variable life insurance provides permanent protection to the beneficiary upon the death of the policyholder. This type of insurance is generally more expensive than term insurance because it allows the insured to allocate a portion of the premium dollars to a separate account comprised of various instruments and investment funds within the insurance company's portfolio, such as stocks, bonds, equity funds, money market funds and bond funds.

        Next Up
        




                                                    Universal Life Insurance                                            




                                                    Life Insurance                                            




                                                    Adjustable Life Insurance                                            




                                                    Whole Life Insurance Policy                                            







BREAKING DOWN 'Variable Life Insurance Policy'
      Because of investment risks, variable policies are considered securities contracts and are regulated under the federal securities laws; therefore, they must be sold via a prospectus. As a securities product, fund performance may lead to declining cash value or death benefit over time.Variable life insurance policies have certain tax benefits made available to policyholders, such as the ability to utilize cash value on a tax-benefited basis. As long as premiums are paid and the policy remains in force, policyholders can access the cash value through a tax-free loan against the policy. Should cash value be withdrawn instead of borrowed, the policyholder faces tax implications on any realized earnings. Any loans taken out that are not repaid have the potential to decrease the death benefit paid to beneficiaries at the time the insured passes away.Variable Life Insurance FlexibilityOne of the aspects of variable life insurance that makes it stand out among other permanent life insurance policies is the flexibility it provides policyholders in terms of premiums paid and cash value accumulation. Premiums paid to a variable life insurance policy are not fixed as they are with traditional whole life insurance or term insurance. Instead, they can be shifted up or down over time, within certain limits, based on the insured's needs. For example, an insured with a variable life insurance policy may decide to reduce monthly premium payments from $100 to $50 because a major expense may have impeded cash flow for a period of time. The cash value within the policy can be used to make up the shortage in premium payments during the time lower premium payments are made. When cash flow returns to a comfortable level, the insured has the option to increase premiums back to the initial $100 per month.Downsides of Variable Life InsuranceUnlike fixed life insurance products, variable life insurance may require policyholders to add premiums over time to ensure the death benefit remains guaranteed to a certain age. Paying more than the minimum cost of insurance for a variable life insurance policy is one method to ensure guarantees remain intact. Additionally, investment risks within the cash value of a variable life insurance policy fall completely on the policyholder, not the insurance company. As such, there are no guarantees as to how well the cash value may perform over time, making it difficult to plan for using accumulated earnings in the future. Like most life insurance policies, individuals are required to undergo full medical underwriting to obtain a variable life insurance policy.





   



RELATED TERMS



                                                    Universal Life Insurance                                            

 A type of flexible permanent life insurance offering the low-cost ...  



                                                    Life Insurance                                            

 A protection against the loss of income that would result if ...  



                                                    Adjustable Life Insurance                                            

 A type of life insurance that combines features of term and whole ...  



                                                    Whole Life Insurance Policy                                            

 A life insurance contract with level premiums that has both an ...  



                                                    Equity-Indexed Universal Life Insurance                                            

 A permanent life insurance policy that allows policyholders to ...  



                                                    Term Life Insurance                                            

 A policy with a set duration limit on the coverage period instead ...  




Related Articles





Retirement

                                                    Understanding Different Types of Life Insurance                                            

 Understand the various types of life insurance, how each can be used in personal or business financial planning, and for whom they are best-suited. 





Insurance

                                                    Understanding Taxes on Life Insurance Premiums                                            

 Learn about the tax implications of life insurance premiums, including when they might be taxable and whether they are tax deductible. 





Financial Advisor

                                                    Permanent Life Policies: Whole Vs. Universal                                            

 If you're looking for life-long security, choosing between these two is the key.  





Financial Advisor

                                                    Buying a Life Insurance Policy? Read This First                                            

 Knowing who needs life insurance, how it works and the different types of insurance can help consumers make informed decisions about this product. 





Financial Advisor

                                                    Advising FAs: Explaining Life Insurance to a Client                                            

 Life insurance was initially designed to protect the income of families, particularly young families in the wealth accumulation phase, in the event of the head of household's death. 





Insurance

                                                    How Good An Investment Is Life Insurance?                                            

 Compared to other options, does it ever make sense to include cash-value life insurance in your investment portfolio? A look at the pros and cons. 





Insurance

                                                    How Cash Value Builds In A Life Insurance Policy                                            

 If you have permanent life insurance, more of your insurance premium goes to cash value in the early years of your policy: a step-by-step guide. 





Financial Advisor

                                                    Is Life Insurance From Your Employer Enough?                                            

 Covering the needs of the ones you would leave behind is not easy. But efforts to secure a life insurance policy outside of work should pay off. 












































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing







Hot Definitions



                                                    Free Rider Problem                                            

 1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals in a population either consume more ...  



                                                    Dumping                                            

 In international trade, the export by a country or company of a product at a price that is lower in the foreign market than ...  



                                                    Tender Offer                                            

 An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price offered is usually at a premium to the ...  



                                                    Ponzi Scheme                                            

 A fraudulent investing scam promising high rates of return with little risk to investors. The Ponzi scheme generates returns ...  



                                                    Dow Jones Industrial Average - DJIA                                            

 The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange ...  



                                                    Revolving Credit                                            

 A line of credit where the customer pays a commitment fee and is then allowed to use the funds when they are needed. It is ...  












Trading Center















Partner Links



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy




























    Lincoln Financial Group Jobs




































 






            
                
                    Lincoln Financial Group Jobs
                
            
        












Where

city, state, country


What

job title, keywords











Home

            View All Jobs
            
(362)







Jump to Filters
Jobs


Featured Jobs



Sr. Consultant, Multi-Fund Product Support


Hartford, Connecticut




Analyst, Compliance


Concord, New Hampshire




Sr. Business Innovation Strategist


Greensboro, North Carolina




Sr. Consultant, Multi-Fund Product Support


Fort Wayne, Indiana




Analyst, Compliance


Hartford, Connecticut




Sr. Consultant, Multi-Fund Product Support


Radnor, Pennsylvania




Sr. Consultant, Multi-Fund Product Support


Rolling Meadows, Illinois




Sr. Business Innovation Strategist


Hartford, Connecticut




Analyst, Compliance


Fort Wayne, Indiana




Sr. Business Innovation Strategist


Radnor, Pennsylvania




Sr. Analyst, Service Virtualization


Rolling Meadows, Illinois




Sr. Analyst, Service Virtualization


Philadelphia, Pennsylvania




Benefits Eligibility Service Processor


Atlanta, Georgia




Sr. Analyst, Service Virtualization


Greensboro, North Carolina




Business Operations Manager


Virginia Beach, Virginia





Featured Jobs



Consultant, Product Implementation


Greensboro, North Carolina




AVP, Life & Medical Gap Products


Atlanta, Georgia




Consultant, Product Implementation


Hartford, Connecticut




AVP, Life & Medical Gap Products


Hartford, Connecticut




AVP, Life & Medical Gap Products


Omaha, Nebraska




Consultant,  Financial Analysis (FP&A)


Hartford, Connecticut




Retirement Consultant


Columbia, South Carolina




Specialist, Training - Registered


Atlanta, Georgia




Sr Consultant, Retirement Product Actuary


Radnor, Pennsylvania




Investment Strategy Sr. Consultant


Baltimore, Maryland




Sr Consultant, Retirement Product Actuary


Rolling Meadows, Illinois




Sr Consultant, Retirement Product Actuary


Fort Wayne, Indiana




Consultant,  Financial Analysis (FP&A)


Greensboro, North Carolina




Consultant,  Financial Analysis (FP&A)


Omaha, Nebraska




Business Logistics Administrator II


Fort Wayne, Indiana





More




Share












Return to top

Filter by State
Pennsylvania (69)North Carolina (45)Nebraska (35)Connecticut (32)Georgia (30)Indiana (30)California (23)Illinois (15)New Hampshire (11)New York (9)Florida (8)Ohio (8)Texas (8)Virginia (6)Arizona (5)Maryland (5)Massachusetts (3)New Jersey (3)Tennessee (3)Idaho (2)
MoreLess
Filter by City
Greensboro, NC (40)Radnor, PA (39)Omaha, NE (35)Hartford, CT (32)Atlanta, GA (30)Fort Wayne, IN (29)Philadelphia, PA (26)Concord, NH (11)Rolling Meadows, IL (10)Chicago, IL (5)Dallas, TX (4)Baltimore, MD (3)Boston, MA (3)Cleveland, OH (3)Columbus, OH (3)Fort Lauderdale, FL (3)Houston, TX (3)Los Angeles, CA (3)Phoenix, AZ (3)Pittsburgh, PA (3)
MoreLess
Filter by Title
Analyst, Compliance Advisor (21)Sr. Relationship Manager (20)Relationship Manager (15)Supervision Specialist (14)Test Data Management Engineer (9)Consultant,  Financial Analysis ... (7)Specialist, Business Resilience ... (7)Sr. Analyst, DevOps (7)Actuarial Analyst I (6)AVP, Life & Medical Gap Products (6)External Wholesaler -  Fixed Ann... (6)REMOTE Sr. Underwriter - Individ... (6)Sr. Account Manager, Relationshi... (6)Sr. Analyst, Data & Analytic Pla... (6)Associate Actuary (5)Sr. Life Underwriter - SelectQuo... (5)Actuarial Associate (4)Analyst, Retirement Pricing (4)Bilingual Customer Service Rep (... (4)Director, Case Management (4)
MoreLess






Lincoln Financial Gr...


Career Sites




Lincoln Financial Gr...
Lincoln Financial Gr...
Lincoln Financial Gr...


Social Media




RSS 2.0
Atom
XML
JSON


Job Feeds




About DirectEmployer...
Become a Member
Lincoln Financial Gr...
Member Directory















© 2012 Devon Energy Corporation. All Rights Reserved.


			  		Site Help
			  	


			  		Site Map
			  	


			  		Privacy
			  	


			  		Fraud Hotline
			  	


			  		Legal
			  	


			  		Business Continuity
			  	



Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation and insurance
	company affiliates, including The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort Wayne, IN, 
	and in New York, Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York, Syracuse, NY. Variable products 
	distributed by broker/dealer-affiliate Lincoln Financial Distributors, Inc., Radnor, PA. Securities
	and investment advisory services offered through other affiliates. Explore Lincoln. 
	

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Annuities | MetLife




































 menu Close 





 Home 






Search






 




  




 Contact Us


 LOG IN 
      

 











CLOSE



  





MetLife has become aware of a recent phishing attack against some of our customers. ‘Phishing’ is a fraudulent attempt to obtain an individual’s personal information, often through a misleading email, text or other online communication. Keeping your personal information secure is a top priority of MetLife. That's why we encourage you to take precautions to protect your personal data, and why we do not ask you to verify your personal or account information by email, text message or online. If you suspect you received a phishing email, please forward it to: phish@metlife.com. Delete the email after you forward it, and do not click on any links it contains. If you believe you entered information into a linked website, change your login information immediately. For helpful hints to protect your personal information, visit the following website: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0003-phishing


Policy holders, please log in here:






 For Individuals For Businesses For Brokers 



For Individuals
MetLife's Online Service - Life, Annuities, Disability, Long-Term Care, Critical Illness, Auto, Home, Total Control Account (eSERVICE)
Benefits Through Your Employer (MyBenefits)




For Businesses
MetLink - Access your company's benefits data
MyBenefits - Benefits Through Your Employer
SBR - Manage executive benefits




For Brokers
MetLife's Online Service - Life, Annuities, Disability, Long-Term Care, Critical Illness, Auto, Home, Total Control Account (eSERVICE)
Benefits Through Your Employer (MyBenefits)








 Select an option MetLink MyBenefits SBR 







 Select an option My Benefits Home Check your group disability claim Check Your Group Disability Claim Check Your Dental Claim/Plan Check Your Retirement Income Retirement Education 














Forgot username or password?
Forgot username or password?
Forgot your password?





Not registered?
Create a new account






By signing in, I agree to the

Terms of Use


Go to MyBenefits without signing in



  other account types 
        




  




FOR BUSINESSES







 MetLink 
 MyBenefits 
 SBR 



FOR RETIREES







 Retirement Plan Access 



FOR INVESTORS







 MetLife Securities Client View 
 NetXInvestor 



FOR PROVIDERS







 Dental Professionals Account 





FOR EMPLOYERS







 Group Benefits Administration 
 Employer - Sponsored Savings Plans Administration 
 Annuities Administration 



FOR BROKERS & CONSULTANTS







 MetBroker 
 MetLife Resources Savings & Annuity Programs 
 MetLife Resources Annuity Programs 
 Structured Settlements Broker Resources 





FOR METLIFE SECURITIES INC. REPRESENTATIVES







 Brokerage & Securities Account 





Account questions? Call 1-866-363-8669 Monday to Friday 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET
 Need an account? Register 







 


  

Contact MetLife:
All fields are required














First Name







Last Name







Address







City










 State AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY 




Zip







Email







Phone










 In reference to ... New Product Existing Product/Policy 






 Auto & Home 
 Life Insurance 






Policy/Contract #












SUBMIT 

By clicking Submit, you agree that we* may contact you at the number you've provided, possibly using automated technology or a prerecorded voice, to talk about our products and services. If you don't want to give this permission, you can still get a quote or make a purchase by calling us directly at 1-800-638-5433
*A MetLife company or third party acting on MetLife's behalf.




      Thank you for contacting us.
     

      Someone from MetLife will be reaching shortly to provide you help.
     



      Error!
     

      An error occured while submitting your information.
     



CALL: 1-800-METLIFE



ALL OTHER CONTACT OPTIONS






 INSURANCE INSURANCE









 Auto  
 Dental  
 Disability  
 Home  
 Life  
 Vision  
 Accident & Health  
 
 FOR BUSINESS & BROKERS FOR BUSINESS & BROKERS









 Benefits for Employees  
 Small Business  
 Institutional Retirement  
 Broker Information  
 Institutional Investments  
 
 ABOUT US ABOUT US









 Navigating Life Together  
 Corporate Responsibility  
 Investor Relations  
 Diversity & Inclusion  
 MetLife Foundation  
 Careers  
 Insights  
 Newsroom  
 
 SUPPORT & MANAGE SUPPORT & MANAGE









 Contact Us  
 File a Claim  
 Find a Dentist  
 Find a Vision Provider  
 Forms Library  
 













 Home 
 Support and Manage 
 Current Customers 
Annuity Contract Holders








Annuity Contract Holders
Find out how recent changes at MetLife may affect your annuity contract(s).











MetLife is making some important changes to the way we do business.
We intend to separate a portion of our individual life insurance and annuity business, establishing a company called Brighthouse Financial. While we no longer sell individual annuities, we’re committed to providing current customers with world-class service and support.  
Call us at 1-800-638-7732 and we’ll be happy to help answer any questions you have.  
 




Log in to your account
 View prospectuses and performance reports here 











         Frequently Asked Questions
        

Expand All
Collapse All





Will my annuity remain with MetLife or will it be transitioned to Brighthouse Financial?








If you have an annuity contract that was issued by one of these companies, your annuity has been transitioned to Brighthouse Financial1:

First MetLife Investors Insurance Company (to be renamed Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY)   
MetLife Insurance Company USA (to be renamed Brighthouse Life Insurance Company)  
New England Life Insurance Company 

 
You should receive a letter in the mail explaining the move.
If you have an annuity contract that was issued by one of these companies, your annuity will remain with MetLife:        

General American Life Insurance Company   
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company   
Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company





How do I know which company issued my annuity?








The issuing company for your contract can generally be found on the front page of your contract.




Who can I contact for more information?








You can contact your financial professional with any questions, or reach MetLife at the numbers below:

For General Inquiries: 1-800-638-5433
Individual Annuities: 1-800-638-7732





Can I still purchase a MetLife annuity? How do I purchase a Brighthouse Financial product?








MetLife will generally no longer write new annuity business after March 3, 2017. If you would like to purchase a life or annuity product, you may reach out to your Financial Professional to learn more. You can also learn more about Brighthouse Financial on their website.




What if I want to cancel, or make other changes to my contract?








You may continue to do so, as provided for in your contract. The terms and conditions of your contract have not changed. Ask your financial professional or call 1-800-638-5433 for details.











Blog
  

5 Questions to Ask Before You Retire

A benefits package that fits your vision of retirement is an important part of your financial future.




Blog
  

Simple Answers to Your Money Questions

Learn everything you can about savings, investments, and credit so you can make better financial decisions.





Need Something Else?
Log in to your account
Find a form
View prospectuses and performance reports










1 Brighthouse annuities and life insurance are issued by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, Charlotte, NC 28277 and in New York, only by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY, New York, NY 10017 and not MetLife. MetLife, a registered service mark of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, is used under license to Brighthouse Services, LLC and its affiliates.







 About MetLife

 Careers 
 Investor Relations 
 MetLife Foundation 
 Press Room 
 The MetLife Blog 
 
 What's Right for You

 Brokers 
 Businesses/HR Professionals 
 Investments 
 Institutional Retirement 
 Expatriates 
 
 Support

 Forms Library 
 Change Address 
 Healthcare Reform 
 Unclaimed Policy Finder 
 File a Claim 
 
 Contact Us

 Find a Dentist 
 Find a Vision Provider 
 Unsubscribe/Opt Out 
 Domestic Abuse Confidentiality 
 
 My Account

 Login Options 
 Register 
 
 

 





         Country 
       



USA








         Americas
         
 

         USA
         
 

         Argentina
         
 

         Brasil
         
 

         Chile
         
 

         Chile Provida
         
 

         Colombia
         
 

         Mexico
         
 

         Uruguay
         


         Asia
         
 

         Australia
         
 

         Bangladesh
         
 

         China
         
 

         Hong Kong
         
 

         India
         
 

         Japan
         
 

         Korea
         
 

         Malaysia
         
 

         Nepal
         
 

         Vietnam
         


         Europe
         
 

         Bulgaria
         
 

         Cyprus
         
 

         Czech Republic
         
 

         France
         
 

         Greece
         
 

         Hungary
         
 

         Ireland
         
 

         Italy
         
 

         Poland
         
 

         Portugal
         
 

         Romania
         
 

         Russia
         
 

         Slovakia
         
 

         Spain
         
 

         Turkey
         
 

         Ukraine
         
 

         United Kingdom
         


         Middle East and Africa
         
 

         Bahrain
         
 

         Egypt
         
 

         Jordan
         
 

         Kuwait
         
 

         Lebanon
         
 

         Oman
         
 

         United Arab Emirates
         




MetLife Worldwide







Follow us



 



 



 



 





  
CALL: 1-800-METLIFE



Privacy Policy

Legal Notices

Feedback


© 2017 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, New York, NY 10166 - All Rights Reserved.
L0317491412[exp0319] 
 























SEC Info - Hartford Life Insurance Co Separate Account Two DC Var Ac II, et al. - ‘485BPOS’ on 4/12/00










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Hartford Life Insurance Co Separate Account Two DC Var Ac II, et al. – ‘485BPOS’ on 4/12/00On:  Wednesday, 4/12/00, at 3:17pm ET   ·   Effective:  4/12/00   ·   Accession #:  912057-0-17591   ·   File #s:  33-19949, 811-07295, 811-03072-01   ·   Correction:  This Filing’s “Filed as of” Date was Corrected and “Changed as of” 6/5/00 by the SEC on 4/9/04. ®
Previous ‘485BPOS’:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/14/99   ·   Next:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/12/00   ·   Latest:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/28/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 4/12/00  Hartford Life Ins Co Sep Acct..II 485BPOS®    4/12/00    5:355K                                   Merrill Corp/FA
          Hartford Life Insurance Co Separate Account Two DC Var Ac IIF-->Post-Effective AmendmentFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 485BPOS     Post-Effective Amendment                             112    609K 
 2: EX-9        Voting Trust Agreement                                 2      9K 
 3: EX-10       Material Contract                                      1      6K 
 4: EX-15       Letter re: Unaudited Interim Financial Information     1     10K 
 5: EX-16       Letter re: Change in Certifying Accountant             3     33K 

D-->485BPOS   —   Post-Effective AmendmentDocument Table of Contents
Page (sequential) | (alphabetic) Top A-->
Alternative Formats (Word, et al.)
Accumulation Unit Values
Additional Separate Accounts Offered Under the Contracts
A. General
Annual Maintenance Fee
Annuity Payment Options
Appendix
Are there any material legal proceedings affecting the Separate Accounts?
Are you relying on any experts as to any portion of this Prospectus?
B. Hartford and DC-I and DC-II
Calculation of Yield and Return
Calvert
Can a Contract be modified?
Can a Contract be suspended by a Contract Owner?
Can Hartford waive any rights under a Contract?
Can payment of the Surrender value ever be postponed beyond the seven-day period?
Charges of the Funds
C. Information Regarding Tax-Qualified Retirement Plans
Code
Contract Charges
Contract Rights and Privileges and Assignments
Contracts Offered, The
Contracts, The
Dc-I
Dc-Ii
D. Diversification of the Separate Account
Death before the Annuity Commencement Date
Death Benefits
Death on or after the Annuity Commencement Date
Description of Hartford Life Insurance Company
Determination of the Beneficiary
Directors and Officers of the Depositor
Distribution of Contracts
Dollar Cost Averaging
Experience Rating under the Contracts
F. Contracts Owned by Non-Natural Persons
Federal Tax Considerations
Fee Table
Financial Statements and Exhibits
Funds, The
G. Annuity Purchases by Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Corporations
General Account Option
Glossary of Special Terms
Hartford Advisers HLS
Hartford International Opportunities HLS Fund
Hartford Life Insurance Company
Hartford Money Market HLS Fund
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS Fund
Hartford Stock HLS Fund
HIG Employer Sponsored IRA
How are Contributions made to establish an Annuity Account?
How are the Contracts sold?
How are the underlying Fund shares valued?
How are Variable Annuity payments determined?
How do I elect an Annuity Commencement Date and Annuity payment option?
How do I know what my Participant Account is worth?
How may I get additional information?
Indemnification
Independent Public Accountants
Is there ever a time when the Sales Charge does not apply?
Location of Accounts and Records
Management Services
May I make changes in the amounts of my Contribution?
May I Surrender once Annuity Payments have started?
May I transfer assets between Sub-Accounts?
Mixed and Shared Funding
More Information
Mortality, Expense Risk and Administrative Charge
Negotiated Charges and Fees
Number of Contract Owners
Performance Comparisons
Performance Related Information
Persons Controlled By or Under Common Control with the Depositor or Registrant
Plan
Plan Related Expenses
Premium Taxes
Pricing and Crediting of Contributions
Principal Underwriters
Purchase of a Contract
Safekeeping of Assets
Sales Charge
Separate Account
Separate Accounts, The
Settlement Provisions
Summary
Table of Contents
Table of Contents for Statement of Additional Information
Termination Value
The Contracts
The Contracts Offered
The Funds
The Separate Accounts
Undertakings
What are Annuity Rights?
What is the minimum amount that I may select for an Annuity payment?
Who is the custodian of the Separate Accounts' assets?
S-->
11st Page   -   Filing Submission
"Hartford Life Insurance Company
5Table of Contents
6Glossary of Special Terms
"Annual Maintenance Fee
"Code
"Dc-Ii
7Plan
"Termination Value
8Fee Table
10Hartford Advisers HLS
11Summary
"Mortality, Expense Risk and Administrative Charge
"Separate Account
13Accumulation Unit Values
"Dc-I
14Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS
17Performance Related Information
18The Separate Accounts
"The Funds
19Hartford International Opportunities HLS Fund
"Hartford Money Market HLS Fund
20Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS Fund
"Hartford Stock HLS Fund
"Mixed and Shared Funding
21General Account Option
"Additional Separate Accounts Offered Under the Contracts
22Contract Charges
"Sales Charge
23Is there ever a time when the Sales Charge does not apply?
24HIG Employer Sponsored IRA
"Premium Taxes
"Experience Rating under the Contracts
"Negotiated Charges and Fees
"Charges of the Funds
25Plan Related Expenses
"The Contracts
"The Contracts Offered
"Purchase of a Contract
"Contract Rights and Privileges and Assignments
"Pricing and Crediting of Contributions
"May I make changes in the amounts of my Contribution?
26May I transfer assets between Sub-Accounts?
"Dollar Cost Averaging
27How do I know what my Participant Account is worth?
"How are the underlying Fund shares valued?
28Death Benefits
"Determination of the Beneficiary
"Death before the Annuity Commencement Date
"Death on or after the Annuity Commencement Date
"Settlement Provisions
29Can payment of the Surrender value ever be postponed beyond the seven-day period?
"May I Surrender once Annuity Payments have started?
"What are Annuity Rights?
"How do I elect an Annuity Commencement Date and Annuity payment option?
30What is the minimum amount that I may select for an Annuity payment?
"How are Contributions made to establish an Annuity Account?
"Can a Contract be suspended by a Contract Owner?
"Annuity Payment Options
31How are Variable Annuity payments determined?
32Federal Tax Considerations
"A. General
"B. Hartford and DC-I and DC-II
33C. Information Regarding Tax-Qualified Retirement Plans
36D. Diversification of the Separate Account
37F. Contracts Owned by Non-Natural Persons
"G. Annuity Purchases by Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Corporations
38More Information
"Can a Contract be modified?
"Can Hartford waive any rights under a Contract?
"How are the Contracts sold?
39Who is the custodian of the Separate Accounts' assets?
"Are there any material legal proceedings affecting the Separate Accounts?
"Are you relying on any experts as to any portion of this Prospectus?
"How may I get additional information?
40Appendix
43Table of Contents for Statement of Additional Information
49Description of Hartford Life Insurance Company
"Safekeeping of Assets
"Independent Public Accountants
"Distribution of Contracts
50Calculation of Yield and Return
57Performance Comparisons
61Calvert
103Item 24. Financial Statements and Exhibits
104Item 25. Directors and Officers of the Depositor
105Item 26. Persons Controlled By or Under Common Control with the Depositor or Registrant
"Item 27. Number of Contract Owners
"Item 28. Indemnification
108Item 29. Principal Underwriters
109Item 30. Location of Accounts and Records
"Item 31. Management Services
"Item 32. Undertakings
P-->485BPOS1st Page of 112TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
   As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2000.
                                                             File No. 33-19949
811-2627
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM N-4
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933                         

        Pre-Effective Amendment No.                                        [ ]
 -------
        Post-Effective Amendment No.  14                                   [X]
 -------

REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940                 

        Amendment No. 150                                                  [X]

 HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
 DC VARIABLE ACCOUNT-I
 and
 HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO
(Exact Name of Registrant)

 HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
 (Name of Depositor)

P. O. BOX 2999
 HARTFORD, CT 06104-2999
(Address of Depositor's Principal Offices)

(860) 843-6733
 (Depositor's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

MARIANNE O'DOHERTY, ESQ.
 HARTFORD LIFE, INC.
P. O. BOX 2999
 HARTFORD, CT 06104-2999
 (Name and Address of Agent for Service)

It is proposed that this filing will become effective:                        

_____  immediately upon filing pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485
__X__  on May 1, 2000 pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485         
_____  60 days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 485
_____  on _________ pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 485        
_____  this post-effective amendment designates a new effective date
for a previously filed post-effective amendment.      

PURSUANT TO RULE 24F-2(a)(1) UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, THE      
REGISTRANT HAS REGISTERED AN INDEFINITE AMOUNT OF SECURITIES.                   

P-->485BPOS2nd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
 CROSS REFERENCE SHEET
 PURSUANT TO RULE 495(a)

                                                                [Download Table]

             N-4 Item No.                               Prospectus Heading          
             ------------                               ------------------          
                                      (PART A)                                      

                                                                                    
 1.  Cover Page                                 Cover Page                          

 2.  Definitions                                Glossary of Special Terms           

 3.  Synopsis or Highlights                     Summary                             

 4.  Condensed Financial Information            Accumulation Unit Values            

 5.  General Description of Registrant,         The Separate Accounts; Hartford Life
     Depositor, and Portfolio Companies         Insurance Company and The Funds     

 6.  Deductions                                 Contract Charges                    

 7.  General Description of Variable Contracts  Death Benefits and Settlement       
                                                Provisions                          

 8.  Annuity Period                             Settlement Provisions               

 9.  Death Benefit                              Death Benefits                      

10.  Purchases and Contract Value               The Contracts                       

11.  Redemptions                                Settlement Provisions               

12.  Taxes                                      Federal Tax Considerations          

13.  Legal Proceedings                          More Information -- Are there any   
                                                material legal proceedings          
                                                affecting the Separate Accounts?    

14.  Table of Contents of the Statement         Table of Contents of the Statement  
     of Additional Information                  of Additional Information           

                                    (PART B)                                        

15. Cover Page                                  Cover Page                          

16.  Table of Contents Table of Contents                   

P-->485BPOS3rd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
17.  General Information and History            Introduction                        

18.  Services                                   None                                

19.  Purchase of Securities                     Distribution of Contracts           
     being Offered                                                                  

20.  Underwriters                               Distribution of Contracts           

21.  Calculation of Performance Data            Calculation of Yield and Return     

22.  Annuity Payments                           Annuity Benefits                    

23.  Financial Statements                       Financial Statements                

                                    (PART C)                                        

24.  Financial Statements and                   Financial Statements and            
     Exhibits                                   Exhibits                            

25.  Directors and Officers of the              Directors and Officers of the       
     Depositor                                  Depositor                           

26.  Persons Controlled by or Under             Persons Controlled by or Under      
     Common Control with the Depositor          Common Control with the Depositor   
     or Registrant                              or Registrant                       

27.  Number of Contract Owners                  Number of Contract Owners           

28.  Indemnification                            Indemnification                     

29.  Principal Underwriters                     Principal Underwriters              

30.  Location of Accounts and Records           Location of Accounts and Records    

31.  Management Services                        Management Services                 

32.  Undertakings                               Undertakings                        

P-->485BPOS4th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 4th
HARTFORD 
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
GROUP VARIABLE ANNUITY CONTRACTS                                      
[LOGO]                                                                        
ISSUED BY HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                             
WITH RESPECT TO DC-I AND DC-II                                        

    This Prospectus sets forth information you should know before you purchase
or become a Participant under the group variable annuity contract (the        
"Contract" or "Contracts"). Please read it carefully.                         

 Hartford Life Insurance Company issues the Contracts in connection with
Deferred Compensation Plans of tax-exempt and governmental employers. We can  
also issue the Contracts in connection with certain Qualified Plans of        
employers (generally tax-exempt and non-tax-exempt).                          

We hold Contributions to Contracts issued in connection with Deferred 
Compensation Plans in a Separate Account known as Hartford Life Insurance     
Company DC Variable Account - I ("DC-I") during the period before annuity     
payments start. When annuity payments start, Contract values are held in our  
Separate Account that is known as Hartford Life Insurance Company Separate    
Account Two ("DC-II"). The Contracts may also contain additional separate     
accounts not described in this Prospectus. These additional separate accounts 
are not required to be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

For Contracts issued in connection with Qualified Plans, we hold      
Contributions in DC-II during the period before annuity payments start and    
during the period after annuity payments start.                               

   The Contracts may contain a General Account option or a different General
Account contract may be issued in conjunction with the Contracts. The General 
Account option or contract may contain restrictions. The General Account      
option or contract and these restrictions are not described in this           
Prospectus. The General Account option or contract is not required to be      
registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission.                       

We allocate the Contributions to the "Sub-Accounts" as directed by the
Contract Owner or Participant, as applicable. Sub-Accounts are divisions of a 
Separate Account. The following Sub-Accounts are available under the          
Contracts. Also listed is the name of the underlying Fund for each            
Sub-Account.                                                                  

   - Hartford Advisers HLS Sub-Account which purchases shares of Class IA of
Hartford Advisers HLS Fund, Inc.                                  

- Hartford Bond HLS Sub-Account which purchases shares of Class IA of 
Hartford Bond HLS Fund, Inc.                                      

    - Calvert Social Balanced Sub-Account which purchases shares of the Social
Balanced Portfolio of Calvert Variable Series, Inc. ("Calvert")   

   - Hartford Capital Appreciation HLS Sub-Account which purchases shares of
Class IA of Hartford Capital Appreciation HLS Fund, Inc.          

  - Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS Sub-Account which purchases shares of
Class IA of Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS Fund, Inc.           

- Hartford Index HLS Sub-Account which purchases shares of Class IA of
Hartford Index HLS Fund, Inc.                                     

- Hartford International Opportunities HLS Sub-Account which purchases
shares of Class IA of Hartford International Opportunities HLS    
Fund, Inc.                                                        

- Hartford Money Market HLS Sub-Account which purchases shares of     
Class IA of Hartford Money Market HLS Fund, Inc.                  

  - Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS Sub-Account which purchases shares of
Class IA of Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS Fund, Inc.           

- Hartford Stock HLS Sub-Account which purchases shares of Class IA of
Hartford Stock HLS Fund, Inc.                                     

    If you decide to become a Contract Owner or a Participant, you should keep
this Prospectus for your records. You can also call us at 1-800-528-9009 to   
get a Statement of Additional Information, free of charge. The Statement of   
Additional Information contains more information about the Contract and, like 
this Prospectus, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have
included a Table of Contents for the Statement of Additional Information at   
the end of this Prospectus.                                                   

    The Commission doesn't approve or disapprove these securities or determine
if the information is truthful or complete. Anyone who represents that the    
Securities and Exchange Commission does these things may be guilty of a       
criminal offense.                                                             

 This Prospectus and the Statement of Additional Information can also be
obtained from the Securities and Exchange Commission's website                
(HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV).                                                         

This group variable annuity contract IS NOT:                          

-  A bank deposit or obligation                                               

-  Federally insured                                                          

-  Endorsed by any bank or governmental agency                                
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Prospectus Dated: May 1, 2000                                                 

Statement of Additional Information Dated: May 1, 2000                        

P-->485BPOS5th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 5th
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

                                                                [Download Table]

SECTION                                                                   PAGE
-------                                                                   ----

GLOSSARY OF SPECIAL TERMS...............................................    3 
FEE TABLE...............................................................    5 
SUMMARY.................................................................    8 
ACCUMULATION UNIT VALUES................................................   10 
PERFORMANCE RELATED INFORMATION.........................................   14 
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY.........................................   14 
THE SEPARATE ACCOUNTS...................................................   15 
THE FUNDS...............................................................   15 
GENERAL ACCOUNT OPTION..................................................   18 
ADDITIONAL SEPARATE ACCOUNTS OFFERED UNDER THE CONTRACTS................   18 
CONTRACT CHARGES........................................................   19 
Sales Charge..........................................................   19 
  Is there ever a time when the Sales Charge does not apply?............   20 
  Mortality, Expense Risk and Administrative Charge.....................   20 
  HIG Employer Sponsored IRA............................................   21 
  Annual Maintenance Fee................................................   21 
  Premium Taxes.........................................................   21 
  Experience Rating under the Contracts.................................   21 
  Negotiated Charges & Fees.............................................   21 
  Charges of the Funds..................................................   21 
  Plan Related Expenses.................................................   22 
THE CONTRACTS...........................................................   22 
The Contracts Offered.................................................   22 
  Purchase of a Contract................................................   22 
  Contract Rights and Privileges and Assignments........................   22 
  Pricing and Crediting of Contributions................................   22 
  May I make changes in the amounts of my Contribution?.................   22 
  May I transfer assets between the Sub-Accounts?.......................   23 
  Dollar Cost Averaging.................................................   23 
  How do I know what my Participant Account is worth?...................   24 
  How are the underlying Fund shares valued?............................   24 
DEATH BENEFITS..........................................................   25 
Determination of the Beneficiary......................................   25 
  Death before the Annuity Commencement Date............................   25 
  Death on or after the Annuity Commencement Date.......................   25 
SETTLEMENT PROVISIONS...................................................   25 
Can payment of the Surrender value ever be postponed beyond the
seven-day period?....................................................   26 
  May I Surrender once Annuity Payments have started?...................   26 
  What are Annuity Rights?..............................................   26 
  How do I elect an Annuity Commencement Date and Annuity payment
option?..............................................................   26 
  What is the minimum amount that I may select for an Annuity
payment?.............................................................   27 
  How are Contributions made to establish an Annuity Account?...........   27 
  Can a Contract be suspended by a Contract Owner?......................   27 
  Annuity Payment Options...............................................   27 
  How are Variable Annuity payments determined?.........................   28 
FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS..............................................   29 
A. General............................................................   29 
  B. Hartford and DC-I and DC-II........................................   29 
  C. Information Regarding Tax-Qualified Retirement Plans...............   30 
  D. Diversification of the Separate Account............................   33 
  E. Ownership of the Assets of the Separate Account....................   34 
  F. Contracts Owned by Non-Natural Persons.............................   34 
  G. Annuity Purchases by Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Corporations...   34 
MORE INFORMATION........................................................   35 
Can a Contract be modified?...........................................   35 
  Can Hartford waive any rights under a Contract?.......................   35 
  How are the Contracts sold?...........................................   35 
  Who is the custodian of the Separate Accounts' assets?................   36 
  Are there any material legal proceedings affecting the Separate
Accounts?............................................................   36 
  Are you relying on any experts as to any portion of this
Prospectus?..........................................................   36 
  How may I get additional information?.................................   36 
APPENDIX -- ACCUMULATION PERIOD UNDER PRIOR GROUP CONTRACTS.............      
TABLE OF CONTENTS FOR STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION...............      

2 

P-->485BPOS6th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 6th
GLOSSARY OF SPECIAL TERMS 

ACCUMULATION PERIOD: The period before the start of Annuity payments.           

ACCUMULATION UNIT: A unit of measure used to calculate Separate Account values  
before we begin to make Annuity payments to you.                                

ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE: Located at 200 Hopmeadow Street, Simsbury, CT 06089. The 
mailing address for correspondence concerning this Contract is P.O. Box 1583,   
Hartford, CT 06144-1583, except for overnight or express mail packages, which   
should be sent to: Attention: IPD/Retirement Plan Solutions, 200 Hopmeadow      
Street, Simsbury, CT 06089.                                                     

ANNUAL MAINTENANCE FEE: An annual charge for establishing and maintaining a     
Participant Account.                                                            

ANNUITANT: The person on whose life Annuity payments are based.                 

ANNUITANT'S ACCOUNT: An account established at the beginning of the Annuity     
Period for making Annuity payments under the Contracts.                         

ANNUITY: A series of payments for life or another designated period.            

ANNUITY COMMENCEMENT DATE: The date we start to make Annuity payments to you.   

ANNUITY PERIOD: The period during which we make Annuity payments to you.        

ANNUITY UNIT: A unit of measure in the Separate Account used to calculate the   
value of Variable Annuity payments we make to you.                              

BENEFICIARY: The person or persons designated to receive Contract values in the 
event of the Participant's or Annuitant's death.                                

CODE: The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.                            

COMMISSION: Securities and Exchange Commission.                                 

CONTRACT OWNER: The Employer or entity owning the Contract.                     

CONTRACT YEAR: A period of 12 months beginning with the effective date of the   
Contract or with any anniversary of the effective date.                         

CONTRIBUTION(S): The amount(s) paid or transferred to us by the Contract Owner  
on behalf of Participants pursuant to the terms of the Contracts.               

DATE OF COVERAGE: The date on which we receive the application on behalf of a   
Participant.                                                                    

DC VARIABLE ACCOUNT I OR DC-I: Our Separate Account, Hartford Life Insurance    
Company DC Variable Account-I.                                                  

DC-II: Our Separate Account, Hartford Life Insurance Company Separate Account   
Two.                                                                            

DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN: A plan established and maintained in accordance with
the provisions of section 457 of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder.

EMPLOYER: A governmental or tax-exempt employer maintaining a Deferred          
Compensation Plan for its employees or an employer sponsoring a Qualified Plan  
for its employees.                                                              

FIXED ANNUITY: An Annuity providing for guaranteed payments which remain fixed  
in amount throughout the payment period and which do not vary with the          
investment experience of a separate account.                                    

GENERAL ACCOUNT: Our General Account that consists of all of our company assets 
other than those allocated to our separate accounts.                            

HARTFORD, WE OR US: Hartford Life Insurance Company.                            

MINIMUM DEATH BENEFIT: The minimum amount payable upon the death of a           
Participant prior to age 65 and before Annuity payments have started.           

PARTICIPANT: A term used to describe, for record keeping purposes, any employee 
or other eligible person electing to participate in the Deferred Compensation   
Plan or Qualified Plan of the Employer/Contract Owner.                          

3 

P-->485BPOS7th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 7th
PARTICIPANT ACCOUNT: An account to which the General Account values and the     
Separate Account Accumulation Units held by the Contract Owner on behalf of     
Participant under the Contract are allocated.                                   

PARTICIPANT'S CONTRACT YEAR: A period of twelve (12) months beginning with the  
Date of Coverage of a Participant and each successive 12-month period.          

PLAN: The Deferred Compensation Plan or Qualified Plan of an Employer.          

PREMIUM TAX: A tax charged by a state or municipality on premiums, purchase     
payments or Contract values.                                                    

QUALIFIED PLAN: A retirement plan of an Employer that qualifies for special tax 
treatment under section 401, 403 or 408 of the Code.                            

SURRENDER: Any partial or complete withdrawal of Contract values.               

TERMINATION VALUE: The value of a Participant's Account on any Valuation Day    
before the Annuity Commencement Date less any applicable Premium Taxes not      
already deducted and any applicable contingent deferred sales charges.          

VALUATION DAY: Every day the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading. The   
value of the Separate Account is determined at the close of the New York Stock  
Exchange (generally 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time).                                    

VALUATION PERIOD: The period between the close of business on successive        
Valuation Days.                                                                 

VARIABLE ANNUITY: An Annuity providing for payments varying in amount in        
accordance with the investment experience of the assets held in the underlying  
securities of the Separate Account.                                             

4 

P-->485BPOS8th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 8th
FEE TABLE 
Contract Owner Transaction Expenses 

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                            
Sales Load Imposed on Purchases (as a percentage of premium                 
  payments).......................................................     None 
Transfer Fee......................................................  $     0 
Contingent Deferred Sales Charge (as a percentage of amounts                
  Surrendered) (1)                                                          
Contracts under which variable account Contributions are held               
  under Separate Account DC-I during the Accumulation Period:               
    First through Sixth Year......................................        5%
    Seventh through Eighth Year...................................        4%
    Ninth through Tenth Year......................................        3%
    Eleventh through Twelfth Year.................................        2%
    Thirteenth Year and thereafter................................        0%
Contracts under which variable account Contributions are held               
  under Separate Account DC-II during the Accumulation Period:              
    First through Eighth Year.....................................        5%
    Ninth through Fifteenth Year..................................        3%
    Sixteenth Year and thereafter.................................        0%
Annual Maintenance Fee (DC-I).....................................  $     0 
Annual Maintenance Fee (DC-II) (2)................................  $ 25.00 
Separate Account Annual Expenses (as a percentage of average daily          
  Sub-Account value)                                                        
    Mortality, Expense Risk and Administrative Charge (DC-I) (3)            
     (.50% mortality, .15% expense risk, and .25%                           
     administrative)..............................................    0.900%
    Mortality, Expense Risk and Administrative Charge (DC-II)               
     (.85% mortality, .15% expense risk, and .25%                           
     administrative)..............................................    1.250%

---------                                                                       

We may eliminate or change the Transfer Fee, Contingent Deferred Sales  
Charge, Mortality, Expense Risk and Administrative Charge, and the Annual       
Maintenance Fee. See "Experience Rating under the Contracts" and "Negotiated
Charges and Fees". We may also deduct a charge for Premium Taxes at the time of 
Surrender.                                                                      

We have issued a Contract supported by DC-II to Hartford Fire Insurance 
Company (a parent of Hartford) for the Hartford Insurance Group Employer        
Sponsored Individual Retirement Account ("HIG IRA"). We make no deductions from 
the HIG IRA Contract for mortality and expense risk charges; however we deduct  
0.15% from the average daily Sub-Account value of the HIG IRA Contract for      
certain administrative undertakings. (See "HIG Employer Sponsored IRA").        

(1) Each Participant Account has its own Contingent Deferred Sales Charge       
   schedule. The amount of the Contingent Deferred Sales Charge depends on the
number of Participant's Contract Years completed with respect to the    
Participant's Account before the Surrender. See "Contract Charges".     

(2) The Annual Maintenance Fee is a single $25 charge on a Participant Account. 
    It is deducted proportionally from the investment options in use at the time
of the charge.                                                          

(3) The Mortality, Expense Risk and Administrative charge under Separate Account
  DC-I is 0.75% of the average daily Sub-Account values in DC-I for contract
values under eligible Contracts that exceed $50 million.                

   The purpose of the Fee Table and Examples is to assist you in understanding
various costs and expenses that you will pay directly or indirectly. The Fee    
Table and Examples reflect expenses of the Separate Accounts and underlying     
Funds. We deduct Premium Taxes that apply.                                      

The Examples should not be considered a representation of past or future
expenses and actual expenses may be greater or less than those shown. The Annual
Maintenance Fee has been reflected in the Examples for DC-II by a method        
intended to show the "average" impact of the Annual Maintenance Fee on an       
investment in the Separate Account. We do this by approximating an "average"    
0.10% annual charge.                                                            

5 

P-->485BPOS9th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 9th
Annual Fund Operating Expenses
As of the Fund's Year End 
(As a percentage of net assets) 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                   TOTAL FUND   
                                                                                    OPERATING   
                                                                                    EXPENSES    
                                                 MANAGEMENT FEES OTHER EXPENSES  (INCLUDING ANY 
                                                 (INCLUDING ANY  (INCLUDING ANY  WAIVERS AND ANY
                                                    WAIVERS)     REIMBURSEMENTS) REIMBURSEMENTS)
                                                 --------------- --------------- ---------------
                                                                                                
Calvert Social Balanced Portfolio (1)...........       0.70%            0.19%           0.89%   
Hartford Advisers HLS Fund......................       0.63%            0.02%           0.65%   
Hartford Bond HLS Fund..........................       0.49%            0.03%           0.52%   
Hartford Capital Appreciation HLS Fund..........       0.64%            0.02%           0.66%   
Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS Fund...........       0.65%            0.03%           0.68%   
Hartford Index HLS Fund.........................       0.40%            0.03%           0.43%   
Hartford International Opportunities HLS Fund...       0.69%            0.09%           0.78%   
Hartford Money Market HLS Fund..................       0.45%            0.02%           0.47%   
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS Fund...........       0.45%            0.03%           0.48%   
Hartford Stock HLS Fund.........................       0.46%            0.02%           0.48%   

---------                                                                       

(1) "Other Expenses" reflect an indirect fee. Total Fund Operating Expenses     
after reductions for fees paid indirectly would be 0.86%.               

6 

P-->485BPOS10th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 10th
EXAMPLE DC-I (0.90% MORTALITY, EXPENSE RISK AND ADMINISTRATIVE CHARGE)          

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                               
                          If you surrender your        If you annuitize your                                   
                          Contract at the end of the   Contract at the end of the   If you do not surrender    
                          applicable time period, you  applicable time period, you  your Contract, you would   
                          would pay the following      would pay the following      pay the following expenses 
                          expenses on a $1,000         expenses on a $1,000         on a $1,000 investment,    
                          investment, assuming a 5%    investment, assuming a 5%    assuming a 5% annual return
                          annual return on assets:     annual return on the         on assets:                 
                                                       assets:                                                 

                          1 YR. 3 YRS. 5 YRS. 10 YRS.  1 YR. 3 YRS. 5 YRS. 10 YRS.  1 YR. 3 YRS. 5 YRS. 10 YRS.
SUB-ACCOUNT               ----- ------ ------ -------  ----- ------ ------ -------  ----- ------ ------ -------
Calvert Social Balanced.  $  70 $  112 $  156 $   253  $  18 $   57 $   98 $   212  $  18 $   57 $   98 $   212

Hartford Advisers HLS....  $68   $105   $144   $228     $16   $49    $ 85   $186     $16   $49    $ 85   $186  
Hartford Bond HLS........  $66   $101   $138   $214     $15   $45    $ 78   $171     $15   $45    $ 78   $171  
Hartford Capital                                                                                               
  Appreciation HLS.......  $68   $105   $145   $229     $16   $50    $ 86   $187     $16   $50    $ 86   $187  
Hartford Dividend and                                                                                          
  Growth HLS.............  $68   $105   $146   $231     $16   $50    $ 87   $189     $16   $50    $ 87   $189  
Hartford Index HLS.......  $65   $ 98   $133   $204     $14   $42    $ 73   $161     $14   $42    $ 73   $161  
Hartford International                                                                                         
  Opportunities HLS......  $69   $108   $151   $241     $17   $53    $ 92   $200     $17   $53    $ 92   $200  
Hartford Money Market                                                                                          
  HLS....................  $66   $ 99   $135   $208     $14   $44    $ 75   $165     $14   $44    $ 75   $165  
Hartford Mortgage
Securities HLS.........  $66   $100   $136   $209     $14   $44    $ 76   $167     $14   $44    $ 76   $167  
Hartford Stock HLS.......  $66   $100   $136   $209     $14   $44    $ 76   $167     $14   $44    $ 76   $167  

EXAMPLE DC-I (0.75% MORTALITY, EXPENSE RISK AND ADMINISTRATIVE CHARGE)          

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                               
                          If you surrender your        If you annuitize your                                   
                          Contract at the end of the   Contract at the end of the   If you do not surrender    
                          applicable time period, you  applicable time period, you  your Contract, you would   
                          would pay the following      would pay the following      pay the following expenses 
                          expenses on a $1,000         expenses on a $1,000         on a $1,000 investment,    
                          investment, assuming a 5%    investment, assuming a 5%    assuming a 5% annual return
                          annual return on assets:     annual return on the         on assets:                 
                                                       assets:                                                 

                          1 YR. 3 YRS. 5 YRS. 10 YRS.  1 YR. 3 YRS. 5 YRS. 10 YRS.  1 YR. 3 YRS. 5 YRS. 10 YRS.
SUB-ACCOUNT               ----- ------ ------ -------  ----- ------ ------ -------  ----- ------ ------ -------
Calvert Social Balanced.  $  68 $  107 $  149 $   237  $  17 $   52 $   90 $   196  $  17 $   52 $   90 $   196

Hartford Advisers HLS....  $66   $100   $137   $211     $14   $45    $ 77   $169     $14   $45    $ 77   $169  
Hartford Bond HLS........  $65   $ 96   $130   $197     $13   $41    $ 70   $154     $13   $41    $ 70   $154  
Hartford Capital                                                                                               
  Appreciation HLS.......  $66   $100   $137   $213     $14   $45    $ 78   $170     $14   $45    $ 78   $170  
Hartford Dividend and                                                                                          
  Growth HLS.............  $66   $101   $138   $215     $15   $46    $ 79   $172     $15   $46    $ 79   $172  
Hartford Index HLS.......  $64   $ 94   $125   $187     $12   $38    $ 65   $144     $12   $38    $ 65   $144  
Hartford International                                                                                         
  Opportunities HLS......  $67   $104   $143   $225     $16   $49    $ 84   $183     $16   $49    $ 84   $183  
Hartford Money Market                                                                                          
  HLS....................  $64   $ 95   $127   $192     $13   $39    $ 67   $148     $13   $39    $ 67   $148  
Hartford Mortgage
Securities HLS.........  $64   $ 95   $128   $193     $13   $39    $ 68   $150     $13   $39    $ 68   $150  
Hartford Stock HLS.......  $64   $ 95   $128   $193     $13   $39    $ 68   $150     $13   $39    $ 68   $150  

EXAMPLE DC-II (1.25% MORTALITY, EXPENSE RISK AND ADMINISTRATIVE CHARGE)         

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                               
                          If you surrender your        If you annuitize your                                   
                          Contract at the end of the   Contract at the end of the   If you do not surrender    
                          applicable time period, you  applicable time period, you  your Contract, you would   
                          would pay the following      would pay the following      pay the following expenses 
                          expenses on a $1,000         expenses on a $1,000         on a $1,000 investment,    
                          investment, assuming a 5%    investment, assuming a 5%    assuming a 5% annual return
                          annual return on assets:     annual return on the         on assets:                 
                                                       assets:                                                 

                          1 YR. 3 YRS. 5 YRS. 10 YRS.  1 YR. 3 YRS. 5 YRS. 10 YRS.  1 YR. 3 YRS. 5 YRS. 10 YRS.
SUB-ACCOUNT               ----- ------ ------ -------  ----- ------ ------ -------  ----- ------ ------ -------
Calvert Social Balanced.  $  74 $  125 $  178 $   299  $  22 $   70 $  120 $   258  $  23 $   71 $  121 $   260
 
Hartford Advisers HLS                                                                                          
  (1)....................  $71   $116   $164   $269     $19   $61    $105   $228     $20   $62    $106   $229  
Hartford Bond HLS........  $71   $114   $160   $261     $18   $58    $101   $219     $19   $59    $102   $221  
Hartford Capital                                                                                               
  Appreciation HLS (1)...  $72   $117   $165   $272     $19   $61    $106   $230     $20   $62    $107   $231  
Hartford Dividend and                                                                                          
  Growth HLS.............  $72   $119   $168   $278     $20   $63    $109   $236     $21   $64    $110   $238  
Hartford Index HLS (2)...  $66   $ 99   $134   $206     $13   $42    $ 73   $162     $14   $43    $ 74   $163  
Hartford International                                                                                         
  Opportunities HLS......  $73   $122   $173   $288     $21   $66    $114   $247     $22   $67    $115   $248  
Hartford Money Market                                                                                          
  HLS....................  $70   $113   $158   $256     $18   $57    $ 98   $214     $19   $58    $ 99   $215  
Hartford Mortgage
Securities HLS.........  $70   $113   $158   $257     $18   $57    $ 99   $215     $19   $58    $100   $216  
Hartford Stock HLS (1)...  $70   $113   $158   $256     $18   $57    $ 98   $214     $19   $58    $ 99   $215  

------------                                                                    

(1) We voluntarily reduce the charge for administrative undertakings in certain 
sub-accounts in DC-II. The reduced total for mortality, expense risk and
 administrative undertakings in these Sub-Accounts is as follows: Hartford
Stock HLS, 1.24%; Hartford Advisers HLS, 1.20%; and Hartford Capital    
Appreciation HLS, 1.21%.                                                

(2) We voluntarily limit the applicable charge for mortality, expense risk and  
   administrative undertakings for Hartford Index HLS Sub-Account so that when
    combined with the expenses of the underlying Fund, the total does not exceed
1.25%.                                                                  

7 

P-->485BPOS11th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 11th
SUMMARY 
WHAT ARE THE CONTRACTS?                                                         

The Contracts are group variable annuity contracts. They are issued in  
connection with a Deferred Compensation Plan. We can also issue the Contracts in
connection with certain Qualified Plans. Contract Owners who purchased a prior  
series of Contracts can make Contributions to such Contracts subject to the     
terms and provisions of their Contracts. New Participants may be added to       
existing Contracts of the prior series but no new Contracts of that series will 
be issued. Prior Contract Owners are referred to the Appendix for a description 
of the Sales Charges and other expenses applicable to earlier series of         
Contracts                                                                       

WHAT IS THE ACCUMULATION PERIOD?                                                

During the Accumulation Period under the Contracts, the Employer makes  
Contributions to the Contracts that are used to purchase variable Separate      
Account interests. Contributions allocated to purchase variable interests may,  
after the deductions described in this Prospectus, be invested in selected      
Sub-Accounts of the Separate Account.                                           

During the Accumulation Period a Contract Owner or a Participant may    
allocate monies held in the Separate Account among the available Sub-Accounts of
the Separate Account. There may be restrictions under certain circumstances (see
"May I transfer assets between Sub-Accounts?").                                 

WHAT ARE THE SALES CHARGES UNDER THE CONTRACT?                                  

We do not deduct sales charges at the time Contributions are made to the
Contract. We deduct a contingent deferred sales charge ("Sales Charge") from    
Surrenders of or from the Contract. The amount of the Sales Charge depends on   
the number of Participant's Contract Years completed with respect to a          
Participant's Account before the Surrender. It is a percentage of the amount    
Surrendered. For Contracts under which contributions are held under Separate    
Account DC I, the Sales Charge is as follows:                                   

                                                                [Download Table]

PARTICIPANT'S CONTRACT YEARS                                  SALES CHARGE
----------------------------                                  ------------
                                                                          
During the First through the Sixth Year.....................       5%     
During the Seventh through Eighth Year......................       4%     
During the Ninth through Tenth Year.........................       3%     
During the Eleventh through Twelfth Year....................       2%     
Thirteenth Year and thereafter..............................       0%     

  For Contracts under which contributions are held under Separate Account DC
II, the Sales Charge is as follows:                                             

                                                                [Download Table]

PARTICIPANT'S CONTRACT YEARS                                  SALES CHARGE
----------------------------                                  ------------
                                                                          
During the First through the Eighth Year....................       5%     
During the Ninth through Fifteenth Year.....................       3%     
Sixteenth Year and thereafter...............................       0%     

    We may reduce the amount or term of the Sales Charge (see "Experience Rating
under the Contracts" and "Negotiated Charges and Fees"). The Sales Charge will  
never exceed 8.5% of aggregate Contributions to a Participant's Account.        

    No deduction for Sales Charges will be made in certain cases. (See "Is there
ever a time when the Sales Charge does not apply?")                             

WHAT CHARGES WILL I PAY ON AN ANNUAL BASIS?                                     

MORTALITY, EXPENSE RISK AND ADMINISTRATIVE CHARGE: Because we assume certain
risks under the Contract, and we provide certain administrative services, we    
deduct a daily charge against all Contract values held in the Separate Accounts 
during the life of the Contract. This is the charge for Mortality, Expense Risk 
and Administrative Undertakings. The amount of the charge differs between DC-I  
and DC-II and, with respect to DC-I, depends on the value of the Contract:      

                                                                [Download Table]

SEPARATE
ACCOUNT      
                                              -------------------
                                                DC-I      DC-II  
                                              --------   --------
                                                                 
Annual rate                                                      
 (Contract values of $50,000,000 or less):     0.90%      1.25%  
Annual rate                                                      
 (Contract values in excess of $50,000,000):   0.75%      1.25%  

8 

P-->485BPOS12th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 12th
    We will determine eligibility for the lower annual rate in DC-I based on the
value of a Contract on the last day of each calendar quarter, each such day a   
"Test Date". To be eligible, the value of the Contract must exceed $50,000,000  
on two successive Test Dates. A reduction in the charge for Mortality, Expense  
Risk and Administrative Undertakings in DC-I requires a conversion period       
following a determination of eligibility. The conversion period will generally  
not exceed three months, depending on Contract Owner cooperation during the     
conversion period.                                                              

ANNUAL MAINTENANCE FEE: We deduct an Annual Maintenance Fee from the value
of each Participant Account under a Contract at the end of a Participant's      
Contract Year. The maximum Annual Maintenance Fee is $25 per year and is        
currently assessed against any Participant Account value in DC-II. Such fee may 
be reduced or waived (see "Experience Rating under the Contracts" and           
"Negotiated Charges and Fees").                                                 

IS THERE A DEDUCTION FOR PREMIUM TAXES?                                         

    We deduct during the Accumulation Period and Annuity Period, as appropriate,
for the payment of any Premium Taxes levied against the Contract by a state or  
other governmental entity. The range is generally up to 3.50%. (See "Contract
Charges.")                                                                      

IS THERE A DEATH BENEFIT?                                                       

    We will pay a Minimum Death Benefit if a Participant dies before the earlier
of (1) the Participant's 65th birthday or (2) the Annuity Commencement Date.    
(See "Death Benefits.")                                                         

WHAT IS THE ANNUITY PERIOD?                                                     

    At the end of the Accumulation Period, we will allocate Contract values held
with respect to Participants' Accounts as directed by the Contract Owner to     
establish Annuitants' Accounts to provide Fixed and/or Variable Annuities under 
the Contracts. If applicable, we will also allocate any additional Contributions
that a Contract Owner elects to make to the Annuitants' Accounts at the         
commencement of the Annuity Period, as directed by the Contract Owner.          

WHAT ANNUITY PAYMENT OPTIONS ARE AVAILABLE?                                     

 When you purchase an Annuity, you may choose one of the following Annuity
payment options, or receive a lump sum payment:                                 

LIFE ANNUITY where we make monthly Annuity payments for as long as the  
Annuitant lives.                                                                

-  Payments under this option stop upon the death of the Annuitant, even if the 
Annuitant dies after one payment.                                         

LIFE ANNUITY WITH 120, 180 OR 240 MONTHLY PAYMENTS CERTAIN where we make
monthly payments for the life of the Annuitant with the provision that payments 
will be made for a minimum of 120, 180 or 240 months, as elected. If, at the    
death of the Annuitant, payments have been made for less than the minimum       
elected number of months, then any remaining guaranteed monthly payments will be
paid to the Beneficiary unless other provisions have been made and approved by  
us.                                                                             

  UNIT REFUND LIFE ANNUITY where we make monthly payments during the life of
the Annuitant and when the Annuitant dies, we pay any remaining value to the    
Beneficiary. See Annuity payment Option 3 for a discussion of how the remaining 
value is determined.                                                            

 JOINT AND LAST SURVIVOR ANNUITY where we make monthly payments during the
joint lifetime of the Annuitant and a designated individual (called the joint   
Annuitant) and then throughout the remaining lifetime of the survivor.          

-  When the Annuity is purchased, the Annuitant elects what percentage (50%, 66 
   2/3%, or 100%) of the monthly Annuity payment will continue to be paid to the
   survivor. It is possible for an Annuitant and joint Annuitant to receive only
   one payment in the event of the common or simultaneous death of the Annuitant
and joint Annuitant prior to the due date for the second payment.         

    PAYMENTS FOR A DESIGNATED PERIOD where we agree to make monthly payments for
the number of years selected. Under the Contracts, the minimum number of years  
is five. In the event of the Annuitant's death prior to the end of the          
designated period, any then remaining balance of proceeds will be paid in one   
sum to the Beneficiary unless other provisions have been made and approved by   
us.                                                                             

-  This option does not involve life contingencies and does not provide any     
mortality guarantee.                                                      

-  Surrenders are subject to the limitations set forth in the contract and any  
applicable contingent deferred sales charges.                             

   UNDER ANY OF THE ANNUITY PAYMENT OPTIONS ABOVE, EXCEPT FOR THE PAYMENTS FOR
A DESIGNATED PERIOD OPTION (ON A VARIABLE BASIS), NO SURRENDERS ARE PERMITTED   
AFTER ANNUITY PAYMENTS COMMENCE.                                                

9 

P-->485BPOS13th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 13th
ACCUMULATION UNIT VALUES
(FOR AN ACCUMULATION UNIT OUTSTANDING THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD)

The following information has been derived from the audited financial   
statements of the Separate Accounts, which have been audited by Arthur Andersen 
LLP, independent public accountants, as indicated in their reports with respect 
thereto, and should be read in conjunction with those statements which are      
included in the Statement of Additional Information, which is incorporated by   
reference in this Prospectus.                                                   

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                        YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                 
                                        ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         1999     1998     1997     1996     1995     1994     1993     1992     1991     1990  
                                        ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- --------
 
DC-I 
HARTFORD BOND HLS SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                   
(INCEPTION DATE AUGUST 3, 1982)                                                                                                 
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                                         
  period............................... $ 4.978 $  4.641 $  4.201 $  4.099 $  3.499 $  3.689 $  3.388 $  3.251 $  2.827 $  2.640
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                               
  period............................... $ 4.837 $  4.978 $  4.641 $  4.201 $  4.099 $  3.499 $  3.689 $  3.388 $  3.251 $  2.827
Number accumulation units outstanding                                                                                           
  at end of period (in thousands)......   7,197   10,752    8.821    8,711    8,630    9,090   10,092   10,253   10,201    9,871
HARTFORD STOCK HLS SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                  
(INCEPTION DATE AUGUST 3, 1982)                                                                                                 
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                                         
  period............................... $19.085 $ 14.413 $ 11.059 $  8.979 $  6.773 $  6.990 $  6.190 $  5.695 $  4.628 $  4.875
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                               
  period............................... $22.672 $ 19.085 $ 14.413 $ 11.059 $  8.979 $  6.773 $  6.990 $  6.190 $  5.695 $  4.628
Number accumulation units outstanding                                                                                           
  at end of period (in thousands)......  28,666   44,464   44,558   42,224   39,271   39,551   37,542   34,861   32,700   29,962
HARTFORD MONEY MARKET HLS SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                           
(INCEPTION DATE JUNE 14, 1982)                                                                                                  
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                                         
  period............................... $ 2.987 $  2.861 $  2.738 $  2.629 $  2.515 $  2.450 $  2.410 $  2.354 $  2.248 $  2.106
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                               
  period............................... $ 3.109 $  2.987 $  2.861 $  2.738 $  2.629 $  2.515 $  2.450 $  2.410 $  2.354 $  2.248
Number accumulation units outstanding                                                                                           
  at end of period (in thousands)......  12,051   13,525   11,208    9,609    7,884    9,548    9,298    9,999   10,936   11,181
HARTFORD ADVISERS HLS SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                               
(INCEPTION DATE MAY 2, 1983)                                                                                                    
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                                         
  period............................... $ 6.432 $  5.204 $  4.213 $  3.649 $  2.876 $  2.993 $  2.700 $  2.524 $  2.123 $  2.123
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                               
  period............................... $ 7.061 $  6.432 $  5.204 $  4.213 $  3.649 $  2.876 $  2.993 $  2.700 $  2.524 $  2.123
Number accumulation units outstanding                                                                                           
  at end of period (in thousands)...... 101,430  140,627  137,947  136,232  128,415  126,437  119,064  105,648   93,981   84,223
HARTFORD CAPITAL APPRECIATION HLS                                                                                               
  SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                                   
(INCEPTION DATE APRIL 2, 1984)                                                                                                  
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                                         
  period............................... $ 9.106 $  7.952 $  6.552 $  5.482 $  4.257 $  4.204 $  3.524 $  3.050 $  2.004 $  2.278
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                               
  period............................... $12.420 $  9.106 $  7.952 $  6.552 $  5.482 $  4.257 $  4.204 $  3.524 $  3.050 $  2.004
Number accumulation units outstanding                                                                                           
  at end of period (in thousands)......  39.292   48,417   62,609   59,279   52,278   46,086   36,598   25,900   19,437   15,293

10

P-->485BPOS14th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 14th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                            
                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          1999    1998    1997    1996    1995    1994    1993    1992    1991    1990  
                                         ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- -------
 
HARTFORD MORTGAGE SECURITIES HLS 
  SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                           
(INCEPTION DATE JANUARY 15, 1985)                                                                                       
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                                 
  period................................ $ 2.781 $ 2.628 $ 2.430 $ 2.335 $ 2.034 $ 2.093 $ 1.993 $ 1.929 $ 1.702 $ 1.571
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                       
  period................................ $ 2.802 $ 2.781 $ 2.628 $ 2.430 $ 2.335 $ 2.034 $ 2.093 $ 1.993 $ 1.929 $ 1.702
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                                
  end of period (in thousands)..........   6,078   8,947   9,204  10,597  11,067  10,782  11,722  12,046  11,855  10,291
HARTFORD INDEX HLS SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                          
(INCEPTION DATE JUNE 3, 1987)                                                                                           
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                                 
  period................................ $ 2.509 $ 1.907 $ 1.520 $ 2.353 $ 1.738 $ 1.735 $ 1.605 $ 1.522 $ 1.190 $ 1.255
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                       
  period................................ $ 3.007 $ 2.509 $ 1.907 $ 1.520 $ 2.353 $ 1.738 $ 1.735 $ 1.605 $ 1.522 $ 1.190
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                                
  end of period (in thousands)..........  62,941  81,407  67,788  49,989  19,816  15,356  13,489  11,720   8,519   6,350
CALVERT SOCIAL BALANCED SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                     
(INCEPTION DATE JANUARY 25, 1989)                                                                                       
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                                 
  period................................ $ 2.955 $ 2.563 $ 2.152 $ 1.929 $ 1.504 $ 1.573 $ 1.475 $ 1.388 $ 1.207 $ 1.173
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                       
  period................................ $ 3.291 $ 2.955 $ 2.563 $ 2.152 $ 1.929 $ 1.504 $ 1.573 $ 1.475 $ 1.388 $ 1.207
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                                
  end of period (in thousands)..........   7,927  11,080  10.795  10,160   9,009   7,899   7,199   5,215   3,508   2,036
HARTFORD INTERNATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES HLS                                                                                
  SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                           
(INCEPTION DATE JULY 2, 1990)                                                                                           
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                                 
  period................................ $ 1.662 $ 1.459 $ 1.488 $ 1.330 $ 1.181 $ 1.220 $ 0.924 $ 0.979 $ 0.877 $ 1.000
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                       
  period................................ $ 2.305 $ 1.662 $ 1.459 $ 1.488 $ 1.330 $ 1.181 $ 1.220 $ 0.924 $ 0.979 $ 0.877
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                                
  end of period (in thousands)..........  22,410  32,407  38,369  43,558  35,671  38,270  19,894   8,061   4,663   2,564
HARTFORD DIVIDEND AND GROWTH HLS                                                                                        
  SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                           
(INCEPTION DATE MAY 1, 1995)                                                                                            
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                                 
  period                                 $ 2.250 $ 1.949 $ 1.490 $ 1.224 $ 1.000      --      --      --      --      --
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                       
  period................................ $ 2.349 $ 2.250 $ 1.949 $ 1.490 $ 1.224      --      --      --      --      --
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                                
  end of period (in thousands)..........  22,927  36,162  37,647  20,897   6,317      --      --      --      --      --

11

P-->485BPOS15th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 15th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                          
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
                                          1999    1998    1997    1996   1995   1994   1993   1992   1991   1990  
                                         ------- ------- ------- ------ ------ ------ ------ ------ ------ ------ 

DC-II (1.25%)                                                                                                     
HARTFORD BOND HLS SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                     
(INCEPTION DATE AUGUST 25, 1982)                                                                                  
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                           
  period................................ $ 4.917 $ 4.604 $ 4.187 $4.095 $3.500 $3.689 $3.389 $3.251 $2.827 $2.641 
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                 
  period................................ $ 4.796 $ 4.917 $ 4.604 $4.187 $4.095 $3.500 $3.689 $3.389 $3.251 $2.827 
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                          
  end of period (in thousands)..........   3,141   1,804   1,606  1,655  1,368  1,123    992    816    732    724 
HARTFORD STOCK HLS SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                    
(INCEPTION DATE JUNE 29, 1982)                                                                                    
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                           
  period................................ $18.846 $14.295 $11.017 $8.968 $6.771 $6.988 $6.188 $5.694 $4.627 $4.874 
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                 
  period................................ $21.649 $18.846 $14.295 $11.017 $8.968 $6.771 $6.988 $6.188 $5.694 $4.627
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                          
  end of period (in thousands)..........  11,207   4,483   5,082  4,885  4,413  3,885  3,181  2,517  1,885  1,467 
HARTFORD MONEY MARKET HLS SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                             
(INCEPTION DATE JUNE 29, 1982)                                                                                    
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                           
  period................................ $ 2.947 $ 2.834 $ 2.725 $2.624 $2.512 $2.447 $2.407 $2.351 $2.245 $2.103 
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                 
  period................................ $ 3.061 $ 2.947 $ 2.834 $2.725 $2.624 $2.512 $2.447 $2.407 $2.351 $2.245 
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                          
  end of period (in thousands)..........   2,145   1,567   1,473  1,333    989    905    886    884    929    881 
HARTFORD ADVISERS HLS SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                 
(INCEPTION DATE MAY 2, 1983)                                                                                      
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                           
  period................................ $ 6.366 $ 5.168 $ 4.201 $3.647 $2.876 $2.993 $2.700 $2.524 $2.123 $2.123 
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                 
  period................................ $ 7.021 $ 6.366 $ 5.168 $4.201 $3.647 $2.876 $2.993 $2.700 $2.524 $2.123 
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                          
  end of period (in thousands)..........  14,450   8,737  10,299 10,505  9,212  8,279  7,023  7,323  6,220  5,565 
HARTFORD CAPITAL APPRECIATION HLS                                                                                 
  SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                     
(INCEPTION DATE APRIL 2, 1984)                                                                                    
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                           
  period................................ $ 9.001 $ 7.896 $ 6.533 $5.478 $4.257 $4.204 $3.524 $3.050 $2.004 $2.278 
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                 
  period................................ $12.389 $ 9.001 $ 7.896 $6.533 $5.478 $4.257 $4.204 $3.524 $3.050 $2.004 
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                          
  end of period (in thousands)..........  12,159   7,529  11,032 10,979  9,081  6,923  4,940  3,276  2,113  1,455 

12

P-->485BPOS16th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 16th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                         
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          1999    1998    1997    1996   1995   1994   1993   1992   1991   1990 
                                         ------- ------- ------- ------ ------ ------ ------ ------ ------ ------
 
HARTFORD MORTGAGE SECURITIES HLS 
  SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                    
(INCEPTION DATE JANUARY 15, 1985)                                                                                
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                          
  period................................ $ 2.747 $ 2.606 $ 2.421 $2.333 $2.034 $2.093 $1.993 $1.929 $1.702 $1.571
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                
  period................................ $ 2.799 $ 2.747 $ 2.606 $2.421 $2.333 $2.034 $2.093 $1.993 $1.929 $1.702
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                         
  end of period (in thousands)..........   1,200     891   1,035  1,141  1,149    994    942    802    736    582
HARTFORD INDEX HLS SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                   
(INCEPTION DATE JUNE 3, 1985)                                                                                    
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                          
  period................................ $ 4.755 $ 3.745 $ 2.848 $2.353 $1.738 $1.735 $1.605 $1.522 $1.190 $1.255
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                
  period................................ $ 5.729 $ 4.755 $ 3.745 $2.848 $2.353 $1.738 $1.735 $1.605 $1.522 $1.190
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                         
  end of period (in thousands)..........  10,126   6,393   5,415  4,378  3,153  2,376  1,862  1,437    871    595
CALVERT SOCIAL BALANCED PORTFOLIO                                                                                
  SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                    
(INCEPTION DATE JANUARY 25, 1989)                                                                                
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                          
  period................................ $ 2.750 $ 2.396 $ 2.021 $1.817 $1.417 $1.483 $1.391 $1.308 $1.138 $1.106
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                
  period................................ $ 3.052 $ 2.750 $ 2.396 $2.021 $1.817 $1.417 $1.483 $1.391 $1.308 $1.138
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                         
  end of period (in thousands)..........   1,628   1,263   1,291  1,193    923    693    498    317    187     94
HARTFORD INTERNATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES HLS                                                                         
  SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                    
(INCEPTION DATE JULY 2, 1990)                                                                                    
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                          
  period................................ $ 1.641 $ 1.469 $ 1.483 $1.329 $1.181 $1.220 $0.924 $0.979 $0.877 $1.000
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                
  period................................ $ 2.288 $ 1.641 $ 1.469 $1.483 $1.329 $1.181 $1.220 $0.924 $0.979 $0.877
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                         
  end of period (in thousands)..........   6,548   4,166   5,864  5,996  4,520  3,640  1,495    553    220     52
HARTFORD DIVIDEND AND GROWTH HLS                                                                                 
  SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                                                    
(INCEPTION DATE MAY 1, 1995)                                                                                     
Accumulation unit value at beginning of                                                                          
  period................................ $ 2.222 $ 1.933 $ 1.490 $1.223 $1.000     --     --     --     --     --
Accumulation unit value at end of                                                                                
  period................................ $ 2.314 $ 2.222 $ 1.933 $1.490 $1.223     --     --     --     --     --
Number accumulation units outstanding at                                                                         
  end of period (in thousands)..........   9,983   8,150   6,877  3,874    558     --     --     --     --     --

13

P-->485BPOS17th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 17th
PERFORMANCE RELATED INFORMATION 

   Each Separate Account may advertise certain performance related information
concerning its Sub-Accounts. Performance information about a Sub-Account is     
based on the Sub-Account's past performance only and is no indication of future 
performance.                                                                    

   Hartford Advisers HLS, Hartford Bond HLS, Calvert Social Balanced, Hartford
Capital Appreciation HLS, Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS, Hartford Index HLS, 
Hartford International Opportunities HLS, Hartford Money Market HLS, Hartford   
Mortgage Securities HLS, and Hartford Stock HLS Sub-Accounts may include total  
return in advertisements or other sales material.                               

    When a Sub-Account advertises its STANDARDIZED TOTAL RETURN, it will usually
be calculated for one year, five years, and ten years or some other relevant    
periods if the Sub-Account has not been in existence for at least ten years.    
Total return is measured by comparing the value of an investment in the         
Sub-Account at the beginning of the relevant period to the value of the         
investment at the end of the period (assuming the deduction of any contingent   
deferred sales charge which would be payable if the investment were redeemed at 
the end of the period). Total return figures are net of all total fund operating
expenses, the contingent deferred sales charge, the highest charge for          
mortality, expense risk and administrative undertakings, and the highest Annual 
Maintenance Fee, where applicable.                                              

The Separate Accounts may also advertise NON-STANDARD TOTAL RETURNS THAT
PRE-DATE THE INCEPTION DATE OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT. These non-standardized     
total returns are calculated by assuming that the Sub-Accounts have been in     
existence for the same periods as the underlying Funds and by taking deductions 
for charges equal to those currently assessed against the Sub-Accounts. This    
figure will usually be calculated for one year, five years, and ten years or    
other periods. Non-standardized total return figures are net of total fund      
operating expenses, the actual charge for mortality, expense risk and           
administrative undertakings, and do not take into account contingent deferred   
sales charges and the Annual Maintenance Fee, where applicable. Therefore,      
non-standardized total return for a Sub-Account is higher than standardized     
total return for a Sub-Account. These non-standardized returns must be          
accompanied by standardized total returns.                                      

Hartford Bond HLS and Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS Sub-Accounts may 
advertise YIELD IN ADDITION TO TOTAL RETURN. The yield will be computed in the  
following manner: The net investment income per unit earned during a recent 30  
day period is divided by the unit value on the last day of the period. This     
figure reflects the recurring charges on the Separate Account level including   
the charge for mortality, expense risk, administrative undertakings and the     
Annual Maintenance Fee, where applicable.                                       

Hartford Money Market HLS Sub-Account may advertise YIELD AND EFFECTIVE 
YIELD. The yield of the Sub-Account is based upon the income earned by the      
Sub-Account over a seven-day period and then annualized, i.e. the income earned 
in the period is assumed to be earned every seven days over a 52-week period and
stated as a percentage of the investment. Effective yield is calculated         
similarly but when annualized, the income earned by the investment is assumed to
be reinvested in Sub-Account units and thus compounded in the course of a       
52-week period. Yield and effective yield reflect the recurring charges on the  
Separate Account level including the charge for mortality, expense risk,        
administrative undertakings and the Annual Maintenance Fee, where applicable.   

We may provide information on various topics to Contract Owners and     
prospective Contract Owners in advertising, sales literature or other materials.
These topics may include the relationship between sectors of the economy and the
economy as a whole and its effect on various securities markets, investment     
strategies and techniques (such as value investing, dollar cost averaging and   
asset allocation), the advantages and disadvantages of investing in tax-deferred
and taxable instruments, customer profiles and hypothetical purchase scenarios, 
financial management and tax and retirement planning, and other investment      
alternatives, including comparisons between the Contracts and the               
characteristics of and market for such alternatives.                            

HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 

    Hartford Life Insurance Company is a stock life insurance company engaged in
the business of writing life insurance, both individual and group, in all states
of the United States and the District of Columbia. We were originally           
incorporated under the laws of Massachusetts on June 5, 1902, and subsequently  
redomiciled to                                                                  

14

P-->485BPOS18th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 18th
Connecticut. Our offices are located in Simsbury, Connecticut; however, our     
mailing address is P.O. Box 1583, Hartford, CT 06144-1583. We are ultimately    
controlled by The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., one of the largest   
financial service providers in the United States.                               

HARTFORD'S RATINGS

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

RATING AGENCY               EFFECTIVE DATE OF RATING  RATING         BASIS OF RATING        
-------------               ------------------------  ------  ------------------------------
                                                                                            
A.M. Best and Company, Inc.          1/1/99              A+   Financial performance         
Standard & Poor's                    8/1/99             AA    Insurer financial strength    
Duff & Phelps                        7/1/99             AA+   Claims paying ability         
Moody's                              7/1/99             Aa3   Insurer financial strength    

THE SEPARATE ACCOUNTS 

Hartford Life Insurance Company Separate Account DC Variable Account-I  
("DC-I") and Hartford Life Insurance Company Separate Account Two ("DC-II") are 
where we set aside and invest assets of some of our annuity contracts, including
the Contracts. We hold Contributions to Contracts issued in connection with     
Deferred Compensation Plans in DC-I during the Accumulation Period and in DC-II 
during the Annuity Period. We hold Contributions to Contracts issued in         
connection with Qualified Plans in DC-II during both the Accumulation Period and
the Annuity Period. The assets of DC-I and DC-II were transferred from Hartford 
Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company Separate Account DC-I and Separate      
Account DC-II, respectively, on December 31, 1987.                              

Each Separate Account is registered as a unit investment trust under the
Investment Company Act of 1940. This registration does not involve supervision  
by the Commission of the management or the investment practices of the Separate 
Accounts or Hartford.                                                           

Each Separate Account meets the definition of "separate account" under  
federal securities law. Each Separate Account holds only assets for variable    
annuity contracts. Each Separate Account, respectively:                         

   - Holds assets for the benefit of Participants and Contract Owners, and the
persons entitled to the payments described in the Contract.         

- Is not subject to the liabilities arising out of any other business   
Hartford may conduct.                                               

   - Is not affected by the rate of return of Hartford's General Account or by
    the investment performance of any of Hartford's other separate accounts.

  - May be subject to liabilities from a Sub-Account of the Separate Account
      that holds assets of other contracts offered by the Separate Account which
are not described in this Prospectus.                               

- Is credited with income and gains, and takes losses, whether or not   
realized, from the assets it holds.                                 

  WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE INVESTMENT RESULTS OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNTS. THERE
IS NO ASSURANCE THAT THE VALUE OF YOUR PARTICIPANT ACCOUNT WILL EQUAL THE TOTAL 
OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS MADE TO YOUR PARTICIPANT ACCOUNT.                          

THE FUNDS 

    Hartford HLS Funds are sponsored and administered by Hartford Life Insurance
Company. HL Investment Advisors, LLC ("HL Advisors") serves as the investment   
adviser to each of the Hartford HLS Funds. Wellington Management Company, LLP   
("Wellington Management") and Hartford Investment Management Company ("HIMCO")  
serve as sub-investment advisors and provide day to day investment services.    

Each Hartford HLS Fund available in this Contract is a separate Maryland
corporation registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an        
open-end management investment company. The shares of each Fund have been       
divided into Class IA and Class IB. Only Class IA shares are available in this  
Contract.                                                                       

15

P-->485BPOS19th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 19th
 Calvert Asset Management Company serves as investment advisor and manages
the fixed-income portion of the Calvert Social Balanced Portfolio. The          
sub-advisor to the equity portion of the Portfolio is NCM Capital               
Management, Inc.                                                                

  We do not guarantee the investment results of any of the underlying Funds.
Since each underlying Fund has different investment objectives, each is subject 
to different risks. These risks and the Fund's expenses are more fully described
in the accompanying Fund's prospectuses and Statements of Additional            
Information, which may be ordered from us. The Fund's prospectuses should be    
read in conjunction with this Prospectus before investing.                      

THESE FUNDS MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ALL STATES OR IN ALL CONTRACTS.     

The investment goals of each of the Funds are as follows:               

HARTFORD HLS FUNDS
HARTFORD ADVISERS HLS FUND                                                  

  Seeks maximum long-term total rate of return by investing in common stocks
and other equity securities, bonds and other debt securities, and money market  
instruments. Sub-advised by Wellington Management.                              

HARTFORD BOND HLS FUND                                                      

Seeks maximum current income consistent with preservation of capital by 
investing primarily in investment grade fixed-income securities. Up to 20% of   
the total assets of this Fund may be invested in debt securities rated in the   
highest category below investment grade ("Ba" by Moody's Investor               
Services, Inc. or "BB" by Standard & Poor's) or, if unrated, are determined to  
be of comparable quality by the Fund's investment adviser. Securities rated     
below investment grade are commonly referred to as "high yield-high risk        
securities" or "junk bonds." For more information concerning the risks          
associated with investing in such securities, please refer to the section in the
accompanying prospectus for the Funds entitled "Hartford Bond HLS Fund, Inc."   
Sub-advised by HIMCO.                                                           

HARTFORD CAPITAL APPRECIATION HLS FUND                                      

    Seeks growth of capital by investing in equity securities selected solely on
the basis of potential for capital appreciation. Sub-advised by Wellington      
Management.                                                                     

HARTFORD DIVIDEND AND GROWTH HLS FUND                                       

 Seeks a high level of current income consistent with growth of capital by
investing primarily in dividend paying equity securities. Sub-advised by        
Wellington Management.                                                          

HARTFORD INDEX HLS FUND                                                     

Seeks to provide investment results that approximate the price and yield
performance of publicly traded common stocks in the aggregate, as represented by
the Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Stock Price Index.* Sub-advised by HIMCO.   

HARTFORD INTERNATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES HLS FUND 

  Seeks growth of capital by investing primarily in equity securities issued
by non-U.S. companies. Sub-advised by Wellington Management.                    

HARTFORD MONEY MARKET HLS FUND 

  Seeks maximum current income consistent with liquidity and preservation of
capital. Sub-advised by HIMCO.                                                  

* "STANDARD & POOR'S-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-", "S&P-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-", "S&P  
 500-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-", "STANDARD & POOR'S 500", AND "500" ARE TRADEMARKS
 OF THE MCGRAW-HILL COMPANIES, INC. AND HAVE BEEN LICENSED FOR USE BY HARTFORD
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND AFFILIATES. HARTFORD INDEX HLS FUND, INC. ("INDEX
FUND") IS NOT SPONSORED, ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED BY STANDARD & POOR'S AND
STANDARD & POOR'S MAKES NO REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ADVISABILITY OF     
INVESTING IN THE INDEX FUND.                                                

16

P-->485BPOS20th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 20th
HARTFORD MORTGAGE SECURITIES HLS FUND 

Seeks maximum current income consistent with safety of principal and    
maintenance of liquidity by investing primarily in mortgage-related securities. 
Sub-advised by HIMCO.                                                           

HARTFORD STOCK HLS FUND 

Seeks long-term growth by investing primarily in equity securities.     
Sub-advised by Wellington Management.                                           

CALVERT FUND
CALVERT SOCIAL BALANCED PORTFOLIO                                           

Seeks to achieve a competitive total return through an actively managed 
portfolio of stocks, bonds and money market instruments which offer income and  
capital growth opportunity and which satisfy the investment and social criteria.

ALL FUNDS 

  Hartford Advisers HLS Sub-Account was not available under Contracts issued
prior to May 2, 1983. Hartford Capital Appreciation HLS Sub-Account was not     
available under Contracts issued prior to May 1, 1984. Hartford Mortgage        
Securities HLS Sub-Account was not available under Contracts issued prior to    
January 15, 1985. Hartford Index HLS Sub-Account was not available under        
Contracts issued prior to May 1, 1987. Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS         
Sub-Account was not available under Contracts issued prior to May 1, 1995. Funds
not available prior to the issue date of a Contract may be requested in writing 
by the Contract Owner.                                                          

MIXED AND SHARED FUNDING: Shares of the Funds are sold to our other separate
accounts and our insurance company affiliates or other unaffiliated insurance   
companies to serve as the underlying investment for both variable annuity       
contracts and variable life insurance contracts, a practice known as "mixed and
shared funding." As a result, there is a possibility that a material conflict   
may arise between the interests of Contract Owners, and of owners of other      
contracts whose contract values are allocated to one or more of these other     
separate accounts investing in any one of the Funds. In the event of any such   
material conflicts, we will consider what action may be appropriate, including  
removing the Fund from the Separate Account or replacing the Fund with another  
Fund. There are certain risks associated with mixed and shared funding, as      
disclosed in the Funds' prospectus.                                             

VOTING RIGHTS: We are the legal owners of all Fund shares held in the   
Separate Accounts and we have the right to vote at the Fund's shareholder       
meetings. To the extent required by federal securities laws or regulations, we  
will:                                                                           

   - Notify the Contract Owner of any Fund shareholders' meeting if the shares
held for the Contract may be voted;                                 

    - Send proxy materials and a form of instructions to the Contract Owner that
     may be used to tell us how to vote the Fund shares held for the Contract;
   arrange for the handling and tallying of proxies received from Contract
Owners;                                                             

   - Vote all Fund shares attributable to a Contract according to instructions
received from the Contract Owner; and                               

   - Vote all Fund shares for which no voting instructions are received in the
same proportion as shares for which instructions have been received.

If any federal securities laws or regulations, or their present         
interpretation, change to permit us to vote Fund shares on our own, we may      
decide to do so. Contract Owners may attend any shareholder meeting at which    
shares held for their Contract may be voted.                                    

During the Annuity Period under a Contract, the number of votes will    
decrease as the assets held to fund the Annuity benefits will decrease.         

17

P-->485BPOS21st Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 21st
SUBSTITUTION, ADDITION OR DELETION OF FUNDS, SEPARATE ACCOUNTS AND/OR   
SUB-ACCOUNTS: We reserve the right, subject to any applicable law, to substitute
the shares of any other registered investment company for the shares of any Fund
held by the Separate Account. Substitution may occur if shares of the Fund(s)   
become unavailable or due to changes in applicable law or interpretations of law
or as we deem appropriate. Current law requires notification to you of any such 
substitution and approval of the Securities and Exchange Commission. We also    
reserve the right, subject to any applicable law, to offer additional           
Sub-Accounts with differing investment objectives, and to make existing         
Sub-Account options unavailable under the Contracts in the future.              

We may offer additional separate account options from time to time under
these Contracts. Such new options will be subject to the then in effect charges,
fees, and or transfer restrictions for the Contracts for such additional        
separate accounts.                                                              

ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES -- Hartford has entered into agreements with the
investment advisers or distributors of many of the Funds. Under the terms of    
these agreements, Hartford provides administrative services and the Funds pay a 
fee to Hartford that is usually based on an annual percentage of the average    
daily net assets of the Funds. These agreements may be different for each Fund  
or each Fund family.                                                            

GENERAL ACCOUNT OPTION
   IMPORTANT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW: THE PORTION OF THE CONTRACT RELATING
TO THE GENERAL ACCOUNT OPTION IS NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
("1933 ACT") AND THE GENERAL ACCOUNT OPTION IS NOT REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT  
COMPANY UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 ("1940 ACT"). NEITHER THE      
GENERAL ACCOUNT OPTION NOR ANY INTEREST IN THE GENERAL ACCOUNT OPTION IS SUBJECT
TO THE PROVISIONS OR RESTRICTIONS OF THE 1933 ACT OR THE 1940 ACT, AND THE STAFF
OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED THE DISCLOSURE       
REGARDING THE GENERAL ACCOUNT OPTION.                                           

   The General Account option is part of our General Account that includes our
company assets.                                                                 

    DECLARED RATE OF INTEREST -- We credit interest on Contributions made to the
General Account at a rate we declare for the calendar quarter in which they are 
received. We determine the declared interest rate for any quarter. We may change
the declared interest rate for any subsequent quarter at our discretion.        

  We will guarantee the declared interest rate for any quarter to the end of
that calendar year. Any change in the declared interest rate will be declared   
before the start of the quarter.                                                

 GUARANTEED RATE OF INTEREST -- For each subsequent calendar year, we will
credit each Contribution with interest at a rate guaranteed for the entire year 
(the "Guaranteed Interest Rate"). The Guaranteed Interest Rate for a calendar   
year will be determined at the end of the preceding calendar year. We may, from 
time to time, credit interest at rates in excess of the Guaranteed Interest     
Rate.                                                                           

DISTRIBUTIONS AND TRANSFERS -- We generally process distributions and   
transfers from the General Account within a reasonable period of time after we  
receive a Participant request at our Administrative Office. However, under      
certain conditions, transfers from the General Account may be limited or        
deferred. Distributions may be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge and
may be deferred or subject to a market value adjustment.                        

ADDITIONAL SEPARATE ACCOUNTS OFFERED
UNDER THE CONTRACTS 
   IMPORTANT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW: THE CONTRACTS MAY CONTAIN ADDITIONAL
SEPARATE ACCOUNTS. THE PORTION OF THE CONTRACT RELATING TO ADDITIONAL SEPARATE  
ACCOUNTS IS NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE 1933 ACT AND THE ADDITIONAL SEPARATE       
ACCOUNTS ARE NOT REGISTERED AS INVESTMENT COMPANIES UNDER THE 1940 ACT. NEITHER 
THE ADDITIONAL SEPARATE ACCOUNTS NOR ANY INTEREST IN THE ADDITIONAL SEPARATE    
ACCOUNTS IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OR RESTRICTIONS OF THE 1933 ACT OR THE    
1940 ACT, AND THE STAFF OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION HAS NOT       
REVIEWED THE DISCLOSURE REGARDING ANY OF THE ADDITIONAL SEPARATE                

18

P-->485BPOS22nd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 22nd
ACCOUNTS. THE FOLLOWING DISCLOSURE ABOUT THE ADDITIONAL SEPARATE ACCOUNTS MAY BE
SUBJECT TO CERTAIN GENERALLY APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE FEDERAL SECURITIES    
LAWS REGARDING THE ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF DISCLOSURE.                     

Additional separate accounts may be offered under the Contracts. These  
separate accounts and their sub-accounts are not described in this Prospectus.  
Contract fees and charges will generally apply, including contingent deferred   
sales charges, mortality expense risk and administrative charges, and other     
charges. These charges may be similar to or different from the fees and charges 
described in this Prospectus with respect to the Separate Accounts. If          
additional separate accounts are available under a Contract, you may allocate   
Contract values to sub-accounts within the additional separate accounts, subject
to any restrictions that may apply. Call 1-800-528-9009 for more information on 
additional separate accounts.                                                   

CONTRACT CHARGES

SALES CHARGE: The purpose of the Sales Charge is to cover expenses relating
to the sale and distribution of the Contracts, including:                       

- the cost of preparing sales literature,                               

   - commissions and other compensation paid to distributing organizations and
their sales personnel, and                                          

- other distribution related activities.                                

If the Sales Charge is not sufficient to cover sales and distribution   
expenses, we pay those expenses from our general assets, including surplus.     
Surplus might include profits resulting from unused mortality and expense risk  
charges.                                                                        

    There is no deduction for Sales Charge at the time Contributions are made to
the Contract. The Sales Charge is deducted from Surrenders of or from the       
Contract. The amount of the Sales Charge depends on the number of Participant's 
Contract Years completed with respect to a Participant's Account before the     
Surrender. It is a percentage of the amount Surrendered. For Contracts for which
contributions are held under DC-I during the Accumulation Period, the following 
Sales Charges will be deducted as follows:                                      

                                                                [Download Table]

PARTICIPANT'S CONTRACT YEARS                                  SALES CHARGE
----------------------------                                  ------------
                                                                          
During the First through the Sixth Year.....................       5%     
During the Seventh through Eighth Year......................       4%     
During the Ninth through Tenth Year.........................       3%     
During the Eleventh through Twelfth Year....................       2%     
During the Thirteenth Year and thereafter...................       0%     

For Contracts for which contributions are held under DC-II during the   
Accumulation Period, the following Sales Charges will be deducted as follows:   

                                                                [Download Table]

PARTICIPANT'S CONTRACT YEARS                                  SALES CHARGE
----------------------------                                  ------------
                                                                          
During the First through the Eighth Year....................       5%     
During the Ninth through Fifteenth Year.....................       3%     
During the Sixteenth Year and thereafter....................       0%     

    We may reduce the amount or term of the Sales Charge (see "Experience Rating
under the Contracts" and "Negotiated Charges and Fees"). The Sales Charge will  
never exceed 8.5% of aggregate Contributions to a Participant's Account.        

When you request a full Surrender, the Sales Charge is deducted from the
amount Surrendered and the balance is paid to you.                              

-  Example: You request a full Surrender when the value of your Participant     
  Account is $1,000 and the applicable Sales Charge is 5%: Your Sub-Account(s)
will be surrendered by $1,000 and you will receive $950 (i.e., the $1,000 
Surrender less the 5% Sales Charge).                                      

    If you request a partial Surrender and ask for a specific dollar amount, the
Sales Charge will be calculated on the total amount that must be withdrawn from 
your Sub-Account(s) to provide you with the amount requested.                   

-  Example: You ask for $1,000 when the applicable Sales Charge is 5%: Your     
Sub-Account(s) will be reduced by $1,052.63 (i.e., a total withdrawal of  
 $1,052.63 made up of $52.63 in Sales Charge plus the $1,000 you requested).
The net amount of $1,000 is paid to you.                                  

19

P-->485BPOS23rd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 23rd
IS THERE EVER A TIME WHEN THE SALES CHARGE DOES NOT APPLY? 

   We will waive the Sales Charge for certain Eligible Surrenders. An Eligible
Surrender is a withdrawal that is (1) made because of a Qualifying Event and (2)
payable directly to the Participant, or if applicable, the Beneficiary. A       
Qualifying Event is the Participant's:                                          

- death;                                                                

- financial hardship, as defined in the Plan;                           

- separation from service; or                                           

- retirement.                                                           

  A transfer to a Plan funding vehicle issued by another investment provider
is not an Eligible Surrender. The Sales Charge does not apply to a transfer of  
Contract values from this Contract to another group annuity contract issued by  
us or one of our affiliates. This waiver may not be available in all States.    

No deduction for the Sales Charge will apply to a transfer to a Related 
Participant Directed Account Option. A "Related Participant Directed Account    
Option" is a Participant directed investment account under the Plan that you    
identify and we accept for the purpose of participant-directed transfers of     
amounts from the Contract for investment outside of the Contract. The Related   
Participant Directed Account Option may not be available in all states.         

MORTALITY, EXPENSE RISK AND ADMINISTRATIVE CHARGE: Because we assume certain
risks under the Contract, and we provide certain administrative services, we    
deduct a daily charge against all Contract values held in the Separate Accounts 
during the life of the Contract. The amount of the charge differs between DC-I  
and DC-II and, with respect to DC-I, depends on the value of the Contract:      

                                                                [Download Table]

SEPARATE
ACCOUNT      
                                              -------------------
                                                DC-I      DC-II  
                                              --------   --------
                                                                 
Annual rate                                                      
 (Contract values of $50,000,000 or less):     0.90%      1.25%  
Annual rate                                                      
 (Contract values in excess of $50,000,000):   0.75%      1.25%  

    We will determine eligibility for the lower annual rate in DC-I based on the
value of a Contract on the last day of each calendar quarter, each such day a   
"Test Date". To be eligible, the value of the Contract must exceed $50,000,000  
on two successive Test Dates. A reduction in the charge for Mortality, Expense  
Risk and Administrative Undertakings in DC-I requires a conversion period       
following a determination of eligibility. The conversion period will generally  
not exceed three months, depending on Contract Owner cooperation during the     
conversion period.                                                              

Although Variable Annuity payments made under the Contracts will vary in
accordance with the investment performance of the underlying Fund shares held in
the Sub-Account(s), the payments will not be affected by (a) our actual         
mortality experience among Annuitants before or after the Annuity Commencement  
Date or (b) our actual expenses, including certain administrative expenses, if  
greater than the deductions provided for in the Contracts because of our expense
and mortality undertakings.                                                     

There are two types of mortality risks:                                 

- mortality risks during the Accumulation Period                        

- mortality risks during the Annuity Period                             

 We take a mortality risk in the Accumulation Period because we assume the
mortality risk for the death benefit in event of the death of an Annuitant      
before commencement of Annuity payments, in periods of declining value.         

   We take a mortality risk during the Annuity Period because we agree to make
monthly Annuity payments (determined in accordance with the 1983a Individual    
Annuitant Mortality Table and other provisions contained in the Contract) to    
Annuitants regardless of how long an Annuitant may live, and regardless of how  
long all Annuitants as a group may live. We also assume the liability for       
payment of a minimum death benefit under the Contract. These mortality          
undertakings are based on our determination of expected mortality rates among   
all Annuitants. If actual experience among Annuitants during the Annuity payment
period deviates from our                                                        

20

P-->485BPOS24th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 24th
actuarial determination of expected mortality rates among Annuitants because, as
a group, their longevity is longer than anticipated, we must provide amounts    
from our general funds to fulfill our contractual obligations. We will bear the 
loss in such a situation.                                                       

The administrative undertaking provided by Hartford assures the Contract
Owner that administration will be provided throughout the entire life of the    
Contract.                                                                       

We may reduce the rate charged for the mortality, expense risk and      
administrative undertakings under the Contracts (see "Experience Rating under
the Contracts" and "Negotiated Charges and Fees"). The rate charged for the     
mortality, expense risk, and administrative undertakings may be periodically    
increased but will not exceed 2.00% per year, provided, however, that no such   
increase will occur unless the Commission first approves such increase.         

HIG EMPLOYER SPONSORED IRA: We have issued a Contract to Hartford Fire  
Insurance Company (a parent company of Hartford) who acts as custodian for the  
Hartford Insurance Group ("HIG") Employer Sponsored Individual Retirement       
Account ("HIG IRA"). We do not deduct mortality and expense charges from the    
Separate Account's assets in connection in the HIG IRA; however we make a       
deduction of 0.15% from the assets of the HIG IRA for certain administration    
undertakings. All costs of the mortality and expense undertakings and the       
reduction in charges for the administrative undertakings are being assumed by   
HIG since this plan is only available to HIG employees and is intended to be an 
additional benefit to eligible HIG employees. The HIG IRA is not unfairly       
discriminatory against any person, including the affected Contract Owners or    
Participants, in that the HIG IRA does not affect present or future charges,    
rights, benefits or contract values.                                            

ANNUAL MAINTENANCE FEE: We deduct an Annual Maintenance Fee from the value
of each Participant Account under the Contracts. Currently, there is an Annual  
Maintenance Fee of $25 assessed against any Participant's Account value in      
Separate Account DC-II. The Annual Maintenance Fee may be reduced or waived (see
"Contract Charges -- Experience Rating Under the Contracts" and "Negotiated
Charges and Fees").                                                             

PREMIUM TAXES: We deduct a charge for Premium Tax, if applicable, imposed by
state or other governmental entity. Certain states and municipalities impose a  
Premium Tax, generally ranging up to 3.50%. In some cases, Premium Taxes are    
deducted at the time purchase payments are made; in other cases Premium Tax is  
assessed at the time of annuitization. We will pay Premium Taxes at the time    
imposed under applicable law. At our sole discretion, we may deduct Premium     
Taxes at the time we pay such taxes to the applicable taxing authorities, at the
time the Contract is surrendered, at the time a death benefit is paid, or at the
time a Participant annuitizes.                                                  

EXPERIENCE RATING UNDER THE CONTRACTS: We may apply experience credits under
a Contract based on investment, administrative, mortality or other factors,     
including, but not limited to (1) the total number of Participants, (2) the sum 
of all Participants' Account values, (3) the allocation of Contract values      
between the General Account and the Separate Accounts under the Contract, (4)   
present or anticipated levels of Contributions, distributions, transfers,       
administrative expenses or commissions, and (5) whether we are the exclusive    
annuity contract provider. Experience credits can take the form of a reduction  
in the deduction for mortality, expense risk and administrative undertakings, a 
reduction in the term or amount of any applicable Sales Charges, an increase in 
the rate of interest credited under the Contract, a payment to be allocated as  
directed by the Contract Owner, or any combination of the foregoing. We may     
apply experience credits either prospectively or retrospectively. We may apply  
and allocate experience credits in such manner as we deem appropriate. Any such 
credit will not be unfairly discriminatory against any person, including the    
affected Contract Owners or Participants. Experience credits have been given in 
certain cases. Participants in Contracts receiving experience credits will      
receive notification regarding such credits. Experience credits may be          
discontinued at our sole discretion in the event of a change in applicable      
factors.                                                                        

NEGOTIATED CHARGES AND FEES: The charges and fees described in this section
vary from Contract to Contract, depending on plan characteristics. The Contract 
Owner can negotiate charges and fees. This flexibility allows us and the        
Contract Owner to custom design a charge and fee structure that meets the       
financial goals of both the Contract Owner and Hartford.                        

CHARGES OF THE FUNDS: The investment performance of each Fund reflects the
management fee that the Fund pays to its investment manager as well as other    
operating expenses that the Fund incurs. Investment management fees are         
generally daily fees computed as a percentage of a Fund's average daily net     
assets as an annual rate. Please read the prospectus for each Fund for complete 
details.                                                                        

21

P-->485BPOS25th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 25th
 PLAN RELATED EXPENSES: We can agree with the Contract Owner to be directed
to deduct amounts from the assets under a Contract to pay certain administrative
expenses or other Plan related expenses including, but not limited to, fees to  
consultants, auditors and other Plan service providers. We will deduct and pay  
such amounts to the Contract Owner or as directed by the Contract Owner. We may 
agree to include such amounts as an adjustment to the charge for administrative 
undertakings for a Separate Account.                                            

THE CONTRACTS 

THE CONTRACTS OFFERED: The Contracts are group variable annuity contracts.
They are designed to fund certain Deferred Compensation Plans established under 
section 457 of the Code for employees and other eligible service providers of   
states and their political subdivisions and certain other organizations exempt  
from taxation. The Contracts may also be issued in connection with certain      
Qualified Plans, including annuity purchase plans adopted by public school      
systems and certain tax-exempt organizations according to section 403(b) of the 
Code.                                                                           

 For Deferred Compensation Plans established under section 457 of the Code
for the benefit of any organization that is exempt from the federal income tax, 
other than a governmental unit, all amounts of compensation deferred under the  
Plan, all property and rights purchased with such amounts, and all income       
attributable to such amounts, property, or rights, remain (until made available 
to a Participant or other Beneficiary) solely the property and the rights of the
Contract Owner (without being restricted to the provision of benefits under the 
Plan), subject only to the claims of the Contract Owner's general creditors.    

For Deferred Compensation Plans that are Plans established under section
457(b) of the Code by a state, a political subdivision of a state, or any agency
or instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a state after         
August 20, 1996, the assets and income of the Plan must be held in trust for the
exclusive benefit of the Participants and the Beneficiaries of the Plan. For    
this purpose, custodial accounts and certain annuity contracts are treated as   
trusts. Such Deferred Compensation Plans that were in existence on August 20,
1996 may be amended to satisfy the trust and exclusive benefit requirements any 
time prior to January 1, 1999, and must be amended not later than that date to  
continue to receive favorable tax treatment. The requirement of a trust does not
apply to Deferred Compensation Plans under section 457(f) of the Code.          

PURCHASE OF A CONTRACT: A single group Contract is issued to the Contract
Owner, covering all present and future participating employees and other        
eligible persons providing services to the Employer. The Contracts provide for  
variable (Separate Account) Contributions and allocations to the General Account
during the Accumulation Period. The Contract Owner can direct that a Participant
Account be established for each Participant for purposes of determining benefits
payable under the Plan.                                                         

CONTRACT RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES AND ASSIGNMENTS: The Contract belongs to the
Contract Owner. However, under certain Deferred Compensation Plans, the Contract
Owner must hold the Contract for the exclusive benefit of the Plan's            
Participants and Beneficiaries. The Contract Owner's rights and privileges may  
only be exercised in a manner that is consistent with the written Plan adopted  
by the Contract Owner. Under certain circumstances, the Contract Owner's        
interest in the Contract may be assigned. However, amounts held under a Contract
on behalf of a Participant are nontransferable and cannot be assigned.          

PRICING AND CREDITING OF CONTRIBUTIONS: We credit initial Contributions to
your Participant Account within two business days after we receive your properly
completed application and the initial Contribution at our Administrative Office.

If your application or other necessary information is incomplete when   
received, your initial Contribution will be credited to your Participant Account
not later than two business days after the application is made complete.        
However, if an incomplete application is not made complete within five business 
days of its initial receipt, the Contribution will be immediately returned      
unless we inform the Contract Owner of the delay and the Contract Owner tells us
not to return it.                                                               

 Subsequent Contributions properly designated for your Participant Account
are priced on the Valuation Day that we receive the Contribution at our         
Administrative Office.                                                          

MAY I MAKE CHANGES IN THE AMOUNTS OF MY CONTRIBUTION? 

 Yes, however the minimum Contribution that may be made at any one time on
behalf of a Participant is $30 unless the Employer's Plan provides otherwise. If
the Plan adopted by the Contract Owner so provides,                             

22

P-->485BPOS26th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 26th
the Contract permits the allocation of Contributions, in multiples of 10% among 
the several Sub-Accounts of the Separate Accounts. The minimum amount that may  
be allocated to any Sub-Account in a Separate Account shall not be less than    
$10. Such changes must be requested in the form and manner prescribed by us.    

MAY I TRANSFER ASSETS BETWEEN SUB-ACCOUNTS? 

    Yes, you can transfer the values of your Sub-Account allocations from one or
more Sub-Accounts or the General Account option to one or more Sub-Accounts, the
General Account option, or any combination thereof during the Accumulation      
Period. You can make these transfers and changes in allocations by              

- written request,                                                      

- by calling 1-800-528-9009, or                                         

- where available, electronically by Internet through our website at    
http://retire.hartfordlife.com.                                     

Any transfers or changes will be effected as of the date we receive your
request in good order at our Administrative Office.                             

   If available under your Employer's Plan, you may also transfer amounts to a
Related Participant Directed Account Option. The Related Participant Directed   
Account Option may not be available in all states.                              

   The following transfer restrictions apply to Contracts issued or amended on
or after May 1, 1992:                                                           

Transfers of assets presently held in the General Account, or which were
held in the General Account at any time during the preceding three months, to   
the Hartford Money Market Sub-Account, or to any money market sub-account       
established in the future, are prohibited.                                      

  Similarly, transfers of assets presently held in the Hartford Money Market
Sub-Account, or any money market sub-account established in the future, or which
where held in any of these Sub-Accounts during the preceding three months, to   
the General Account are prohibited.                                             

We, or our agents and affiliates will not be responsible for losses     
resulting from acting upon telephone or electronic requests reasonably believed 
to be genuine. We will employ reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions
communicated by telephone or electronically are genuine. The procedures we      
follow for transactions initiated by telephone include requirements that callers
provide certain information for identification purposes. All transfer           
instructions by telephone are tape-recorded. Transfer requests initiated        
electronically require a personal identification number.                        

IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO VERIFY THE ACCURACY OF ALL CONFIRMATIONS OF
TRANSFERS AND TO PROMPTLY ADVISE US AT OUR ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF ANY         
INACCURACIES WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE DATE YOU RECEIVE YOUR CONFIRMATION.          

   The right to reallocate Contract values is subject to modification by us if
we determine, in our sole opinion, that the exercise of that right by one or    
more Participants or Contract Owners is, or would be, to the disadvantage of    
other Participants or Contract Owners. Any modification could be applied to     
transfers to or from some or all of the Sub-Accounts and could include, but not 
be limited to, the requirement of a minimum time period between each transfer,  
not accepting transfer requests of an agent acting under a power of attorney on 
behalf of more than one Participant or Contract Owner, or limiting the dollar   
amount that may be transferred between the Sub-Accounts by you at any one time. 
SUCH RESTRICTIONS MAY BE APPLIED IN ANY MANNER REASONABLY DESIGNED TO PREVENT   
ANY USE OF THE TRANSFER RIGHT WHICH WE CONSIDER TO BE TO THE DISADVANTAGE OF    
OTHER CONTRACT OWNERS OR PARTICIPANTS.                                          

DOLLAR COST AVERAGING: If, during the Accumulation Period, the portion of
your Contract values held under the General Account option is at least $5,000,  
or the value of your Accumulation Units held under the Hartford Money Market    
Sub-Account is at least $5,000, you may choose to have a specified dollar amount
transferred from either the General Account option or the Hartford Money Market 
Sub-Account, whichever meets the applicable minimum value, to other Sub-Accounts
of the Separate Account at monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual intervals  
("transfer intervals"). This is known as Dollar Cost Averaging. The main        
objective of a Dollar Cost Averaging program is to minimize the impact of short 
term price fluctuations. Since the same dollar amount is transferred to other   
Sub-Accounts at set intervals, more units are purchased in a Sub-Account if the 
value per unit is low and less units are purchased if the value per unit is     
high. Therefore, a                                                              

23

P-->485BPOS27th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 27th
lower average cost per unit may be achieved over the long term. A Dollar Cost   
Averaging program allows investors to take advantage of market fluctuations.    
However, it is important to understand that Dollar Cost Averaging does not      
assure a profit or protect against a loss in declining markets.                 

The minimum amount that may be transferred to any one Sub-Account at a  
transfer interval is $100. The transfer date will be the monthly, quarterly,    
semi-annual or annual anniversary, as applicable, of your first transfer under  
your initial Dollar Cost Averaging election. The first transfer will commence   
within five (5) business days after we receive your initial election either on  
an appropriate election form in good order or by telephone subject to the       
telephone transfer procedures detailed above. The dollar amount will be         
allocated to the Sub-Accounts that you specify, in the proportions that you     
specify on the appropriate election form that we provide or over our recorded   
telephone line. You may specify a maximum of five (5) Sub-Accounts. If, on any  
transfer date, your General Account value or the value of your Accumulation     
Units under the Money Market Sub-Account, as applicable, is less than the amount
you have elected to have transferred, your Dollar Cost Averaging program will   
end. You may cancel your Dollar Cost Averaging election by sending us a written 
notice at our Administrative Office or by calling one of our representatives at 
1-800-528-9009 and giving us notice on our recorded telephone line.             

HOW DO I KNOW WHAT MY PARTICIPANT ACCOUNT IS WORTH? 

 Your Participant Account value reflects the sum of the amounts under your
Participant Account allocated to the General Account option and the             
Sub-Accounts.                                                                   

  There are two things that affect your Sub-Account value: (1) the number of
Accumulation Units and (2) the Accumulation Unit value. The Sub-Account value is
determined by multiplying the number of Accumulation Units by the Accumulation  
Unit value. Therefore, on any Valuation Day the portion of your Participant     
Account allocated to the Sub-Accounts will reflect the investment performance of
the Sub-Accounts and will fluctuate with the performance of the underlying      
Funds.                                                                          

Contributions made or Contract values allocated to a Sub-Account are    
converted into Accumulation Units by dividing the amount of the Contribution or 
allocation, minus any Premium Taxes, by the Accumulation Unit value for that    
Valuation Day. The more Contributions or Contract values allocated to the       
Sub-Accounts under your Participant Account, the more Accumulation Units will be
reflected under your Participant Account. You decrease the number of            
Accumulation Units in a Sub-Account under your Participant Account by requesting
Surrenders, transferring money out of a Sub-Account, submitting a Death Benefit 
claim or by electing an annuity payout from your Participant Account.           

To determine the current Accumulation Unit value, we take the prior     
Valuation Day's Accumulation Unit value and multiply it by the Net Investment   
Factor for the current Valuation Day.                                           

    The Net Investment Factor is used to measure the investment performance of a
Sub-Account from one Valuation Day to the next. The Net Investment Factor for   
each Sub-Account is calculated by dividing (a) by (b) and subtracting           
(c) where:                                                                      

(a) is the net asset value per share of each Fund held in the Sub-Account at the
end of the current Valuation Day.                                       

(b) is the net asset value per share of each Fund held in the Sub-Account at the
end of the prior Valuation Day.                                         

(c) is the daily factor representing the mortality and expense risk charge and  
    any applicable administration charge deducted from the Sub-Account, adjusted
for the number of days in the Valuation Period, and any other applicable
charge.                                                                 

 We will send you a statement in each calendar quarter, that tells you how
many Accumulation Units you have, their value and your total Participant Account
value. You can also call 1-800-528-9009 to obtain your Participant Account      
value.                                                                          

HOW ARE THE UNDERLYING FUND SHARES VALUED? 

The shares of the Fund are valued at net asset value on a daily basis. A
complete description of the valuation method used in valuing Fund shares may be 
found in the accompanying prospectus of each Fund.                              

24

P-->485BPOS28th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 28th
DEATH BENEFITS

DETERMINATION OF THE BENEFICIARY: The Beneficiary is the person or persons
designated to receive payment of the death benefit upon the death of the        
Participant. If no designated Beneficiary remains living at the death of the    
Participant, the Participant's estate is the Beneficiary.                       

DEATH BEFORE THE ANNUITY COMMENCEMENT DATE: 

- DEATH PRIOR TO AGE 65: If the Participant dies before the Annuity     
  Commencement Date or the Participant's attainment of age 65 (whichever
     comes first) the Minimum Death Benefit is payable to the Beneficiary. The
     Minimum Death Benefit is the greater of (a) the Termination Value of your
      Participant Account determined as of the day we receive Due Proof of Death
    or (b) 100% of the total Contributions made to your Participant Account,
  reduced by any prior partial Surrenders. "Termination Value" means the
    value of a Participant's Account on any Valuation Day before the Annuity
    Commencement Date less any applicable Premium Taxes not already deducted
and any applicable contingent deferred sales charges.               

- DEATH ON OR AFTER AGE 65: If the Participant dies before the Annuity  
  Commencement Date but on or after the Participant's 65th birthday, the
      Beneficiary will receive the Termination Value of your Participant Account
as of the Date we receive Due Proof of Death at our Administrative  
Offices.                                                            

CALCULATION OF THE DEATH BENEFIT -- If the Participant dies before the  
Annuity Commencement Date, the death benefit will be calculated as of the date  
we receive Due Proof of Death. THE DEATH BENEFIT REMAINS INVESTED IN THE        
SEPARATE ACCOUNT AND/OR GENERAL ACCOUNT OPTION ACCORDING TO YOUR LAST           
INSTRUCTIONS UNTIL THE PROCEEDS ARE PAID OR WE RECEIVED NEW SETTLEMENT          
INSTRUCTIONS FROM THE BENEFICIARY. DURING THE TIME PERIOD BETWEEN OUR RECEIPT OF
DUE PROOF OF DEATH AND OUR RECEIPT OF THE COMPLETED SETTLEMENT INSTRUCTIONS, THE
CALCULATED DEATH BENEFIT WILL BE SUBJECT TO MARKET FLUCTUATIONS. UPON RECEIPT OF
COMPLETE SETTLEMENT INSTRUCTIONS, WE WILL CALCULATE THE PAYABLE AMOUNT.         

If the payable amount is taken in a single sum, payment will normally be
made within seven days of our receipt of completed settlement instructions.     

 You may apply the death benefit payment to any one of the Annuity payment
options under the Separate Account (see "Annuity payment options") instead of   
receiving the death benefit payment in a single sum. An election to receive     
payment of death benefits under an Annuity payment option must be made before a 
lump sum settlement and within one year after the death by written notice to us 
at our Administrative Offices. Proceeds due on death may be applied to provide  
variable payments, fixed payments, or a combination of variable and fixed       
payments. No election to provide Annuity payments will become operative unless  
the initial Annuity payment is at least $20 on either a variable or fixed basis,
or $20 on each basis when a combination benefit is elected. The manner in which 
the Annuity payments are determined and in which they may vary from month to    
month are the same as applicable to a Participant's Account after retirement    
(see "How are Contributions made to establish my Annuity Account?").            

DEATH ON OR AFTER THE ANNUITY COMMENCEMENT DATE: If the Annuitant dies on or
after the Annuity Commencement Date, we will make the payments described below  
to the Beneficiary under the following Annuity payment options, subject to the  
specific terms of those Annuity payment options:                                

x  Life Annuity (Option 1)                                                      

x  Life Annuity with 120, 180 or 240 Monthly Payments Certain (Option 2)        

x  Unit Refund Life Annuity (Option 3)                                          

x  Joint and Last Survivor Life Annuity (Option 4)                              

x  Payments for a Designated Period (Option 5)                                  

SETTLEMENT PROVISIONS 
IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION: THERE ARE CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON SECTION    
403(B) TAX-SHELTERED ANNUITIES. AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1988, ALL SECTION            
403(B) ANNUITIES HAVE LIMITS ON FULL AND PARTIAL SURRENDERS. CONTRIBUTIONS TO   
THE CONTRACT MADE AFTER DECEMBER 31, 1988 AND ANY INCREASES IN CASH VALUE AFTER 
DECEMBER 31, 1988 MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED UNLESS THE CONTRACT OWNER/EMPLOYEE HAS 
A) ATTAINED AGE                                                                 

25

P-->485BPOS29th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 29th
59 1/2, B) SEPARATED FROM SERVICE, C) DIED, D) BECOME DISABLED OR E) EXPERIENCED
FINANCIAL HARDSHIP (CASH VALUE INCREASES MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED FOR HARDSHIPS   
PRIOR TO AGE 59 1/2). DISTRIBUTIONS PRIOR TO AGE 59 1/2 DUE TO FINANCIAL        
HARDSHIP OR SEPARATION FROM SERVICE MAY STILL BE SUBJECT TO A PENALTY TAX OF    
10%. WE WILL NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR DETERMINING WHETHER A WITHDRAWAL 
IS PERMISSIBLE, WITH OR WITHOUT TAX PENALTY, IN ANY PARTICULAR SITUATION; OR IN 
MONITORING WITHDRAWAL REQUESTS REGARDING PRE OR POST JANUARY 1, 1989 CONTRACT   
VALUES. ANY FULL OR PARTIAL SURRENDER DESCRIBED ABOVE MAY AFFECT THE CONTINUING 
TAX-QUALIFIED STATUS OF SOME CONTRACTS OR PLANS AND MAY RESULT IN ADVERSE TAX   
CONSEQUENCES TO THE CONTRACT OWNER AND PARTICIPANTS. THE CONTRACT OWNER AND     
PARTICIPANTS, THEREFORE, SHOULD CONSULT WITH A TAX ADVISER BEFORE UNDERTAKING   
ANY SUCH SURRENDER. (SEE "FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS.")                         

  After termination of Contributions on behalf of a Participant prior to the
selected Annuity Commencement Date for that Participant, the Contract Owner will
have the following options:                                                     

1.  CONTINUE THE PARTICIPANT'S ACCOUNT UNDER THE CONTRACT. Under this option,   
when the selected Annuity Commencement Date arrives, payments will begin
   under the selected Annuity payment option. (See "Annuity payment options.")
    At any time in the interim, a Contract Owner may surrender the Participant's
Account for a lump sum cash settlement in accordance with 3. below.     

2.  TO PROVIDE ANNUITY PAYMENTS IMMEDIATELY. The values in a Participant's      
 Account may be applied, subject to contractual provisions, to provide for
Fixed or Variable Annuity payments, or a combination thereof, commencing
  immediately, under the selected Annuity payment option under the Contract.
(See "Annuity payment options.")                                        

3.  TO SURRENDER THE PARTICIPANT'S ACCOUNT IN A SINGLE SUM. The amount received 
  will be the net Termination Value next computed after we receive a written
surrender request for complete surrender at our Administrative Offices. 
    Payment will normally be made within seven days after we receive the written
request.                                                                

4.  TO REQUEST A PARTIAL SURRENDER OF THE PARTICIPANT'S ACCOUNT. Partial        
    surrenders are taken from the Sub-Account(s) that you specify. If you do not
 specify the Sub-Account(s), we will take the amount out of all applicable
  Sub-Account(s) on a pro rata basis. We will deduct any contingent deferred
sales charges from the partial Surrender. (See "Contract Charges.")     

 CAN PAYMENT OF THE SURRENDER VALUE EVER BE POSTPONED BEYOND THE SEVEN-DAY
PERIOD? 

    Yes. It may be postponed whenever (a) the New York Stock Exchange is closed,
except for holidays or weekends, or trading on the New York Stock Exchange is   
restricted as determined by the Securities and Exchange Commission; (b) the     
Securities and Exchange Commission permits postponement and so orders; or       
(c) the Securities and Exchange Commission determines that an emergency exists  
making valuation of the amounts or disposal of securities not reasonably        
practicable.                                                                    

MAY I SURRENDER ONCE ANNUITY PAYMENTS HAVE STARTED? 

   Except with respect to Annuity Payment Option 5 (on a variable basis), once
Annuity payments have commenced for an Annuitant, no Surrender of the Annuity   
benefit can be made for the purpose of receiving a partial withdrawal or a lump 
sum settlement. Any Surrender out of Option 5 will be subject to a Sales Charge,
if applicable.                                                                  

WHAT ARE ANNUITY RIGHTS? 

  Annuity Rights entitle the Contract Owner to have Annuity payments made at
the rates set forth in the Contract at the time of issue. Such rates are        
applicable to all amounts held in a Participant Account during the Accumulation 
Period which do not exceed a limit of five times the gross Contributions made to
that Participant Account during the Accumulation Period. Any amounts in excess  
of this limit may be applied at Annuity rates then being offered by us.         

HOW DO I ELECT AN ANNUITY COMMENCEMENT DATE AND ANNUITY PAYMENT OPTION? 

  The Contract Owner selects an Annuity Commencement Date, usually between a
Participant's 50th and 75th birthdays, and an Annuity payment option. The       
Annuity Commencement Date may be the first day of any month before or including 
the month of a Participant's 75th birthday, or an earlier date if prescribed by 
applicable law. In the absence of a written election to the contrary, the       
Annuity Commencement Date will be the first day of the month coinciding with or 
next following the Participant's 75th birthday.                                 

26

P-->485BPOS30th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 30th
The Annuity Commencement Date and/or the Annuity payment option may be  
changed from time to time, but any such change must be made at least 30 days    
prior to the date on which Annuity payments are scheduled to begin. Annuity     
payments will normally be made on the first business day of each month or       
another mutually agreed upon business day.                                      

  The contract contains five Annuity payment options that may be selected on
either a Fixed or Variable Annuity basis, or a combination thereof. If a        
Contract Owner does not elect otherwise, we reserve the right to begin Annuity  
payments at age 75 under Option 2 with 120 monthly payments certain. However, we
will not assume responsibility in determining or monitoring minimum             
distributions beginning at age 70 1/2 (see "Federal Tax Consequences").         

WHAT IS THE MINIMUM AMOUNT THAT I MAY SELECT FOR AN ANNUITY PAYMENT? 

    The minimum Annuity payment is $20. No election may be made which results in
a first payment of less than $20. If at any time Annuity payments are or become 
less than $20 we have the right to change the frequency of payment to intervals 
that will result in payments of at least $20.                                   

HOW ARE CONTRIBUTIONS MADE TO ESTABLISH AN ANNUITY ACCOUNT? 

During the Annuity Period, Contract values and any allowable additional 
Contributions made by the Contract Owner for the purpose of effecting Annuity   
payments under the Contract are, based upon the information received from the   
Contract Owner, applied to establish Annuitant's Accounts under the Contracts to
provide Fixed or Variable Annuity payments.                                     

For Contracts issued to Deferred Compensation Plans, at the end of the  
Accumulation Period there is an automatic transfer of all DC-I values from the  
Participant's Account to DC-II to establish an Annuitant's Account with respect 
to DC-II. Such a transfer is effected by a transfer of ownership of DC-I        
interests in the underlying securities to DC-II. The value of a Participant's   
Account that is transferred to DC-II will be without application of any sales   
charges or other expenses, with the exception of charges for any applicable     
Premium Taxes.                                                                  

CAN A CONTRACT BE SUSPENDED BY A CONTRACT OWNER? 

A Contract may be suspended by the Contract Owner by giving us written  
notice at least 90 days before the effective date of the suspension at our      
Administrative Office. A Contract will be suspended automatically on its        
anniversary if the Contract Owner fails to assent to any modification of a      
Contract. (See "Can a Contract be modified?") In this context, such             
modifications would have become effective on or before that anniversary.        

 Upon suspension, we will continue to accept Contributions, subject to the
terms of the Contract, as such terms are applicable to Participant's Accounts   
under the Contracts prior to such suspension. However, no Contributions will be 
accepted on behalf of any new Participant Accounts. Annuitants at the time of   
any suspension will continue to receive their Annuity payments. The suspension  
of a Contract will not preclude a Contract Owner form applying existing         
Participant's Accounts to the purchase of Fixed or Variable Annuity benefits.   

ANNUITY PAYMENT OPTIONS: 

    OPTION 1: LIFE ANNUITY where we make monthly Annuity payments for as long as
the Annuitant lives.                                                            

-  Payments under this option stop with the last monthly payment preceding the  
death of the Annuitant, even if the Annuitant dies after one payment. This
  option offers the maximum level of monthly payments of any of the other life
   annuity options (Options 2-4) since there is no guarantee of a minimum number
of payments nor a provision for a death benefit payable to a Beneficiary. 

  OPTION 2: LIFE ANNUITY WITH 120, 180 OR 240 MONTHLY PAYMENTS CERTAIN where
we make monthly payments for the life of the Annuitant with the provision that  
payments will be made for a minimum of 120, 180 or 240 months, as elected. If,  
at the death of the Annuitant, payments have been made for less than the minimum
elected number of months, then any remaining guaranteed monthly payments will be
paid to the Beneficiary unless other provisions have been made and approved by  
us.                                                                             

27

P-->485BPOS31st Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 31st
    OPTION 3: UNIT REFUND LIFE ANNUITY where we make monthly payments during the
life of the Annuitant terminating with the last payment due prior to the death  
of the Annuitant, except that an additional payment will be made to the         
Beneficiary if (a) below exceeds (b) below:                                     

     total amount applied under the option
(a)  =                    at the Annuity Commencement Date                    
      --------------------------------------------------------------------
     Annuity Unit value at the Annuity Commencement Date

  number of Annuity Units represented by         number of monthly
(b)  =  each monthly Annuity payment made         X    Annuity payments made  

The amount of the additional payments is determined by multiplying the  
excess, if any, by the Annuity Unit value as of the date we receive Due Proof of
Death.                                                                          

OPTION 4: JOINT AND LAST SURVIVOR ANNUITY where we make monthly payments
during the joint lifetime of the Annuitant and a designated individual (called  
the joint Annuitant) and then throughout the remaining lifetime of the survivor,
ending with the last payment prior to the death of the survivor.                

-  When the Annuity is purchased, the Annuitant elects what percentage (50%, 66 
   2/3%, or 100%) of the monthly Annuity payment will continue to be paid to the
survivor.                                                                 

-  Under this Option 4, it would be possible for an Annuitant and joint         
Annuitant to receive only one payment in the event of the common or       
   simultaneous death of the Annuitant and joint Annuitant prior to the due date
for the second payment.                                                   

 OPTION 5: PAYMENTS FOR A DESIGNATED PERIOD where we agree to make monthly
payments for the number of years selected. Under the Contracts, the minimum     
number of years is five. In the event of the Annuitant's death prior to the end 
of the designated period, any then remaining balance of proceeds will be paid in
one sum to the Beneficiary unless other provisions have been made and approved  
by us.                                                                          

-  Option 5 does not involve life contingencies and does not provide any        
mortality guarantee.                                                      

   Surrenders are subject to the limitations set forth in the Contract and any
applicable contingent deferred sales charges. (See "Contract Charges.")         

UNDER ANY OF THE ANNUITY PAYMENT OPTIONS ABOVE, EXCEPT OPTION 5 (ON A   
VARIABLE BASIS), NO SURRENDERS ARE PERMITTED AFTER ANNUITY PAYMENTS COMMENCE.   
   OPTIONS 2 AND 5 ARE AVAILABLE ONLY IF THE GUARANTEED ANNUITY PAYMENT PERIOD
IS LESS THAN THE LIFE EXPECTANCY OF THE ANNUITANT AT THE TIME THE OPTION BECOMES
EFFECTIVE. SUCH LIFE EXPECTANCY SHALL BE COMPUTED ON THE BASIS OF THE MORTALITY 
TABLE PRESCRIBED BY THE IRS OR, IF NONE IS PRESCRIBED, THE MORTALITY TABLE THEN 
IN USE BY US.                                                                   
WE MAY OFFER OTHER ANNUITY PAYMENT OPTIONS FROM TIME TO TIME.           

HOW ARE VARIABLE ANNUITY PAYMENTS DETERMINED? 

  The value of the Annuity Unit for each Sub-Account in the Separate Account
for any day is determined by multiplying the value for the preceding day by the 
product of (1) the Net Investment Factor (see "How is the Accumulation Unit     
value determined?") for the day for which the Annuity Unit value is being       
calculated, and (2) a factor to neutralize the assumed net investment rate      
discussed below.                                                                

  The value of the Contract is determined as the product of the value of the
Accumulation Unit credited to each Sub-Account no earlier than the close of     
business on the fifth business day preceding the date the first Annuity payment 
is due and the number of Accumulation Units credited to each Sub-Account as of  
the date the Annuity is to commence.                                            

The first monthly payment varies according to the Annuity payment option
selected. The Contract cites Annuity tables derived from the 1983a Individual   
Annuitant Mortality Table with an assumed interest rate ("A.I.R.") of 4.00% per 
annum. The total first monthly Annuity payment is determined by multiplying the 
value (expressed in thousands of dollars) of a Sub-Account (less any applicable 
Premium Taxes) by the amount of the first monthly payment per $1,000 of value   
obtained from the tables in the contracts. With respect to Fixed Annuities only,
the current rate will be applied if it is higher than the rate under the tables 
in the Contract.                                                                

28

P-->485BPOS32nd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 32nd
    Level Annuity payments would be provided if the net investment rate remained
constant and equal to the A.I.R. In fact, payments will vary up or down in the  
proportion that the net investment rate varies up or down from the A.I.R. A     
higher A.I.R. may produce a higher initial payment but more slowly rising and   
more rapidly falling subsequent payments than would a lower interest rate       
assumption.                                                                     

The amount of the first monthly Annuity payment, determined as described
above, is divided by the value of an Annuity Unit for the appropriate           
Sub-Account not later than the fifth business day preceding the day on which the
payment is due in order to determine the number of Annuity Units represented by 
the first payment. This number of Annuity Units remains fixed during the Annuity
Period, and in each subsequent month the dollar amount of the Annuity payment is
determined by multiplying this fixed number of Annuity Units by the then current
Annuity Unit value.                                                             

The Annuity payments will be made on the date selected. The Annuity Unit
value used in calculating the amount of the Annuity payments will be based on an
Annuity Unit value determined as of the close of business on a day not more than
the fifth business day preceding the date of the Annuity payment.               

Here is an example of how a Variable Annuity is determined:             

ILLUSTRATION OF ANNUITY PAYMENTS: 
(UNISEX) AGE 65, LIFE ANNUITY WITH 120 PAYMENTS CERTAIN 

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                           
 A. Net amount applied........................................  $139,782.50
 B. Initial monthly income per $1,000 of payment applied......         6.13
 C. Initial monthly payment (A X B  DIVIDED BY 1,000).........  $    856.87
 D. Annuity Unit Value........................................        3.125
 E. Number of monthly annuity units (C  DIVIDED BY D)               274.198
 F. Assume annuity unit value for second month equal to.......        2.897
 G. Second monthly payment (F X E)............................  $    794.35
 H. Assume annuity unit value for third month equal to........        3.415
 I. Third month payment (H X E)                                 $    936.39

The above figures are simply to illustrate the calculation of a Variable
Annuity and have no bearing on the actual historical record of any Separate     
Account.                                                                        

FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS
   WHAT ARE SOME OF THE FEDERAL TAX CONSEQUENCES WHICH AFFECT THESE CONTRACTS?

A. GENERAL 

Since the federal tax law is complex, the tax consequences of purchasing
this contract will vary depending on your situation. You may need tax or legal  
advice to help you determine whether purchasing this contract is right for you. 

    Our general discussion of the tax treatment of this contract is based on our
understanding of federal income tax laws as they are currently interpreted. A   
detailed description of all federal income tax consequences regarding the       
purchase of this contract cannot be made in the prospectus. We also do not      
discuss state, municipal or other tax laws that may apply to this contract. For 
detailed information, you should consult with a qualified tax adviser familiar  
with your situation.                                                            

B. HARTFORD AND DC-I AND DC-II 

    DC-I is not taxed as a part of Hartford. The taxation of DC-I is governed by
Subchapter M of Chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"). By distributing substantially all of the net income and realized       
capital gains of DC-I to Contract Owners no federal income tax liability will be
incurred by DC-I on the income and gain so distributed. While we have no reason 
to believe that DC-I will be taxed other than as described above, in the event  
that it is, the taxation of DC-I and DC-II would be identical.                  

DC-II is taxed as part of Hartford which is taxed as a life insurance   
company in accordance with the Code. Accordingly, DC-II will not be taxed as a  
"regulated investment company" under Subchapter M of the Code. Investment income
and any realized capital gains on the assets of DC-II are reinvested and are    
taken into                                                                      

29

P-->485BPOS33rd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 33rd
account in determining the value of the Accumulation and Annuity Units. (See    
"How is the Accumulation Unit value determined?") As a result, such investment  
income and realized capital gains are automatically applied to increase reserves
under the contract.                                                             

   No taxes are due on interest, dividends and short-term or long-term capital
gains earned by DC-II with respect to qualified or non-qualified contracts.     

C. INFORMATION REGARDING TAX-QUALIFIED RETIREMENT PLANS 

    This summary does not attempt to provide more than general information about
the federal income tax rules associated with use of a Contract by a             
tax-qualified retirement plan. Because of the complexity of the federal tax     
rules, owners, participants and beneficiaries are encouraged to consult their   
own tax advisors as to specific tax consequences.                               

   The federal tax rules applicable to owners of Contracts under tax-qualified
retirement plans vary according to the type of plan as well as the terms and    
conditions of the plan itself. Contract owners, plan participants and           
beneficiaries are cautioned that the rights and benefits of any person may be   
controlled by the terms and conditions of the tax-qualified retirement plan     
itself, regardless of the terms and conditions of a Contract. We are not bound  
by the terms and conditions of such plans to the extent such terms conflict with
a Contract, unless we specifically consent to be bound.                         

 Some tax-qualified retirement plans are subject to distribution and other
requirements that are not incorporated into our administrative procedures.      
Contract owners, participants and beneficiaries are responsible for determining 
that contributions, distributions and other transactions comply with applicable 
law. Tax penalties may apply to transactions with respect to tax-qualified      
retirement plans if applicable federal income tax rules and restrictions are not
carefully observed.                                                             

   We do not currently offer the Contracts in connection with all of the types
of tax-qualified retirement plans discussed below and may not offer the         
Contracts for all types of tax-qualified retirement plans in the future.        

1. TAX-QUALIFIED PENSION OR PROFIT-SHARING PLANS                            

Eligible employers can establish certain tax-qualified pension and      
  profit-sharing plans under section 401 of the Code. Rules under section 401(k)
of the Code govern certain "cash or deferred arrangements" under such plans.
Rules under section 408(k) govern "simplified employee pensions."           
Tax-qualified pension and profit-sharing plans are subject to limitations on
the amount that may be contributed, the persons who may be eligible to      
  participate and the time when distributions must commence. Employers intending
to use the Contracts in connection with tax-qualified pension or            
profit-sharing plans should seek competent tax and other legal advice.      

2. TAX SHELTERED ANNUITIES UNDER SECTION 403(b)                             

  Public schools and certain types of charitable, educational and scientific
organizations, as specified in section 501(c)(3) of the Code, can purchase  
tax-sheltered annuity contracts for their employees. Tax-deferred           
contributions can be made to tax-sheltered annuity contracts under          
section 403(b) of the Code, subject to certain limitations. Generally, such 
contributions may not exceed the lesser of $10,500 (indexed) or 20% of the  
  employee's "includable compensation" for such employee's most recent full year
  of employment, subject to other adjustments. Special provisions under the Code
may allow some employees to elect a different overall limitation.           

Tax-sheltered annuity programs under section 403(b) are subject to a    
PROHIBITION AGAINST DISTRIBUTIONS FROM THE CONTRACT ATTRIBUTABLE TO         
CONTRIBUTIONS MADE PURSUANT TO A SALARY REDUCTION AGREEMENT, unless such    
distribution is made:                                                       

- after the participating employee attains age 59 1/2;                  

- upon separation from service;                                         

- upon death or disability; or                                          

- in the case of hardship (and in the case of hardship, any income      
attributable to such contributions may not be distributed).         

30

P-->485BPOS34th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 34th
    Generally, the above restrictions do not apply to distributions attributable
to cash values or other amounts held under a section 403(b) contract as of      
December 31, 1988.                                                              

3. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS UNDER SECTION 457                            

  A governmental employer or a tax-exempt employer other than a governmental
  unit can establish a Deferred Compensation Plan under section 457 of the Code.
For these purposes, a "governmental employer" is a State, a political       
subdivision of a State, or an agency or an instrumentality of a State or    
political subdivision of a State. Employees and independent contractors     
performing services for a governmental or tax-exempt employer can elect to  
have contributions made to a Deferred Compensation Plan of their employer in
accordance with the employer's plan and section 457 of the Code.            

   Deferred Compensation Plans that meet the requirements of section 457(b) of
the Code are called "eligible" Deferred Compensation Plans. Section 457(b)  
limits the amount of contributions that can be made to an eligible Deferred 
Compensation Plan on behalf of a participant. Generally, the limitation on  
  contributions is 33 1/3% of a participant's includable compensation (typically
 25% of gross compensation) or, for 2000, $8,000 (indexed), whichever is less.
 The plan may provide for additional "catch-up" contributions during the three
taxable years ending before the year in which the participant attains normal
retirement age.                                                             

   All of the assets and income of an eligible Deferred Compensation Plan of a
governmental employer must be held in trust for the exclusive benefit of    
  participants and their beneficiaries. For this purpose, custodial accounts and
certain annuity contracts are treated as trusts. The requirement of a trust 
does not apply to amounts under a Deferred Compensation Plan of a tax-exempt
 (non-governmental) employer. In addition, the requirement of a trust does not
  apply to amounts under a Deferred Compensation Plan of a governmental employer
if the Deferred Compensation Plan is not an eligible plan within the meaning
of section 457(b) of the Code. In the absence of such a trust, amounts under
the plan will be subject to the claims of the employer's general creditors. 

 In general, distributions from an eligible Deferred Compensation Plan are
prohibited under section 457 of the Code unless made after the participating
employee:                                                                   

- attains age 70 1/2,                                                   

- separates from service,                                               

- dies, or                                                              

- suffers an unforeseeable financial emergency as defined in the Code.  

Under present federal tax law, amounts accumulated in a Deferred        
Compensation Plan under section 457 of the Code cannot be transferred or    
rolled over on a tax-deferred basis except for certain transfers to other   
Deferred Compensation Plans under section 457 in limited cases.             

4. INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ANNUITIES ("IRAS") UNDER SECTION 408               

   TRADITIONAL IRAS.  Eligible individuals can establish individual retirement
  programs under section 408 of the Code through the purchase of an IRA. Section
408 imposes limits with respect to IRAs, including limits on the amount that
may be contributed to an IRA, the amount of such contributions that may be  
  deducted from taxable income, the persons who may be eligible to contribute to
an IRA, and the time when distributions commence from an IRA. Distributions 
 from certain tax-qualified retirement plans may be "rolled-over" to an IRA on
a tax-deferred basis.                                                       

SIMPLE IRAS.  Eligible employees may establish SIMPLE IRAs in connection
with a SIMPLE IRA plan of an employer under section 408(p) of the Code.     
Special rollover rules apply to SIMPLE IRAs. Amounts can be rolled over from
  one SIMPLE IRA to another SIMPLE IRA. However, amounts can be rolled over from
 a SIMPLE IRA to a Traditional IRA only after two years have expired since the
employee first commenced participation in the employer's SIMPLE IRA plan.   
Amounts cannot be rolled over to a SIMPLE IRA from a qualified plan or a    
Traditional IRA. Hartford is a non-designated financial institution for     
purposes of the SIMPLE IRA rules.                                           

   ROTH IRAS.  Eligible individuals may establish Roth IRAs under section 408A
of the Code. Contributions to a Roth IRA are not deductible. Subject to     
special limitations, a Traditional IRA may be converted into a              

31

P-->485BPOS35th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 35th
  Roth IRA or a distribution from a Traditional IRA may be rolled over to a Roth
 IRA. However, a conversion or a rollover from a Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA
 is not excludable from gross income. If certain conditions are met, qualified
distributions from a Roth IRA are tax-free.                                 

5. FEDERAL TAX PENALTIES AND WITHHOLDING                                    

Distributions from tax-qualified retirement plans are generally taxed as
 ordinary income under section 72 of the Code. Under these rules, a portion of
 each distribution may be excludable from income. The excludable amount is the
portion of the distribution that bears the same ratio as the after-tax      
contributions bear to the expected return.                                  

(A) PENALTY TAX ON EARLY DISTRIBUTIONS                                  

    Section 72(t) of the Code imposes an additional penalty tax equal to 10%
of the taxable portion of a distribution from certain tax-qualified     
retirement plans. However, the 10% penalty tax does not apply to a      
distributions that is:                                                  

- Made on or after the date on which the employee reaches age 59 1/2;   

  - Made to a beneficiary (or to the estate of the employee) on or after the
death of the employee;                                              

    - Attributable to the employee's becoming disabled (as defined in the Code);

- Part of a series of substantially equal periodic payments (not less   
   frequently than annually) made for the life (or life expectancy) of the
    employee or the joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of the employee
and his or her designated beneficiary;                              

 - Except in the case of an IRA, made to an employee after separation from
service after reaching age 55; or                                   

  - Not greater than the amount allowable as a deduction to the employee for
eligible medical expenses during the taxable year.                  

     In addition, the 10% penalty tax does not apply to a distribution from an
IRA that is:                                                            

- Made after separation from employment to an unemployed IRA owner for  
health insurance premiums, if certain conditions are met;           

- Not in excess of the amount of certain qualifying higher education    
expenses, as defined by section 72(t)(7) of the Code; or            

- A qualified first-time homebuyer distribution meeting the requirements
specified at section 72(t)(8) of the Code.                          

   If you are a participant in a SIMPLE IRA plan, you should be aware that
the 10% penalty tax is increased to 25% with respect to non-exempt early
    distributions made from your SIMPLE IRA during the first two years following
 the date you first commenced participation in any SIMPLE IRA plan of your
employer.                                                               

(B) MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION PENALTY TAX                                    

    If the amount distributed is less than the minimum required distribution
   for the year, the Participant is subject to a 50% penalty tax on the amount
that was not properly distributed.                                      

      An individual's interest in a tax-qualified retirement plan generally must
be distributed, or begin to be distributed, not later than the Required 
Beginning Date. Generally, the Required Beginning Date is April 1 of the
calendar year following the later of:                                   

- the calendar year in which the individual attains age 70 1/2; or      

 - the calendar year in which the individual retires from service with the
employer sponsoring the plan.                                       

   The Required Beginning Date for an individual who is a five (5) percent
    owner (as defined in the Code), or who is the owner of an IRA, is April 1 of
the calendar year following the calendar year in which the individual   
attains age 70 1/2.                                                     

   The entire interest of the Participant must be distributed beginning no
later than the Required Beginning Date over:                            

- the life of the Participant or the lives of the Participant and the   
Participant's designated beneficiary, or                            

32

P-->485BPOS36th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 36th
   - over a period not extending beyond the life expectancy of the Participant
 or the joint life expectancy of the Participant and the Participant's
designated beneficiary.                                             

 Each annual distribution must equal or exceed a "minimum distribution
amount" which is determined by dividing the account balance by the      
    applicable life expectancy. This account balance is generally based upon the
 account value as of the close of business on the last day of the previous
calendar year. In addition, minimum distribution incidental benefit     
rules may require a larger annual distribution.                         

     If an individual dies before reaching his or her Required Beginning Date,
  the individual's entire interest must generally be distributed within five
years of the individual's death. However, this rule will be deemed      
satisfied, if distributions begin before the close of the calendar year 
following the individual's death to a designated beneficiary and        
distribution is over the life of such designated beneficiary (or over a 
   period not extending beyond the life expectancy of the beneficiary). If the
beneficiary is the individual's surviving spouse, distributions may be  
delayed until the individual would have attained age 70 1/2.            

      If an individual dies after reaching his or her Required Beginning Date or
    after distributions have commenced, the individual's interest must generally
 be distributed at least as rapidly as under the method of distribution in
effect at the time of the individual's death.                           

(C) WITHHOLDING                                                         

  In general, regular wage withholding rules apply to distributions from
   IRAs and plans described in section 457 of the Code. Periodic distributions
from other tax-qualified retirement plans that are made for a specified 
period of 10 or more years or for the life or life expectancy of the    
   participant (or the joint lives or life expectancies of the participant and
  beneficiary) are generally subject to federal income tax withholding as if
the recipient were married claiming three exemptions. The recipient of  
   periodic distributions may generally elect not to have withholding apply or
  to have income taxes withheld at a different rate by providing a completed
election form.                                                          

Mandatory federal income tax withholding at a flat rate of 20% will 
generally apply to other distributions from such other tax-qualified    
retirement plans unless such distributions are:                         

- the non-taxable portion of the distribution;                          

- required minimum distributions; or                                    

- direct transfer distributions.                                        

     Direct transfer distributions are direct payments to an IRA or to another
eligible retirement plan under Code section 401(a)(31).                 

     Certain states require withholding of state taxes when federal income tax
is withheld.                                                            

D. DIVERSIFICATION OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT 

 The Code requires that investments supporting your contract be adequately
diversified. Code Section 817 provides that a variable annuity contract will not
be treated as an annuity contract for any period during which the investments   
made by the separate account or underlying fund are not adequately diversified. 
If a contract is not treated as an annuity contract, the contract owner will be 
subject to income tax on annual increases in cash value.                        

  The Treasury Department's diversification regulations require, among other
things, that:                                                                   

   - no more than 55% of the value of the total assets of the segregated asset
account underlying a variable contract is represented by any one    
investment,                                                         

- no more than 70% is represented by any two investments,               

- no more than 80% is represented by any three investments and          

- no more than 90% is represented by any four investments.              

    In determining whether the diversification standards are met, all securities
of the same issuer, all interests in the same real property project, and all    
interests in the same commodity are each treated as a single investment. In the 
case of government securities, each government agency or instrumentality is     
treated as a separate issuer.                                                   

33

P-->485BPOS37th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 37th
   A separate account must be in compliance with the diversification standards
on the last day of each calendar quarter or within 30 days after the quarter    
ends. If an insurance company inadvertently fails to meet the diversification   
requirements, the company may still comply within a reasonable period and avoid 
the taxation of contract income on an ongoing basis. However, either the company
or the contract owner must agree to pay the tax due for the period during which 
the diversification requirements were not met.                                  

  We monitor the diversification of investments in the separate accounts and
test for diversification as required by the Code. We intend to administer all   
contracts subject to the diversification requirements in a manner that will     
maintain adequate diversification.                                              

E. OWNERSHIP OF THE ASSETS IN THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT                              

    In order for a variable annuity contract to qualify for tax deferral, assets
in the separate accounts supporting the contract must be considered to be owned 
by the insurance company and not by the contract owner. It is unclear under what
circumstances an investor is considered to have enough control over the assets  
in the separate account to be considered the owner of the assets for tax        
purposes.                                                                       

The IRS has issued several rulings discussing investor control. These   
rulings say that certain incidents of ownership by the contract owner, such as  
the ability to select and control investments in a separate account, will cause 
the contract owner to be treated as the owner of the assets for tax purposes.   

In its explanation of the diversification regulations, the Treasury     
Department recognized that the temporary regulations "do not provide guidance   
concerning the circumstances in which investor control of the investments of a  
segregated asset account may cause the investor, rather than the insurance      
company, to be treated as the owner of the assets in the account." The          
explanation further indicates that "the temporary regulations provide that in   
appropriate cases a segregated asset account may include multiple sub-accounts, 
but do not specify the extent to which policyholders may direct their           
investments to particular sub-accounts without being treated as the owners of   
the underlying assets. Guidance on this and other issues will be provided in    
regulations or revenue rulings under Section 817(d), relating to the definition 
of variable contract."                                                          

The final regulations issued under Section 817 did not provide guidance 
regarding investor control, and as of the date of this prospectus, guidance has 
yet to be issued. We do not know if additional guidance will be issued. If      
guidance is issued, we do not know if it will have a retroactive effect.        

Due to the lack of specific guidance on investor control, there is some 
uncertainty about when a contract owner is considered the owner of the assets   
for tax purposes. We reserve the right to modify the contract, as necessary, to 
prevent you from being considered the owner of assets in the separate account.  

F. CONTRACTS OWNED BY NON-NATURAL PERSONS 

Code Section 72 contains provisions for contract owners which are not   
natural persons. Non-natural persons include corporations, trusts, limited      
liability companies, partnerships and other types of legal entities. The tax    
rules for contracts owned by non-natural persons are different from the         
rules for contracts owned by individuals. For example, the annual net increase  
in the value of the contract is currently includible in the gross income of a   
non-natural person, unless the non-natural person holds the contract as an agent
for a natural person. There are additional exceptions from current inclusion    
for:                                                                            

- certain annuities held by structured settlement companies,            

- certain annuities held by an employer with respect to a terminated    
qualified retirement plan and                                       

- certain immediate annuities.                                          

  A non-natural person which is a tax-exempt entity for federal tax purposes
will not be subject to income tax as a result of this provision.                

If the contract owner is a non-natural person, the primary annuitant is 
treated as the contract owner in applying mandatory distribution rules. These   
rules require that certain distributions be made upon the death of the contract 
owner. A change in the primary annuitant is also treated as the death of the    
contract owner.                                                                 

G. ANNUITY PURCHASES BY NONRESIDENT ALIENS AND FOREIGN CORPORATIONS 

The discussion above provides general information regarding U.S. federal
income tax consequences to annuity purchasers that are U.S. citizens or         
residents. Purchasers that are not U.S. citizens or residents will              

34

P-->485BPOS38th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 38th
generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax and withholding on annuity      
distributions at a 30% rate, unless a lower treaty rate applies. In addition,   
purchasers may be subject to state premium tax, other state and/or municipal    
taxes, and taxes that may be imposed by the purchaser's country of citizenship  
or residence. Prospective purchasers are advised to consult with a qualified tax
adviser regarding U.S., state, and foreign taxation with respect to an annuity  
purchase.                                                                       

MORE INFORMATION

CAN A CONTRACT BE MODIFIED? 

   Subject to any federal and state regulatory restrictions, we may modify the
Contracts at any time by written agreement between the Contract Owner and us. No
modification will affect the amount or term of any Annuities begun prior to the 
effective date of the modification, unless it is required to conform the        
Contract to, or give the Contract Owner the benefit of, any federal or state    
statutes or any rule or regulation of the U.S. Treasury Department or the       
Internal Revenue Service.                                                       

  On or after the fifth anniversary of any Contract we may change, from time
to time, any or all of the terms of the Contracts by giving 90 days advance     
written notice to the Contract Owner, except that the Annuity tables, guaranteed
interest rates and the contingent deferred sales charges which are applicable at
the time a Participant's Account is established under a Contract, will continue 
to be applicable.                                                               

We reserve the right to modify the Contract at any time if such         
modification: (i) is necessary to make the Contract or the Separate Account     
comply with any law or regulation issued by a governmental agency to which we   
are subject; or (ii) is necessary to assure continued qualification of the      
contract under the Code or other federal or state laws relating to retirement   
annuities or annuity contracts; or (iii) is necessary to reflect a change in the
operation of the Separate Account or the Sub-Account(s); or (iv) provides       
additional Separate Account options; or (v) withdraws Separate Account options. 
In the event of any such modification we will provide notice to the Contract    
Owner or to the payee(s) during the Annuity period. Hartford may also make      
appropriate endorsement in the Contract to reflect such modification.           

CAN HARTFORD WAIVE ANY RIGHTS UNDER A CONTRACT? 

    We may, at our sole discretion, elect not to exercise a right or reservation
specified in this Contract. If we elect not to exercise a right or reservation, 
we are not waiving it. We may decide to exercise a right or a reservation that  
we previously did not exercise.                                                 

HOW ARE THE CONTRACTS SOLD? 

  Hartford Securities Distribution Company, Inc. ("HSD") serves as Principal
Underwriter for the securities issued with respect to the Separate Account. Both
HSD and Hartford are ultimately controlled by The Hartford Financial Services   
Group, Inc. HSD is an affiliate of Hartford. Hartford's parent company          
indirectly owns 100% of HSD. The principal business address of HSD is the same  
as that of Hartford.                                                            

    The securities will be sold by salespersons of HSD who represent Hartford as
insurance and variable annuity agents and who are registered representatives or 
Broker-Dealers who have entered into distribution agreements with HSD.          

  HSD is registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 as a Broker-Dealer and is a member of the National Association of          
Securities Dealers, Inc.                                                        

Commissions will be paid by Hartford and will not be more than 5.0% of  
Contributions and 0.25% annually on Participants' Account values. Sales         
compensation may be reduced. Hartford may pay or permit other promotional       
incentives, in cash or credit or other compensation.                            

Broker-dealers or financial institutions are compensated according to a 
schedule set forth by HSD and any applicable rules or regulations for variable  
insurance compensation. Compensation is generally based on premium payments made
by policyholders or contract owners. This compensation is usually paid from the 
sales charges described in this Prospectus.                                     

In addition, a broker-dealer or financial institution may also receive  
additional compensation for, among other things, training, marketing or other   
services provided. HSD, its affiliates or Hartford may also make compensation   
arrangements with certain broker-dealers or financial institutions based on     
total sales by the broker-dealer or financial institution of insurance products.
These payments, which may be different for                                      

35

P-->485BPOS39th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 39th
different broker-dealers or financial institutions, will be made by HSD, its    
affiliates or Hartford out of their own assets and will not effect the amounts  
paid by the policyholders or contract owners to purchase, hold or surrender     
variable insurance products.                                                    

WHO IS THE CUSTODIAN OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNTS' ASSETS? 

Hartford is the custodian of the Separate Accounts' assets.             

 ARE THERE ANY MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AFFECTING THE SEPARATE ACCOUNTS?

There are no material legal proceedings pending to which the Separate   
Account is a party. Counsel with respect to Federal laws and regulations        
applicable to the issue and sale of the contracts and with respect to           
Connecticut law is Lynda Godkin, General Counsel, Hartford Life Insurance       
Company, P.O. Box 2999, Hartford, CT 06104-2999.                                

ARE YOU RELYING ON ANY EXPERTS AS TO ANY PORTION OF THIS PROSPECTUS? 

   The audited financial statements and financial statement schedules included
in this registration statement have been audited by Arthur Andersen LLP,        
independent public accountants, as indicated in their reports with respect      
thereto, and are included herein in reliance upon the authority of said firm as 
experts in giving said reports. The principal business address of Arthur        
Andersen LLP is One Financial Plaza, Hartford, Connecticut 06103.               

HOW MAY I GET ADDITIONAL INFORMATION? 

Inquiries will be answered by calling 1-800-528-9009 or your sales      
representative or by writing to:                                                

Hartford Life Insurance Company                                         
P.O. Box 1583                                                           
Hartford, CT 06144-1583                                                 

You can also send inquiries to us electronically by Internet through our
website at http://retire.hardfordlife.com.                                      

36

P-->485BPOS40th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 40th
APPENDIX
ACCUMULATION PERIOD UNDER PRIOR 
GROUP CONTRACTS 

  Such contracts are no longer being issued. Contract Owners may continue to
make Contributions to the contracts subject to the following charges.           

A. DEDUCTIONS UNDER THE PRIOR GROUP CONTRACTS FOR SALES EXPENSES, THE MINIMUM   
DEATH BENEFIT GUARANTEE AND ANY APPLICABLE PREMIUM TAXES                  

Contributions made to a Participant's Individual Account pursuant to the
terms of the prior contracts are subject to the following deductions:           

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                    MINIMUM    TOTAL AS %
                                                                TOTAL     SALES      DEATH       OF NET  
AGGREGATE CONTRIBUTION AMOUNTS TO THE SUB ACCOUNTS' INVESTED  DEDUCTION  EXPENSES   BENEFIT      AMOUNT  
------------------------------------------------------------  ---------  --------   --------   ----------
DEDUCTIONS                                                               PORTION REPRESENTING            
                                                                                                         
On the first $2,500.......................................      7.00%     6.25%       .75%        7.53%  
On the next $47,500.......................................      3.50%     2.75%       .75%        3.63%  
On the next $50,000.......................................      2.00%     1.25%       .75%        2.04%  
On the excess over $100,000...............................      1.00%      .25%       .75%        1.01%  

---------                                                                       

* This illustration does not assume the payment of any Premium Taxes.           

Under the schedule of deductions shown above, all amounts contributed on
behalf of a Participants Individual Account to the Hartford Bond and Hartford   
Stock Sub-Accounts are aggregated to determine if a particular level of         
deductions has been reached. Thus, if a Contribution has been made on behalf of 
a Participant's Account in the amount of $100 and total Contributions of $2,450 
have already been made on his or her behalf, the first $50 of the payment will  
be subject to a deduction of 7.00% and the remainder to a percentage of 3.50%.  

Notwithstanding the above, on variable only contracts and on combination
fixed and/or variable contracts where the annualized stipulated purchase        
payments or Contributions with respect to all Participants shall equal or       
approximate $250,000 at the end of the second anniversary of the contract, the  
sales and minimum death benefits deduction on the aggregate Contributions up to 
and including $2,500 with respect to each Participant shall be at the rate of 5%
rather than 7%.                                                                 

   Hartford reserves the right to limit any increase in the Contributions made
to a Participant's Individual Account to not more than three times the total    
Contributions made on behalf of such Participant during the initial 12          
consecutive months of the Account's existence under the contract of the present 
guaranteed deduction rates. Increases in excess of those described will be      
accepted only with the consent of Hartford and subject to the then current      
deductions being made for sales charges, the Minimum Death Benefit guarantee and
mortality and expense undertaking.                                              

Each contract provides for experience rating of the deduction for sales 
expenses and/or the Annual Maintenance Fee. In order to experience rate a       
contract, actual sales costs applicable to a particular contract are determined.
If the costs exceed the amounts deducted for such expenses, no additional       
deduction will be made. If, however, the amounts deducted for such expenses     
exceed actual costs, Hartford, in its discretion, may allocate all, a portion,  
or none of such excess as an experience rating credit. If such an allocation is 
made, the experience credit will be made as considered appropriate: (1) by a    
reduction in the amount deducted from subsequent contributions for sales        
expenses; (2) by the crediting of a number of additional Accumulation Units or  
by Annuity Units, as applicable, without deduction of any sales or other        
expenses therefrom; (3) or by waiver of the Annual Maintenance Fees or by a     
combination of the above. To date experience rating credits have been provided  
on certain cases.                                                               

37

P-->485BPOS41st Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 41st
B. DEDUCTIONS FOR MORTALITY AND EXPENSE ADMINISTRATIVE UNDERTAKINGS, ANNUAL     
CONTRACT FEE AND PREMIUM TAXES                                            
1. MORTALITY AND EXPENSE UNDERTAKINGS                                       

Although variable annuity payments made under the contracts will vary in
accordance with the investment performance of the Fund shares, the payments 
will not be affected by (a) Hartford's actual expenses, if greater than the 
deductions provided for in the contracts, or (b) Hartford's actual mortality
experience among Annuitants after retirement because of the expense and     
mortality undertakings by Hartford.                                         

In providing an expense undertaking, Hartford assumes the risk that the 
deductions for sales expenses, the Annual Maintenance Fee and the Minimum   
 Death Benefit during the Accumulation Period may be insufficient to cover the
actual costs of providing such items.                                       

    The mortality undertaking provided by Hartford under the contracts, assuming
the selection of one of the forms of life annuities, is to make monthly     
annuity payments (determined in accordance with the annuity tables and other
provisions contained in the contract) to Contract Owners or Annuitant's     
Accounts regardless of how long an Annuitant may live and regardless of how 
long all Annuitants as a group may live. This undertaking assures a Contract
Owner that neither the longevity of an Annuitant nor an improvement in life 
expectancy will have any adverse effect on the monthly annuity payments the 
  Employees will receive under the contract. It thus relieves the Contract Owner
from the risk that Participants in the Plan will outlive the funds          
accumulated.                                                                

   The mortality undertaking is based on Hartford's actuarial determination of
expected mortality rates among all Annuitants. If actual experience among   
Annuitants deviates from Hartford's actuarial determination of expected     
mortality rates among Annuitants because, as a group, their longevity is    
 longer than anticipated, Hartford must provide amounts from its general funds
to fulfill its contract obligations. In that event, a loss will fall on     
  Hartford. Conversely, if longevity among Annuitants is lower than anticipated,
a gain will result to Hartford.                                             

  For assuming these risks Hartford makes a minimum daily charge against the
value of the average daily assets held under DC-I and DC-II, as appropriate,
 of 1.25% with respect to the Hartford Bond, Hartford Stock and Hartford Money
Market Sub-Accounts where available, on an annual basis. This rate may be   
 periodically increased by Hartford subject to a maximum annual rate of 2.00%.
 However, no increase will occur unless the Securities and Exchange Commission
first approves this increase.                                               

2. ANNUAL MAINTENANCE FEE                                                   

 There will be an Annual Maintenance Fee deduction in the amount of $10.00
from the value of each such Participant's Individual Account under the      
contracts, except as set forth below.                                       

 This fee will be deducted from the value of each such account on the last
 business day of each calendar year; provided, however, that if the value of a
Participant's Individual Account is redeemed in full at any time before the 
last business day of the each Participant's Contract year, then the Annual  
 Maintenance Fee charge will be deducted from the proceeds of such redemption.
  No contract fee deduction will be made during the Annuity Payment period under
the contracts.                                                              

In the event that the Contributions made on behalf of a Participant are 
allocated partially to the fixed annuity portion of the Participant's       
Individual Account and partially to the variable annuity portion of the     
Participant's Individual Account, then the Annual Maintenance Fee will be   
deducted first from the value of the fixed annuity portion of the           
  Participant's Individual Account. If the value of the fixed annuity portion of
 the Participant's Individual Account is insufficient to pay the fee, then any
  deficit will be deducted from the value of the variable annuity portion of the
Participant's Individual Account in the following manner: if there are no   
accumulation units in the General Account or if their value is less than    
 $10.00, the General Account portion of an account will be made against values
held in the Hartford Stock Sub-Account of DC-I. If the Hartford Stock       
Sub-Account values are insufficient to cover the fee, the fee shall be      
deducted from the account values held in the Hartford Bond Sub-Account of   
  DC-I. The fee is not applicable to the Hartford Money Market Sub-Account where
 available. In the even that the Contributions made on behalf of a Participant
are allocated partially to the General Account and partially to the Separate
Account, the Annual Maintenance Fee will be charged against the Separate    
Account and General Account on a pro rata basis.                            

38

P-->485BPOS42nd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 42nd
3. PREMIUM TAXES                                                            

  A deduction is also made for Premium Taxes, if applicable. On any contract
subject to Premium Taxes, the tax will be deducted from Contributions when  
  received, from the proceeds at surrender, or from the amount applied to effect
an annuity at the time annuity payments commence.                           

39

P-->485BPOS43rd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 43rd
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
FOR 
STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

                                                                [Download Table]

SECTION                                                       PAGE
-------                                                       ----

DESCRIPTION OF HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY..............      
SAFEKEEPING OF ASSETS.......................................      
INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS..............................      
DISTRIBUTION OF CONTRACTS...................................      
CALCULATION OF YIELD AND RETURN.............................      
PERFORMANCE COMPARISONS.....................................      
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS........................................      

40

P-->485BPOS44th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 44th
This form must be completed for all tax-sheltered annuities.                    

SECTION 403(b)(11) ACKNOWLEDGMENT FORM

   The Hartford Variable Annuity Contract which you have recently purchased is
subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Tax Reform Act of 1986.          
Contributions to the Contract after December 31, 1988 and any increases in cash 
value after December 31, 1988 may not be distributed to you unless you have:    

a. attained age 59 1/2                                            

b. separated from service                                         

c. died, or                                                       

d. become disabled.                                               

Distributions of post December 31, 1988 Contributions (excluding any income     
thereon) may also be made if you have experienced a financial hardship. Also    
there may be a 10% penalty tax for distributions made prior to age 59 1/2       
because of financial hardship or separation from service. Also, please be aware 
that your 403(b) plan may also offer other financial alternatives other than the
Hartford variable annuity. Please refer to your Plan.                           

Please complete the following and return to:                                    

Hartford Life Insurance Company                                         
P.O. Box 1583                                                           
Hartford, CT 06144-1583                                                 

    Name of Contractholder/Participant _________________________________________
    Address ____________________________________________________________________
    City or Plan/School District _______________________________________________
    Date _______________________________________________________________________

P-->485BPOS45th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 45th
To obtain a Statement of Additional                                     
Information, complete the form below and mail to:                               

Hartford Life Insurance Company                                         
P.O. Box 1583                                                           
Hartford, CT 06144-1583                                                 

Please send a Statement of Additional                                   
Information for Separate Account DC-I and Separate                              
Account Two (DC-II) (Form HV-1009-30) to me at the                              
following address:                                                              

_________________________________________                               
Name                              

_________________________________________                             
Address                             

_________________________________________                             
City/State               Zip Code                             

P-->485BPOS46th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 46th
PRINCIPAL UNDERWRITER                                                 
Hartford Securities Distribution Company, Inc. (HSD)                  
Hartford Plaza, Hartford, CT 06115
INSURER                                                               
Hartford Life Insurance Company                                       
Executive Offices: P.O. Box 1583                                      
Hartford, CT 06144-1583
HV-1009-30                                                          

 HARTFORD
 LIFE INSURANCE
 COMPANY

                                                       DC VARIABLE ACCOUNT-I AND
                                                 SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO PROSPECTUS
                                                     INCLUDING THE PROSPECTUS OF
                                                                       THE FUNDS

                                                           EFFECTIVE MAY 1, 2000

                                                Group Variable Annuity Contracts

                                                                          [LOGO]
                                                                   HARTFORD LIFE

HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
P.O. BOX 1583, HARTFORD, CT 06144-1583 
                                                             BULK RATE
                                                            U.S. POSTAGE
                                                            PAID
                                                            PERMIT NO. 1
                                                             HARTFORD, CONN.

P-->485BPOS47th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 47th
-2- 

PART B
 STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

 HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
SEPARATE ACCOUNT DC-I AND SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO (DC-II)

Group Variable Annuity Contracts Issued by
 Hartford Life Insurance Company
With Respect to DC-I and DC-II

This Statement of Additional Information is not a Prospectus. The information   
contained herein should be read in conjunction with the Prospectus.             

To obtain a Prospectus, send a written request to Hartford Life Insurance       
Company, P.O. Box 1583, Hartford, CT 061144-1583.                               

Date of Prospectus:  May 1, 2000                                                
Date of Statement of Additional Information:  May 1, 2000
33-19949/33-19947
HV-1009                                                                         

P-->485BPOS48th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 48th
-3-                     

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
SECTION                                                   PAGE                  
-------                                                   -----                 

DESCRIPTION OF HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY........      4                   
SAFEKEEPING OF ASSETS ................................      4                   
INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS........................      4                   
DISTRIBUTION OF CONTRACTS.............................      4                   
CALCULATION OF YIELD AND RETURN.......................      5                   
PERFORMANCE COMPARISONS...............................     12                   
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS..................................                          

P-->485BPOS49th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 49th
-4- 

DESCRIPTION OF HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

Hartford Life Insurance Company is a stock life insurance company engaged in the
business of writing life insurance, both individual and group, in all states of 
the United States and the District of Columbia. We were originally incorporated 
under the laws of Massachusetts on June 5, 1902, and subsequently redomiciled to
Connecticut. Our offices are located in Simsbury, Connecticut; however, our     
mailing address is P.O. Box 1583, Hartford, CT 061144-1583. We are ultimately   
controlled by The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., one of the largest   
financial service providers in the United States.                               

HARTFORD'S RATINGS

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Effective                                           
     Rating Agency               Date of Rating    Rating     Basis of Rating          
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       
A.M. Best and Company, Inc.          1/1/99          A+    Financial performance       
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Standard & Poor's                    8/1/99          AA    Insurer financial strength  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Duff & Phelps                        7/1/99          AA+   Claims paying ability       
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Moody's                              7/1/99          Aa3   Insurer financial strength  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 SAFEKEEPING OF ASSETS

Title to the assets of the Separate Account is held by Hartford. These assets   
are kept physically segregated and are held separate and apart from Hartford's  
general corporate assets. Records are maintained of all purchases and           
redemptions of Fund shares held in each of the Sub-Accounts.                    

 INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

The audited financial statements and financial statement schedules included in  
this registration statement have been audited by Arthur Andersen LLP,           
independent public accountants, as indicated in their reports with respect      
thereto, and are included herein in reliance upon the authority of said firm as 
experts in giving said reports. The principal business address of Arthur        
Andersen LLP is One Financial Plaza, Hartford, Connecticut 06103.               

 DISTRIBUTION OF CONTRACTS

Hartford Securities Distribution Company, Inc. ("HSD") serves as Principal      
Underwriter for the securities issued with respect to the Separate Account. HSD 
is an affiliate of Hartford. Both HSD and Hartford are ultimately controlled by 
The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. The principal business address of   
HSD is the same as Hartford.                                                    

P-->485BPOS50th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 50th
-5- 

The securities will be sold by salespersons of HSD who represent Hartford as    
insurance and Variable Annuity agents and who are registered representatives    
of Broker-Dealers who have entered into distribution agreements with HSD.       

HSD is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the         
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a Broker-Dealer and is a member of the       
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD"). Compensation will    
be paid by Hartford to registered representatives for the sale of Contracts     
up to a maximum of 7% on Contributions and .50% annually on Individual          
Participant's Account Values. Sales compensation may be reduced.                

Hartford currently pays HSD underwriting commissions for its role as            
Principal Underwriter of all variable annuities associated with this Separate   
Account. For the past three years, the aggregate dollar amount of               
underwriting commissions paid to and retained by HSD in its role as Principal   
Underwriter has been: 1999: $159,553,734; 1998: $4,072,980 and 1997:            
$3,657,643. For the applicable time periods, HSD has retained none of these     
commissions.                                                                    

The offering of the Separate Account contracts is continuous.                   

 CALCULATION OF YIELD AND RETURN

YIELD OF A MONEY MARKET SUB-ACCOUNTS. As summarized in the Prospectus under     
the heading "Performance Related Information," the yield of a money market      
Sub-Account for a seven day period (the "base period") will be computed by      
determining the "net change in value" of a hypothetical account having a        
balance of one unit at the beginning of the period, dividing the net change     
in account value by the value of the account at the beginning of the base       
period to obtain the base period return, and multiplying the base period        
return by 365/7 with the resulting yield figure carried to the nearest          
hundredth of one percent. Net changes in value of a hypothetical account will   
include net investment income of the account (accrued dividends as declared     
by the underlying funds, less expense and Contract charges of the account)      
for the period, but will not include realized gains or losses or unrealized     
appreciation or depreciation on the underlying fund shares.                     

The effective yield is calculated by compounding the base period return by      
adding 1, raising the sum to a power equal to 365/7 and subtracting 1 from      
the result, according to the following formula:                                 

                             365/7
Effective Yield = [(Base Period Return + 1)     ] - 1         

HARTFORD MONEY MARKET HLS SUB-ACCOUNT'S YIELD AND EFFECTIVE YIELD WILL VARY IN  
RESPONSE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES AND IN THE EXPENSES OF THE           
SUB-ACCOUNT. THE CURRENT YIELD                                                  

P-->485BPOS51st Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 51st
-6- 

AND EFFECTIVE YIELD REFLECT RECURRING CHARGES ON THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT LEVEL,    
INCLUDING THE MAXIMUM ANNUAL MAINTENANCE FEE.                                   
YIELD AND EFFECTIVE YIELD FOR THE SEVEN-DAY PERIOD ENDING DECEMBER 31, 1999 

                                                                [Download Table]

DCI (.75% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge)                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------     
SUB-ACCOUNT                  YIELD             EFFECTIVE YIELD                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
Hartford Money Market HLS    4.59%                  4.70%                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------     


DCI (.90% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge)                   
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------  
SUB-ACCOUNT                             YIELD         EFFECTIVE YIELD          
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                                               
Hartford Money Market HLS               4.45%              4.54%               
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------  


DCII (1.25% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge)                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUB-ACCOUNT                         YIELD           EFFECTIVE YIELD            
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               
Hartford Money Market HLS           4.09%                4.18%                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

YIELD OF SUB-ACCOUNTS. As summarized in the Prospectus under the heading        
"Performance Related Information," yields of Sub-Accounts will be computed by   
annualizing a recent month's net investment income, divided by a Fund share's   
net asset value on the last trading day of that month. Net changes in the       
value of a hypothetical account will assume the change in the underlying        
mutual fund's "net asset value per share" for the same period in addition to    
the daily expense charge assessed, at the sub-account level for the             
respective period. The Sub-Accounts' yields will vary from time to time         
depending upon market conditions and, the composition of the underlying         
funds' portfolios. Yield should also be considered relative to changes in the   
value of the Sub-Accounts' shares and to the relative risks associated with     
the investment objectives and policies of the underlying Fund.                  

THE YIELD REFLECTS RECURRING CHARGES ON THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT LEVEL, INCLUDING   
THE ANNUAL MAINTENANCE FEE.                                                     

Yield calculations of the Sub-Accounts used for illustration purposes reflect   
the interest earned by the Sub-Accounts, less applicable asset charges          
assessed against a Contract Owner's account over the base period. Yield         
quotations based on a 30 day period were computed by dividing the dividends     
and interests earned during the period                                          

P-->485BPOS52nd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 52nd
-7- 

by the maximum offering price per unit on the last day of the period, according 
to the following formula:                                                       

Example:                                                                        
                                           6
Current Yield Formula for the Sub-Account  2[((A-B)/(CD) + 1)  - 1]             

Where     A = Dividends and interest earned during the period.                  
B = Expenses accrued for the period (net of reimbursements).
C = The average daily number of units outstanding           
during the period that were entitled to receive     
dividends.                                          
          D = The maximum offering price per unit on the last day of the period.

At any time in the future, yields and total return may be higher or lower       
than past yields and there can be no assurance that any historical results      
will continue.                                                                  

 YIELD QUOTATION BASED ON A 30-DAY PERIOD ENDING DECEMBER 31, 1999

                                                                [Download Table]

DCI (.75% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge)                  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sub-Accounts                                                       Yield      
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              
Hartford Bond HLS                                                  6.22%      
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS                                   6.04%      
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


DCI (.90% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge)                  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Sub Accounts                                                   Yield          
---------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                              
Hartford Bond HLS                                              6.06%          
---------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS                               5.88%          
---------------------------------------------------------------------------   


DCII (1.25% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge)                
----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Sub-Accounts                                                    Yield         
----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                                              
Hartford Bond HLS                                                5.69%        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS                                 5.51%        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

CALCULATION OF TOTAL RETURN. As summarized in the Prospectus under the          
heading "Performance Related Information", total return is a measure of the     
change in value of an investment in a Sub-Account over the period covered.      
The formula for total return used herein includes three steps: (1)              
calculating the value of the hypothetical initial investment of $1,000 as of    
the end of the period by multiplying the total number of units owned at the     
end of the period by the unit value per unit on the last trading day of the     

P-->485BPOS53rd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 53rd
-8- 

period; (2) assuming redemption at the end of the period and deducting any      
applicable contingent deferred sales charge and (3) dividing this account       
value for the hypothetical investor by the initial $1,000 investment and        
annualizing the result for periods of less than one year. Standardized total    
return will be calculated since the inception of the Separate Account for one   
year, five years and ten years or some other relevant periods if a              
Sub-Account has not been in existence for at least ten years.                   

The following are the standardized average annual total return quotations for   
the Sub-Accounts:                                                               

STANDARDIZED AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN FOR YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 

DCI (.75% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge)                    

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUB-ACCOUNT                          SEPARATE    1 YEAR    5 YEAR       10-YEAR     SINCE INCEPTION
                                     ACCOUNT                                          OF SEPARATE  
                                    INCEPTION                                           ACCOUNT    
                                      DATE                                                         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                   
Hartford Advisers HLS                  3/31/88    4.27%      18.88%        12.50%       N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Bond HLS                      3/31/88   -7.61%      5.65%          5.94%       N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Capital Appreciation          3/31/88   29.61%      23.20%        18.32%       N/A        
HLS                                                                                                
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS        3/8/94   -0.70%      20.20%          N/A      17.38%       
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Index HLS                     3/31/88   13.61%      26.15%        16.11%       N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford International                  7/2/90   31.87%      13.35%          N/A       8.86%       
Opportunities HLS                                                                                  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS       3/31/88   -4.28%      5.57%          5.65%       N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Stock HLS                     3/31/88   12.94%      26.73%        16.42%       N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Money Market HLS              3/31/88   -1.09%      3.30%          3.68%       N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Calvert Social Balanced               12/31/88    5.86%      16.08%        10.55%       N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STANDARDIZED AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN FOR YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 

DCI (.90% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge)                    

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUB-ACCOUNT                          SEPARATE    1 YEAR      5 YEAR     10-YEAR    SINCE INCEPTION 
                                      ACCOUNT                                         OF SEPARATE  
                                     INCEPTION                                          ACCOUNT    
                                       DATE                                                        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                   
Hartford Advisers HLS                  3/31/88    4.12%      18.74%     12.43%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

P-->485BPOS54th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 54th
                                      -9-                                                          


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUB-ACCOUNT                          SEPARATE    1 YEAR      5 YEAR     10-YEAR    SINCE INCEPTION 
                                      ACCOUNT                                         OF SEPARATE  
                                     INCEPTION                                          ACCOUNT    
                                       DATE                                                        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                   
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Bond HLS                      3/31/88   -7.75%      5.53%       5.88%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Capital Appreciation          3/31/88   29.42%      23.06%     18.25%          N/A        
HLS                                                                                                
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS        3/8/94   -0.85%      20.07%       N/A         17.27%       
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Index HLS                     3/31/88   13.44%      26.03%     16.06%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford International                  7/2/90   31.67%      13.22%       N/A          8.80%       
Opportunities HLS                                                                                  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS       3/31/88   -4.42%      5.45%       5.59%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Stock HLS                     3/31/88   12.78%      26.58%     16.36%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Money Market HLS              3/31/88   -1.24%      3.19%       3.62%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Calvert Social Balanced               12/31/88    5.70%      15.94%     10.48%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STANDARDIZED AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN FOR YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 

DCII (1.25% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge)                  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUB-ACCOUNT                         SEPARATE    1 YEAR      5 YEAR      10-YEAR   SINCE INCEPTION  
                                     ACCOUNT                                        OF SEPARATE    
                                    INCEPTION                                          ACCOUNT     
                                      DATE                                                         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                   
Hartford Advisers HLS                 3/31/88    3.81%      18.60%      12.60%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Bond HLS                     3/31/88   -8.07%      5.69%        6.07%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Capital Appreciation         3/31/88   29.02%      22.77%      18.30%          N/A        
HLS                                                                                                
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS       3/8/94   -1.20%      19.82%        N/A         17.00%       
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Index HLS                    3/31/88   13.53%      26.07%      16.30%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford International                 7/2/90   31.22%      13.24%        N/A          9.00%       
Opportunities HLS                                                                                  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS      3/31/88   -4.75%      5.61%        5.77%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Stock HLS                    3/31/88   12.40%      26.25%      16.42%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Money Market HLS             3/31/88   -1.59%      3.35%        3.80%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Calvert Social Balanced              12/31/88    5.33%      15.85%      10.67%          N/A        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On March 31, 1988, DC Variable Account II was transferred to Separate Account   
Two and became a division thereof.                                              

P-->485BPOS55th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 55th
-10-

In addition to standardized total return, the Sub-Accounts may advertise non-   
standardized total return that pre-dates the inception date of the Separate     
Account. This non-standardized total return is calculated by assuming that the  
Sub-Accounts have been in existence for the same periods as the underlying funds
and by taking deductions for charges equal to those currently assessed by the   
Sub-Accounts. Non-standardized total return figures are net of total fund       
operating expenses, the actual charge for mortality, expense risk and           
administrative undertakings and do not take into account contingent deferred    
sales charges and the Annual Maintenance Fee. Therefore, non-standardized total 
return for a Sub-Account is higher than standardized total return for a Sub-    
Account.                                                                        

The non-standardized annualized total return for the Sub-Accounts listed        
below were as follows:                                                          

 NON-STANDARDIZED ANNUALIZED TOTAL RETURN THAT PRE-DATED THE
INCEPTION DATE OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT FOR YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 1999

DCI (.75% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge) (1)                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUB-ACCOUNT                            FUND     1 YEAR     5 YEAR      10-YEAR   SINCE INCEPTION  
                                     INCEPTION                                      OF FUND       
                                       DATE                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                  
Hartford Advisers HLS                  3/31/83    9.76%     19.72%      12.79%         N/A        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Bond HLS                      8/31/77   -2.75%     6.74%        6.27%         N/A        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Capital Appreciation           4/2/84   36.43%     23.93%      18.51%         N/A        
HLS                                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS        3/8/94    4.53%     21.01%        N/A        17.99%       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Index HLS                      5/1/87   19.59%     26.81%      16.33%         N/A        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford International                  7/2/90   38.81%     14.36%        N/A         9.21%       
Opportunities HLS                                                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS        1/1/85    0.76%     6.65%        5.97%         N/A        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Stock HLS                     8/31/77   18.89%     27.38%      16.64%         N/A        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Money Market HLS              6/30/80    4.11%     4.37%        3.99%         N/A        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Calvert Social Balanced               12/31/88   11.43%     17.00%      10.88%         N/A        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)  Where the charge for mortality, expense risk and administrative            
   undertakings is reduced for a Contract, the above charge will be replaced
by the actual charge for that Contract.                               

NON-STANDARDIZED ANNUALIZED TOTAL RETURN THAT PRE-DATE THE
INCEPTION DATE OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT FOR YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 1999

P-->485BPOS56th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 56th
-11-

DCI (.90% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge) (1)                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUB-ACCOUNT                            FUND     1 YEAR      5 YEAR     10-YEAR  SINCE INCEPTION  
                                    INCEPTION                                      OF FUND       
                                      DATE                                                       
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                 
Hartford Advisers HLS                 3/31/83    9.60%      19.58%     12.72%         N/A        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Bond HLS                     8/31/77   -2.89%      6.62%       6.21%         N/A        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Capital Appreciation          4/2/84   36.23%      23.79%     18.44%         N/A        
HLS                                                                                              
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS       3/8/94    4.37%      20.87%       N/A        17.83%       
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Index HLS                     5/1/87   19.41%      26.69%     16.28%         N/A        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford International                 7/2/90   38.60%      14.23%       N/A         9.15%       
Opportunities HLS                                                                                
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS       1/1/85    0.61%      6.54%       5.92%         N/A        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Stock HLS                    8/31/77   18.71%      27.24%     16.57%         N/A        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Money Market HLS             6/30/80    3.96%      4.25%       3.93%         N/A        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Calvert Social Balanced              12/31/88   11.26%      16.87%     10.82%         N/A        
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)  Where the charge for mortality, expense risk and administrative            
   undertakings is reduced for a Contract, the above charge will be replaced
by the actual charge for that Contract.                               

NON-STANDARDIZED ANNUALIZED TOTAL RETURN THAT PRE-DATE THE
INCEPTION DATE OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT FOR YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 1999

DCII (l.25% mortality, expense risk and administrative charge) (1)              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUB-ACCOUNT                           FUND     1 YEAR     5 YEAR    10-YEAR  SINCE INCEPTION   
                                    INCEPTION                                    OF FUND       
                                      DATE                                                     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                               
Hartford Advisers HLS                 3/31/83    9.27%     19.32%    12.60%         N/A        
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Bond HLS                     8/31/77   -3.23%     6.34%      6.07%         N/A        
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Capital Appreciation          4/2/84   35.81%     23.51%    18.30%         N/A        
HLS                                                                                            
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS       3/8/94    4.01%     20.55%      N/A        17.61%       
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Index HLS                     5/1/87   19.50%     26.74%    16.30%         N/A        
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford International                 7/2/90   38.12%     13.93%      N/A         9.00%       
Opportunities HLS                                                                              
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

P-->485BPOS57th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 57th
                                      -12-                                                     

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUB-ACCOUNT                           FUND     1 YEAR     5 YEAR    10-YEAR  SINCE INCEPTION   
                                    INCEPTION                                    OF FUND       
                                      DATE                                                     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                               
Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS       1/1/85    0.26%     6.25%      5.77%         N/A        
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Stock HLS                    8/31/77   18.31%     26.92%    16.42%         N/A        
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hartford Money Market HLS             6/30/80    3.59%     3.98%      3.80%         N/A        
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Calvert Social Balanced              12/31/88   10.88%     16.56%    10.67%         N/A        
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)  Where the charge for mortality, expense risk and administrative            
   undertakings is reduced for a Contract, the above charge will be replaced
by the actual charge for that Contract.                               

 PERFORMANCE COMPARISONS

YIELD AND TOTAL RETURN. Each Sub-Account may from time to time include its      
total return in advertisements or in information furnished to present or        
prospective shareholders. Each Sub-Account may from time to time include its    
yield and total return in advertisements or information furnished to present    
or prospective shareholders. Each Sub-Account may from time to time include     
in advertisements its total return (and yield in the case of certain            
Sub-Accounts) the ranking of those performance figures relative to such         
figures for groups of other annuities analyzed by Lipper Analytical Services    
as having the same investment objectives.                                       

The total return and yield may also be used to compare the performance of the   
Sub-Accounts against certain widely acknowledged outside standards or indices   
for stock and bond market performance. The Standard & Poor's Composite Index    
of 500 Stocks (the "S&P 500") is a market value-weighted and unmanaged index    
showing the changes in the aggregate market value of 500 stocks relative to     
the base period 1941-43. The S&P 500 is composed almost entirely of common      
stocks of companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange, although the         
common stocks of a few companies listed on the American Stock Exchange or       
traded over-the-counter are included. The 500 companies represented include     
400 industrial, 60 transportation and 40 financial services concerns. The S&P   
500 represents about 80% of the market value of all issues traded on the New    
York Stock Exchange.                                                            

The NASDAQ-OTC Price Index (the "NASDAQ Index") is a market value-weighted      
and unmanaged index showing the changes in the aggregate market value of        
approximately 3,500 stocks relative to the base measure of 100.00 on February   
5, 1971. The NASDAQ Index is composed entirely of common stocks of companies    
traded over-the-counter and often through the National Association of           
Securities Dealers Automated Quotations ("NASDAQ") system. Only those           
over-the-counter stocks having only one market maker or traded on exchanges     
are excluded.                                                                   
The Shearson Lehman Government Bond Index (the "SL Government Index") is a      

P-->485BPOS58th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 58th
-13-

measure of the market value of all public obligations of the U.S. Treasury;     
all publicly issued debt of all agencies of the U.S. Government and all         
quasi-federal corporations; and all corporate debt guaranteed by the U.S.       
Government. Mortgage-backed securities, flower bonds and foreign targeted       
issues are not included in the SL Government Index.                             

The Shearson Lehman Government/Corporate Bond Index (the "SL                    
Government/Corporate Index") is a measure of the market value of                
approximately 5,300 bonds with a face value currently in excess of $1.3         
trillion. To be included in the SL Government/Corporate Index, an issue must    
have amounts outstanding in excess of $1 million, have at least one year to     
maturity and be rated "Baa" or higher ("investment grade") by a nationally      
recognized rating agency.                                                       

The Composite Index for Hartford Advisers HLS Fund is comprised of the S&P      
500 (55%), the Lehman Government/Corporate Bond Index (35%), both mentioned     
above, and 90 Day U.S. Treasury Bills (10%).                                    

P-->485BPOS59th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 59th
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TO HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                              
DC VARIABLE ACCOUNT-I AND TO THE OWNERS OF UNITS OF INTEREST THEREIN:           

We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities of        
Hartford Life Insurance Company DC Variable Account-I (Bond Fund, Stock Fund,   
Money Market Fund, Advisers Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Mortgage Securities
Fund, Index Fund, International Opportunities Fund, Dividend and Growth Fund and
Calvert Social Balanced Portfolio) (collectively, the Account) as of            
December 31, 1999, and the related statements of operations and the statements  
of changes in net assets for the periods presented. These financial statements  
are the responsibility of the Account's management. Our responsibility is to    
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.           

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing          
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting 
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes 
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by      
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. 
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.          

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in   
all material respects, the financial position of the Account as of December 31,
1999, and the results of their operations and the changes in their net assets   
for the periods presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting      
principles.                                                                     

Hartford, Connecticut                                                           
February 17, 2000                                            ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

------------------------------------ SA-1 ------------------------------------- 

P-->485BPOS60th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 60th
DC VARIABLE ACCOUNT-I                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                            
DECEMBER 31, 1999 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                                       MONEY MARKET
                                             BOND FUND    STOCK FUND       FUND    
                                            SUB-ACCOUNT  SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                            -----------  ------------  ------------

ASSETS:                                                                            
  Investments:                                                                     
    Hartford Bond HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                 
     Class IA                                                                      
      Shares 35,027,942                                                            
      Cost $35,075,750                                                             
      Market Value......................... $34,812,940       --           --      
    Hartford Stock HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                
     Class IA                                                                      
      Shares 90,929,970                                                            
      Cost $372,743,476                                                            
      Market Value.........................     --       $649,911,779      --      
    Hartford Money Market HLS Fund, Inc. -                                         
     Class IA                                                                      
      Shares 37,464,148                                                            
      Cost $37,464,148                                                             
      Market Value.........................     --            --       $37,464,148 
    Hartford Advisers HLS Fund, Inc. -                                             
     Class IA                                                                      
      Shares 241,575,706                                                           
      Cost $491,569,828                                                            
      Market Value.........................     --            --           --      
    Hartford Capital Appreciation HLS                                              
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                         
      Shares 80,058,557                                                            
      Cost $268,461,947                                                            
      Market Value.........................     --            --           --      
    Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS                                               
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                         
      Shares 16,383,834                                                            
      Cost $17,409,616                                                             
      Market Value.........................     --            --           --      
    Hartford Index HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                
     Class IA                                                                      
      Shares 45,178,039                                                            
      Cost $113,674,627                                                            
      Market Value.........................     --            --           --      
    Hartford International Opportunities                                           
     HLS Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                     
      Shares 27,540,897                                                            
      Cost $33,916,402                                                             
      Market Value.........................     --            --           --      
    Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS                                               
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                         
      Shares 25,067,270                                                            
      Cost $40,459,306                                                             
      Market Value.........................     --            --           --      
    Calvert Social Balanced Portfolio                                              
      Shares 12,019,049                                                            
      Cost $21,192,688                                                             
      Market Value.........................     --            --           --      
  Due from Hartford Life Insurance                                                 
   Company.................................     22,065        --           --      
  Receivable from fund shares sold.........     --            534,856      188,721 
                                            -----------  ------------  ----------- 
  Total Assets............................. 34,835,005    650,446,635   37,652,869 
                                            -----------  ------------  ----------- 
LIABILITIES:                                                                       
  Due to Hartford Life Insurance Company...     --            534,821      187,172 
  Payable for fund shares purchased........     22,040        --           --      
                                            -----------  ------------  ----------- 
  Total Liabilities........................     22,040        534,821      187,172 
                                            -----------  ------------  ----------- 
  Net Assets (variable annuity contract                                            
   liabilities)............................ $34,812,965  $649,911,814  $37,465,697 
                                            ===========  ============  =========== 
Deferred annuity contracts in the                                                  
 accumulation period:                                                              
Group Sub-Accounts:                                                                
  Units owned by participants..............  7,196,751     28,665,974   12,051,487 
  Unit values*............................. $ 4.837317   $  22.671890  $  3.108803 

*Unit value amounts represent an average of individual unit values, which differ
within each sub-account.                                                        

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.      
------------------------------------ SA-2 ------------------------------------- 

P-->485BPOS61st Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 61st
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                                                CAPITAL          MORTGAGE                      INTERNATIONAL   
                                            ADVISERS FUND  APPRECIATION FUND  SECURITIES FUND   INDEX FUND   OPPORTUNITIES FUND
                                             SUB-ACCOUNT      SUB-ACCOUNT       SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT      SUB-ACCOUNT    
                                            -------------  -----------------  ---------------  ------------  ------------------

ASSETS:                                                                                                                        
  Investments:                                                                                                                 
    Hartford Bond HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                             
     Class IA                                                                                                                  
      Shares 35,027,942                                                                                                        
      Cost $35,075,750                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --              --                --               --             --          
    Hartford Stock HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                            
     Class IA                                                                                                                  
      Shares 90,929,970                                                                                                        
      Cost $372,743,476                                                                                                        
      Market Value.........................      --              --                --               --             --          
    Hartford Money Market HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                     
     Class IA                                                                                                                  
      Shares 37,464,148                                                                                                        
      Cost $37,464,148                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --              --                --               --             --          
    Hartford Advisers HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                         
     Class IA                                                                                                                  
      Shares 241,575,706                                                                                                       
      Cost $491,569,828                                                                                                        
      Market Value......................... $716,217,371         --                --               --             --          
    Hartford Capital Appreciation HLS                                                                                          
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                     
      Shares 80,058,557                                                                                                        
      Cost $268,461,947                                                                                                        
      Market Value.........................      --          $487,987,969          --               --             --          
    Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS                                                                                           
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                     
      Shares 16,383,834                                                                                                        
      Cost $17,409,616                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --              --             $17,030,864         --             --          
    Hartford Index HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                            
     Class IA                                                                                                                  
      Shares 45,178,039                                                                                                        
      Cost $113,674,627                                                                                                        
      Market Value.........................      --              --                --          $189,240,864        --          
    Hartford International Opportunities                                                                                       
     HLS Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                 
      Shares 27,540,897                                                                                                        
      Cost $33,916,402                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --              --                --               --          $51,664,932    
    Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS                                                                                           
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                     
      Shares 25,067,270                                                                                                        
      Cost $40,459,306                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --              --                --               --             --          
    Calvert Social Balanced Portfolio                                                                                          
      Shares 12,019,049                                                                                                        
      Cost $21,192,688                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --              --                --               --             --          
  Due from Hartford Life Insurance                                                                                             
   Company.................................      --                42,914          --               --             --          
  Receivable from fund shares sold.........      182,514         --                  43,601         317,424         226,380    
                                            ------------     ------------       -----------    ------------     -----------    
  Total Assets.............................  716,399,885      488,030,883        17,074,465     189,558,288      51,891,312    
                                            ------------     ------------       -----------    ------------     -----------    
LIABILITIES:                                                                                                                   
  Due to Hartford Life Insurance Company...      182,403         --                  43,965         317,414         226,468    
  Payable for fund shares purchased........      --                42,785          --               --             --          
                                            ------------     ------------       -----------    ------------     -----------    
  Total Liabilities........................      182,403           42,785            43,965         317,414         226,468    
                                            ------------     ------------       -----------    ------------     -----------    
  Net Assets (variable annuity contract                                                                                        
   liabilities)............................ $716,217,482     $487,988,098       $17,030,500    $189,240,874     $51,664,844    
                                            ============     ============       ===========    ============     ===========    
Deferred annuity contracts in the                                                                                              
 accumulation period:                                                                                                          
Group Sub-Accounts:                                                                                                            
  Units owned by participants..............  101,429,660       39,291,550         6,077,622      62,940,685      22,410,406    
  Unit values*............................. $   7.061223     $  12.419670       $  2.802165    $   3.006654     $  2.305395    


CALVERT                                                         
                                             DIVIDEND AND  SOCIAL BALANCED                                                     
                                             GROWTH FUND      PORTFOLIO                                                        
                                             SUB-ACCOUNT     SUB-ACCOUNT                                                       
                                             ------------  ---------------                                                     

ASSETS:                                                                                                                        
  Investments:                                                                                                                 
    Hartford Bond HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                             
     Class IA                                                                                                                  
      Shares 35,027,942                                                                                                        
      Cost $35,075,750                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --             --                                                             
    Hartford Stock HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                            
     Class IA                                                                                                                  
      Shares 90,929,970                                                                                                        
      Cost $372,743,476                                                                                                        
      Market Value.........................      --             --                                                             
    Hartford Money Market HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                     
     Class IA                                                                                                                  
      Shares 37,464,148                                                                                                        
      Cost $37,464,148                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --             --                                                             
    Hartford Advisers HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                         
     Class IA                                                                                                                  
      Shares 241,575,706                                                                                                       
      Cost $491,569,828                                                                                                        
      Market Value.........................      --             --                                                             
    Hartford Capital Appreciation HLS                                                                                          
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                     
      Shares 80,058,557                                                                                                        
      Cost $268,461,947                                                                                                        
      Market Value.........................      --             --                                                             
    Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS                                                                                           
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                     
      Shares 16,383,834                                                                                                        
      Cost $17,409,616                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --             --                                                             
    Hartford Index HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                            
     Class IA                                                                                                                  
      Shares 45,178,039                                                                                                        
      Cost $113,674,627                                                                                                        
      Market Value.........................      --             --                                                             
    Hartford International Opportunities                                                                                       
     HLS Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                 
      Shares 27,540,897                                                                                                        
      Cost $33,916,402                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --             --                                                             
    Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS                                                                                           
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                     
      Shares 25,067,270                                                                                                        
      Cost $40,459,306                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................  $53,865,252        --                                                             
    Calvert Social Balanced Portfolio                                                                                          
      Shares 12,019,049                                                                                                        
      Cost $21,192,688                                                                                                         
      Market Value.........................      --          $26,069,318                                                       
  Due from Hartford Life Insurance                                                                                             
   Company.................................      --                5,206                                                       
  Receivable from fund shares sold.........       20,267        --                                                             
                                             -----------     -----------                                                       
  Total Assets.............................   53,885,519      26,074,524                                                       
                                             -----------     -----------                                                       
LIABILITIES:                                                                                                                   
  Due to Hartford Life Insurance Company...       20,249        --                                                             
  Payable for fund shares purchased........      --                  725                                                       
                                             -----------     -----------                                                       
  Total Liabilities........................       20,249             725                                                       
                                             -----------     -----------                                                       
  Net Assets (variable annuity contract                                                                                        
   liabilities)............................  $53,865,270     $26,073,799                                                       
                                             ===========     ===========                                                       
Deferred annuity contracts in the                                                                                              
 accumulation period:                                                                                                          
Group Sub-Accounts:                                                                                                            
  Units owned by participants..............   22,926,762       7,926,762                                                       
  Unit values*.............................  $  2.349450     $  3.290904                                                       

------------------------------------ SA-3 ------------------------------------- 

P-->485BPOS62nd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 62nd
DC VARIABLE ACCOUNT-I                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS                                                        
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                                       MONEY MARKET
                                          BOND FUND     STOCK FUND         FUND    
                                         SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                         -----------   -------------   ------------

INVESTMENT INCOME:                                                                 
  Dividends............................. $ 1,926,845   $   4,509,588    $1,753,408 
EXPENSES:                                                                          
  Mortality and expense undertakings....    (323,664)     (5,581,356)     (290,855)
                                         -----------   -------------    ---------- 
    Net investment income (loss)........   1,603,181      (1,071,768)    1,462,553 
                                         -----------   -------------    ---------- 
CAPITAL GAINS INCOME....................     308,039      63,567,855           974 
                                         -----------   -------------    ---------- 
NET REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                            
 ON INVESTMENTS:                                                                   
  Net realized gain on security                                                    
   transactions.........................     446,938     194,109,792       --      
  Net unrealized (depreciation)                                                    
   appreciation of investments during                                              
   the period...........................  (3,554,082)   (126,167,137)      --      
                                         -----------   -------------    ---------- 
    Net (loss) gain on investments......  (3,107,144)     67,942,655       --      
                                         -----------   -------------    ---------- 
    Net (decrease) increase in net                                                 
     assets resulting from operations... $(1,195,924)  $ 130,438,742    $1,463,527 
                                         ===========   =============    ========== 

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.      
------------------------------------ SA-4 ------------------------------------- 

P-->485BPOS63rd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 63rd
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                                              CAPITAL          MORTGAGE                      INTERNATIONAL   
                                         ADVISERS FUND   APPRECIATION FUND  SECURITIES FUND  INDEX FUND    OPPORTUNITIES FUND
                                          SUB-ACCOUNT       SUB-ACCOUNT       SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT      SUB-ACCOUNT    
                                         -------------   -----------------  ---------------  -----------   ------------------

INVESTMENT INCOME:                                                                                                           
  Dividends............................. $  15,085,324     $  1,474,954       $   952,816    $ 1,831,409      $   499,816    
EXPENSES:                                                                                                                    
  Mortality and expense undertakings....    (5,969,355)      (3,539,967)         (153,921)    (1,436,655)        (354,285)   
                                         -------------     ------------       -----------    -----------      -----------    
    Net investment income (loss)........     9,115,969       (2,065,013)          798,895        394,754          145,531    
                                         -------------     ------------       -----------    -----------      -----------    
CAPITAL GAINS INCOME....................    66,035,988       28,364,366          --            2,884,801         --          
                                         -------------     ------------       -----------    -----------      -----------    
NET REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                                                                      
 ON INVESTMENTS:                                                                                                             
  Net realized gain on security                                                                                              
   transactions.........................   109,707,712       75,300,296           353,908     29,025,940        3,154,826    
  Net unrealized (depreciation)                                                                                              
   appreciation of investments during                                                                                        
   the period...........................  (110,915,510)      43,096,428        (1,009,631)     1,691,276       12,059,980    
                                         -------------     ------------       -----------    -----------      -----------    
    Net (loss) gain on investments......    (1,207,798)     118,396,724          (655,723)    30,717,216       15,214,806    
                                         -------------     ------------       -----------    -----------      -----------    
    Net (decrease) increase in net                                                                                           
     assets resulting from operations... $  73,944,159     $144,696,077       $   143,172    $33,996,771      $15,360,337    
                                         =============     ============       ===========    ===========      ===========    


CALVERT                                                         
                                          DIVIDEND AND   SOCIAL BALANCED                                                     
                                          GROWTH FUND       PORTFOLIO                                                        
                                          SUB-ACCOUNT      SUB-ACCOUNT                                                       
                                          ------------   ---------------                                                     

INVESTMENT INCOME:                                                                                                           
  Dividends.............................  $    882,872     $   562,563                                                       
EXPENSES:                                                                                                                    
  Mortality and expense undertakings....      (494,414)       (203,569)                                                      
                                          ------------     -----------                                                       
    Net investment income (loss)........       388,458         358,994                                                       
                                          ------------     -----------                                                       
CAPITAL GAINS INCOME....................     2,571,967       1,927,344                                                       
                                          ------------     -----------                                                       
NET REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                                                                      
 ON INVESTMENTS:                                                                                                             
  Net realized gain on security                                                                                              
   transactions.........................     9,975,175       2,311,717                                                       
  Net unrealized (depreciation)                                                                                              
   appreciation of investments during                                                                                        
   the period...........................   (10,078,741)     (1,644,189)                                                      
                                          ------------     -----------                                                       
    Net (loss) gain on investments......      (103,566)        667,528                                                       
                                          ------------     -----------                                                       
    Net (decrease) increase in net                                                                                           
     assets resulting from operations...  $  2,856,859     $ 2,953,866                                                       
                                          ============     ===========                                                       

------------------------------------ SA-5 ------------------------------------- 

P-->485BPOS64th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 64th
DC VARIABLE ACCOUNT-I                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS                                             
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                              MONEY MARKET 
                                                BOND FUND      STOCK FUND         FUND     
                                               SUB-ACCOUNT     SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT  
                                               ------------   -------------   ------------ 

OPERATIONS:                                                                                
  Net investment income (loss)...............  $  1,603,181   $  (1,071,768)  $  1,462,553 
  Capital gains income.......................       308,039      63,567,855            974 
  Net realized gain on security                                                            
   transactions..............................       446,938     194,109,792        --      
  Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation                                               
   of investments during the period..........    (3,554,082)   (126,167,137)       --      
                                               ------------   -------------   ------------ 
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets                                                    
   resulting from operations.................    (1,195,924)    130,438,742      1,463,527 
                                               ------------   -------------   ------------ 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                         
  Purchases..................................     3,207,870      57,188,543      2,777,236 
  Net transfers..............................    (7,476,531)    (82,392,780)     3,061,293 
  Surrenders for benefit payments and fees...   (13,250,066)   (307,416,804)   (10,239,180)
                                               ------------   -------------   ------------ 
  Net (decrease) in net assets resulting from                                              
   unit transactions.........................   (17,518,727)   (332,621,041)    (4,400,651)
                                               ------------   -------------   ------------ 
  Net (decrease) in net assets...............   (18,714,651)   (202,182,299)    (2,937,124)
NET ASSETS:                                                                                
  Beginning of period........................    53,527,616     852,094,113     40,402,821 
                                               ------------   -------------   ------------ 
  End of period..............................  $ 34,812,965   $ 649,911,814   $ 37,465,697 
                                               ============   =============   ============ 

HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS                                             
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                           MONEY MARKET
                                               BOND FUND     STOCK FUND        FUND    
                                              SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                              -----------   ------------   ------------

OPERATIONS:                                                                            
  Net investment income (loss)............... $ 2,183,191   $    499,834   $ 1,519,662 
  Capital gains income.......................     --          23,069,120       --      
  Net realized gain (loss) on security                                                 
   transactions..............................       2,433        714,355       --      
  Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)                                           
   of investments during the period..........     972,564    183,443,598       --      
                                              -----------   ------------   ----------- 
  Net increase in net assets resulting from                                            
   operations................................   3,158,188    207,726,907     1,519,662 
                                              -----------   ------------   ----------- 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                     
  Purchases..................................   3,667,032     52,577,965     3,344,933 
  Net transfers..............................   7,703,221    (30,615,196)    5,386,082 
  Surrenders for benefit payments and fees...  (1,938,648)   (19,829,778)   (1,911,188)
                                              -----------   ------------   ----------- 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets                                                
   resulting from unit transactions..........   9,431,605      2,132,991     6,819,827 
                                              -----------   ------------   ----------- 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets......  12,589,793    209,859,898     8,339,489 
NET ASSETS:                                                                            
  Beginning of period........................  40,937,823    642,234,215    32,063,332 
                                              -----------   ------------   ----------- 
  End of period.............................. $53,527,616   $852,094,113   $40,402,821 
                                              ===========   ============   =========== 

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.      
------------------------------------ SA-6 ------------------------------------- 

P-->485BPOS65th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 65th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                   CAPITAL           MORTGAGE                    
                                              ADVISERS FUND   APPRECIATION FUND   SECURITIES FUND    INDEX FUND  
                                               SUB-ACCOUNT       SUB-ACCOUNT        SUB-ACCOUNT     SUB-ACCOUNT  
                                              -------------   -----------------   ---------------   ------------ 

OPERATIONS:                                                                                                      
  Net investment income (loss)............... $   9,115,969     $  (2,065,013)      $   798,895     $    394,754 
  Capital gains income.......................    66,035,988        28,364,366          --              2,884,801 
  Net realized gain on security                                                                                  
   transactions..............................   109,707,712        75,300,296           353,908       29,025,940 
  Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation                                                                     
   of investments during the period..........  (110,915,510)       43,096,428        (1,009,631)       1,691,276 
                                              -------------     -------------       -----------     ------------ 
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets                                                                          
   resulting from operations.................    73,944,159       144,696,077           143,172       33,996,771 
                                              -------------     -------------       -----------     ------------ 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                                               
  Purchases..................................    60,209,515        38,405,063         1,337,928       25,883,222 
  Net transfers..............................   (79,780,932)      (72,296,647)       (2,595,863)     (11,869,735)
  Surrenders for benefit payments and fees...  (243,193,118)     (136,718,724)       (6,751,436)     (53,518,791)
                                              -------------     -------------       -----------     ------------ 
  Net (decrease) in net assets resulting from                                                                    
   unit transactions.........................  (262,764,535)     (170,610,308)       (8,009,371)     (39,505,304)
                                              -------------     -------------       -----------     ------------ 
  Net (decrease) in net assets...............  (188,820,376)      (25,914,231)       (7,866,199)      (5,508,533)
NET ASSETS:                                                                                                      
  Beginning of period........................   905,037,858       513,902,329        24,896,699      194,749,407 
                                              -------------     -------------       -----------     ------------ 
  End of period.............................. $ 716,217,482     $ 487,988,098       $17,030,500     $189,240,874 
                                              =============     =============       ===========     ============ 


                                                 INTERNATIONAL      DIVIDEND AND     CALVERT SOCIAL              
                                               OPPORTUNITIES FUND   GROWTH FUND    BALANCED PORTFOLIO            
                                                  SUB-ACCOUNT       SUB-ACCOUNT       SUB-ACCOUNT                
                                               ------------------   ------------   ------------------            

OPERATIONS:                                                                                                      
  Net investment income (loss)...............     $    145,531      $    388,458       $   358,994               
  Capital gains income.......................        --                2,571,967         1,927,344               
  Net realized gain on security                                                                                  
   transactions..............................        3,154,826         9,975,175         2,311,717               
  Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation                                                                     
   of investments during the period..........       12,059,980       (10,078,741)       (1,644,189)              
                                                  ------------      ------------       -----------               
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets                                                                          
   resulting from operations.................       15,360,337         2,856,859         2,953,866               
                                                  ------------      ------------       -----------               
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                                               
  Purchases..................................        6,465,977        13,489,504         2,662,375               
  Net transfers..............................       (8,846,795)      (25,227,178)       (3,375,593)              
  Surrenders for benefit payments and fees...      (15,181,367)      (18,620,723)       (8,906,608)              
                                                  ------------      ------------       -----------               
  Net (decrease) in net assets resulting from                                                                    
   unit transactions.........................      (17,562,185)      (30,358,397)       (9,619,826)              
                                                  ------------      ------------       -----------               
  Net (decrease) in net assets...............       (2,201,848)      (27,501,538)       (6,665,960)              
NET ASSETS:                                                                                                      
  Beginning of period........................       53,866,692        81,366,808        32,739,759               
                                                  ------------      ------------       -----------               
  End of period..............................     $ 51,664,844      $ 53,865,270       $26,073,799               
                                                  ============      ============       ===========               
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                   CAPITAL           MORTGAGE                    
                                              ADVISERS FUND   APPRECIATION FUND   SECURITIES FUND    INDEX FUND  
                                               SUB-ACCOUNT       SUB-ACCOUNT        SUB-ACCOUNT     SUB-ACCOUNT  
                                              -------------   -----------------   ---------------   ------------ 

OPERATIONS:                                                                                                      
  Net investment income (loss)............... $ 11,397,583      $ (1,312,459)       $ 1,363,211     $    264,966 
  Capital gains income.......................   25,313,632        32,040,202           --              3,422,388 
  Net realized gain (loss) on security                                                                           
   transactions..............................    6,494,130         1,681,913             39,785          (58,579)
  Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)                                                                     
   of investments during the period..........  128,375,353        35,834,365            (24,289)      35,353,337 
                                              ------------      ------------        -----------     ------------ 
  Net increase in net assets resulting from                                                                      
   operations................................  171,580,698        68,244,021          1,378,707       38,982,112 
                                              ------------      ------------        -----------     ------------ 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                                               
  Purchases..................................   63,792,632        57,410,119          1,815,173       21,746,631 
  Net transfers..............................  (25,294,322)      (97,300,197)        (1,687,207)       9,830,133 
  Surrenders for benefit payments and fees...  (22,848,470)      (12,289,854)          (801,083)      (5,052,574)
                                              ------------      ------------        -----------     ------------ 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets                                                                          
   resulting from unit transactions..........   15,649,840       (52,179,932)          (673,117)      26,524,190 
                                              ------------      ------------        -----------     ------------ 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets......  187,230,538        16,064,089            705,590       65,506,302 
NET ASSETS:                                                                                                      
  Beginning of period........................  717,807,320       497,838,240         24,191,109      129,243,105 
                                              ------------      ------------        -----------     ------------ 
  End of period.............................. $905,037,858      $513,902,329        $24,896,699     $194,749,407 
                                              ============      ============        ===========     ============ 


                                                 INTERNATIONAL      DIVIDEND AND     CALVERT SOCIAL              
                                               OPPORTUNITIES FUND   GROWTH FUND    BALANCED PORTFOLIO            
                                                  SUB-ACCOUNT       SUB-ACCOUNT       SUB-ACCOUNT                
                                               ------------------   ------------   ------------------            

OPERATIONS:                                                                                                      
  Net investment income (loss)...............     $    262,775      $    660,494       $   490,049               
  Capital gains income.......................        3,515,336         2,779,678         1,638,236               
  Net realized gain (loss) on security                                                                           
   transactions..............................          707,165           426,383            48,836               
  Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)                                                                     
   of investments during the period..........        2,062,833         7,655,244         2,144,124               
                                                  ------------      ------------       -----------               
  Net increase in net assets resulting from                                                                      
   operations................................        6,548,109        11,521,799         4,321,245               
                                                  ------------      ------------       -----------               
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                                               
  Purchases..................................        8,614,699        14,599,476         3,592,019               
  Net transfers..............................      (16,662,048)      (15,975,390)       (2,100,831)              
  Surrenders for benefit payments and fees...       (1,450,359)       (2,142,352)         (738,890)              
                                                  ------------      ------------       -----------               
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets                                                                          
   resulting from unit transactions..........       (9,497,708)       (3,518,266)          752,298               
                                                  ------------      ------------       -----------               
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets......       (2,949,599)        8,003,533         5,073,543               
NET ASSETS:                                                                                                      
  Beginning of period........................       56,816,291        73,363,275        27,666,216               
                                                  ------------      ------------       -----------               
  End of period..............................     $ 53,866,692      $ 81,366,808       $32,739,759               
                                                  ============      ============       ===========               

------------------------------------ SA-7 ------------------------------------- 

P-->485BPOS66th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 66th
DC VARIABLE ACCOUNT-I                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   
DECEMBER 31, 1999 
1.  ORGANIZATION:                                                             

   DC Variable Account-I (the Account) is a separate investment account within
Hartford Life Insurance Company (the Company) and is registered with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as a unit investment trust under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Both the Company and the
Account are subject to supervision and regulation by the Department of  
Insurance of the State of Connecticut and the SEC. The Account invests  
deposits by variable annuity contractholders of the Company in various  
mutual funds (the Funds) as directed by the contractholders.            

2.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:                                          

The following is a summary of significant accounting policies of the    
Account, which are in accordance with generally accepted accounting     
principles in the investment company industry:                          

a)  SECURITY TRANSACTIONS--Security transactions are recorded on the trade
  date (date the order to buy or sell is executed). Realized gains and
       losses on the sales of securities are computed on the basis of identified
cost of the fund shares sold. Dividend and capital gains income is
       accrued as of the ex-dividend date. Capital gains income represents those
     dividends from the Funds which are characterized as capital gains under
tax regulations.                                                  

  b)  SECURITY VALUATION--The investments in shares of the Funds are valued at
    the closing net asset value per share as determined by the appropriate
Fund as of December 31, 1999.                                     

c)  UNIT TRANSACTIONS--Unit transactions are executed based on the unit   
values calculated at the close of the business day.               

 d)  FEDERAL INCOME TAXES--The operations of the Account form a part of, and
       are taxed with, the total operations of the Company, which is taxed as an
      insurance company under the Internal Revenue Code. Under current law, no
    federal income taxes are payable with respect to the operations of the
Account.                                                          

 e)  USE OF ESTIMATES--The preparation of financial statements in conformity
       with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
      estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
     liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported
    amounts of income and expenses during the period. Operating results in
the future could vary from the amounts derived from management's  
estimates.                                                        

3.  DEDUCTIONS AND CHARGES:                                                   

Certain amounts are deducted from the contracts, as described below:    

   a)  MORTALITY AND EXPENSE RISK CHARGES--The Company will make deductions at a
    maximum annual rate of 1.25% of the contract's value for the mortality
and expense risks which the Company undertakes.                   

  b)  TAX EXPENSE CHARGE--If applicable, the Company will make deductions at a
maximum rate of 3.5% of the contract's value to meet premium tax  
 requirements. An additional tax charge based on a percentage of the
    contract's value may be assessed to partial withdrawals or surrenders.
     These expenses are included in surrenders for benefit payments and fees
on the accompanying statements of changes in net assets.          

c)  ANNUAL MAINTENANCE FEE--An annual maintenance fee up to $18 may be    
       deducted from the contract's value each contract year. These expenses are
      included in surrenders for benefit payments and fees on the accompanying
statements of changes in net assets.                              

------------------------------------ SA-8 ------------------------------------- 

P-->485BPOS67th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 67th
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TO HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                              
SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO AND TO THE OWNERS OF UNITS OF INTEREST THEREIN:            

We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities of        
Hartford Life Insurance Company Separate Account Two (Bond Fund, Stock Fund,    
Money Market Fund, Advisers Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Mortgage Securities
Fund, Index Fund, International Opportunities Fund, Dividend and Growth Fund,   
Calvert Social Balanced Portfolio, American Century VP Advantage Fund, American 
Century VP Capital Appreciation Fund, Fidelity VIP Overseas Fund, Fidelity VIP  
II Asset Manager Fund, Fidelity VIP II Contrafund Fund and Fidelity VIP Growth  
Fund) (collectively, the Account) as of December 31, 1999, and the related      
statements of operations and the statements of changes in net assets for the    
periods presented. These financial statements are the responsibility of the     
Account's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these      
financial statements based on our audits.                                       

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing          
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting 
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes 
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by      
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. 
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.          

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in   
all material respects, the financial position of the Account as of December 31,
1999, and the results of their operations and the changes in their net assets   
for the periods presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting      
principles.                                                                     

Hartford, Connecticut                                                           
February 17, 2000                                            ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

___________________________________ SA-1 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS68th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 68th
SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                            
DECEMBER 31, 1999 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                             BOND         STOCK      MONEY MARKET
                                             FUND          FUND          FUND    
                                          SUB-ACCOUNT  SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                          -----------  ------------  ------------

ASSETS:                                                                          
  Investments:                                                                   
    Hartford Bond HLS Fund, Inc. -                                               
     Class IA                                                                    
      Shares 15,155,028                                                          
      Cost $15,395,587                                                           
      Market Value......................  $15,062,007       --           --      
    Hartford Stock HLS Fund, Inc. -                                              
     Class IA                                                                    
      Shares 33,945,549                                                          
      Cost $93,349,265                                                           
      Market Value......................      --       $242,622,010      --      
    Hartford Money Market HLS                                                    
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                       
      Shares 6,566,019                                                           
      Cost $6,566,019                                                            
      Market Value......................      --            --        $6,566,019 
    Hartford Advisers HLS Fund, Inc. -                                           
     Class IA                                                                    
      Shares 34,221,708                                                          
      Cost $65,147,307                                                           
      Market Value......................      --            --           --      
    Hartford Capital Appreciation HLS                                            
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                       
      Shares 24,732,727                                                          
      Cost $80,938,460                                                           
      Market Value......................      --            --           --      
    Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS                                             
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                       
      Shares 3,231,289                                                           
      Cost $3,417,582                                                            
      Market Value......................      --            --           --      
    Hartford Index HLS Fund, Inc. -                                              
     Class IA                                                                    
      Shares 13,851,001                                                          
      Cost $34,212,808                                                           
      Market Value......................      --            --           --      
    Hartford International Opportunities                                         
     HLS Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                   
      Shares 7,985,421                                                           
      Cost $9,989,610                                                            
      Market Value......................      --            --           --      
    Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS                                             
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                       
      Shares 10,749,812                                                          
      Cost $18,435,960                                                           
      Market Value......................      --            --           --      
    Calvert Social Balanced Portfolio                                            
      Shares 2,290,301                                                           
      Cost $4,101,434                                                            
      Market Value......................      --            --           --      
  Due from Hartford Life Insurance                                               
   Company..............................         734         61,407        7,262 
  Receivable from fund shares sold......      --            --           --      
                                          -----------  ------------   ---------- 
  Total Assets..........................  15,062,741    242,683,417    6,573,281 
                                          -----------  ------------   ---------- 
LIABILITIES:                                                                     
  Due to Hartford Life Insurance                                                 
   Company..............................      --            --           --      
  Payable for fund shares purchased.....         735         61,426        6,966 
                                          -----------  ------------   ---------- 
  Total Liabilities.....................         735         61,426        6,966 
                                          -----------  ------------   ---------- 
  Net Assets (variable annuity contract                                          
   liabilities).........................  $15,062,006  $242,621,991   $6,566,315 
                                          ===========  ============   ========== 
Deferred annuity contracts in the                                                
 accumulation period:                                                            
Group Sub-Accounts:                                                              
  Units owned by participants...........   3,140,832     11,207,213    2,145,214 
  Unit values*..........................  $ 4.795562   $  21.648735   $ 3.060914 

*Unit value amounts represent an average of individual unit values, which differ
within each sub-account.                                                        

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.      
___________________________________ SA-2 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS69th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 69th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                          CAPITAL      MORTGAGE                 INTERNATIONAL   DIVIDEND  
                                           ADVISERS     APPRECIATION  SECURITIES      INDEX     OPPORTUNITIES  AND GROWTH 
                                             FUND           FUND         FUND         FUND          FUND          FUND    
                                         SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT  SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT
                                         ------------   ------------  -----------  -----------  -------------  -----------

ASSETS:                                                                                                                   
  Investments:                                                                                                            
    Hartford Bond HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                        
     Class IA                                                                                                             
      Shares 15,155,028                                                                                                   
      Cost $15,395,587                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................      --            --            --           --            --            --     
    Hartford Stock HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                       
     Class IA                                                                                                             
      Shares 33,945,549                                                                                                   
      Cost $93,349,265                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................      --            --            --           --            --            --     
    Hartford Money Market HLS                                                                                             
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                
      Shares 6,566,019                                                                                                    
      Cost $6,566,019                                                                                                     
      Market Value......................      --            --            --           --            --            --     
    Hartford Advisers HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                    
     Class IA                                                                                                             
      Shares 34,221,708                                                                                                   
      Cost $65,147,307                                                                                                    
      Market Value...................... $101,459,629       --            --           --            --            --     
    Hartford Capital Appreciation HLS                                                                                     
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                
      Shares 24,732,727                                                                                                   
      Cost $80,938,460                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................      --        $150,755,566      --           --            --            --     
    Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS                                                                                      
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                
      Shares 3,231,289                                                                                                    
      Cost $3,417,582                                                                                                     
      Market Value......................      --            --        $3,358,899       --            --            --     
    Hartford Index HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                       
     Class IA                                                                                                             
      Shares 13,851,001                                                                                                   
      Cost $34,212,808                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................      --            --            --       $58,018,795       --            --     
    Hartford International Opportunities                                                                                  
     HLS Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                            
      Shares 7,985,421                                                                                                    
      Cost $9,989,610                                                                                                     
      Market Value......................      --            --            --           --        $14,980,130       --     
    Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS                                                                                      
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                
      Shares 10,749,812                                                                                                   
      Cost $18,435,960                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................      --            --            --           --            --        $23,099,497
    Calvert Social Balanced Portfolio                                                                                     
      Shares 2,290,301                                                                                                    
      Cost $4,101,434                                                                                                     
      Market Value......................      --            --            --           --            --            --     
  Due from Hartford Life Insurance                                                                                        
   Company..............................       98,692        11,901        2,379       36,427        194,453        6,604 
  Receivable from fund shares sold......      --            --            --           --            --            --     
                                         ------------   ------------  ----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
  Total Assets..........................  101,558,321   150,767,467    3,361,278   58,055,222     15,174,583   23,106,101 
                                         ------------   ------------  ----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
LIABILITIES:                                                                                                              
  Due to Hartford Life Insurance                                                                                          
   Company..............................      --            --            --           --            --            --     
  Payable for fund shares purchased.....       98,690        11,938        2,410       38,456        194,438        6,576 
                                         ------------   ------------  ----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
  Total Liabilities.....................       98,690        11,938        2,410       38,456        194,438        6,576 
                                         ------------   ------------  ----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
  Net Assets (variable annuity contract                                                                                   
   liabilities)......................... $101,459,631   $150,755,529  $3,358,868   $58,016,766   $14,980,145   $23,099,525
                                         ============   ============  ==========   ===========   ===========   ===========
Deferred annuity contracts in the                                                                                         
 accumulation period:                                                                                                     
Group Sub-Accounts:                                                                                                       
  Units owned by participants...........   14,450,344    12,158,882    1,199,939   10,126,403      6,548,367    9,982,636 
  Unit values*.......................... $   7.021261   $ 12.388609   $ 2.799198   $ 5.729257    $  2.287616   $ 2.313970 


CALVERT                                                                     
                                          SOCIAL BALANCED                                                                 
                                             PORTFOLIO                                                                    
                                            SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                   
                                          ---------------                                                                 

ASSETS:                                                                                                                   
  Investments:                                                                                                            
    Hartford Bond HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                        
     Class IA                                                                                                             
      Shares 15,155,028                                                                                                   
      Cost $15,395,587                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................       --                                                                         
    Hartford Stock HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                       
     Class IA                                                                                                             
      Shares 33,945,549                                                                                                   
      Cost $93,349,265                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................       --                                                                         
    Hartford Money Market HLS                                                                                             
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                
      Shares 6,566,019                                                                                                    
      Cost $6,566,019                                                                                                     
      Market Value......................       --                                                                         
    Hartford Advisers HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                    
     Class IA                                                                                                             
      Shares 34,221,708                                                                                                   
      Cost $65,147,307                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................       --                                                                         
    Hartford Capital Appreciation HLS                                                                                     
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                
      Shares 24,732,727                                                                                                   
      Cost $80,938,460                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................       --                                                                         
    Hartford Mortgage Securities HLS                                                                                      
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                
      Shares 3,231,289                                                                                                    
      Cost $3,417,582                                                                                                     
      Market Value......................       --                                                                         
    Hartford Index HLS Fund, Inc. -                                                                                       
     Class IA                                                                                                             
      Shares 13,851,001                                                                                                   
      Cost $34,212,808                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................       --                                                                         
    Hartford International Opportunities                                                                                  
     HLS Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                            
      Shares 7,985,421                                                                                                    
      Cost $9,989,610                                                                                                     
      Market Value......................       --                                                                         
    Hartford Dividend and Growth HLS                                                                                      
     Fund, Inc. - Class IA                                                                                                
      Shares 10,749,812                                                                                                   
      Cost $18,435,960                                                                                                    
      Market Value......................       --                                                                         
    Calvert Social Balanced Portfolio                                                                                     
      Shares 2,290,301                                                                                                    
      Cost $4,101,434                                                                                                     
      Market Value......................    $4,967,663                                                                    
  Due from Hartford Life Insurance                                                                                        
   Company..............................         1,204                                                                    
  Receivable from fund shares sold......       --                                                                         
                                            ----------                                                                    
  Total Assets..........................     4,968,867                                                                    
                                            ----------                                                                    
LIABILITIES:                                                                                                              
  Due to Hartford Life Insurance                                                                                          
   Company..............................       --                                                                         
  Payable for fund shares purchased.....           564                                                                    
                                            ----------                                                                    
  Total Liabilities.....................           564                                                                    
                                            ----------                                                                    
  Net Assets (variable annuity contract                                                                                   
   liabilities).........................    $4,968,303                                                                    
                                            ==========                                                                    
Deferred annuity contracts in the                                                                                         
 accumulation period:                                                                                                     
Group Sub-Accounts:                                                                                                       
  Units owned by participants...........     1,627,793                                                                    
  Unit values*..........................    $ 3.052171                                                                    

___________________________________ SA-3 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS70th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 70th
SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES -- (CONTINUED)                             
DECEMBER 31, 1999 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                  AMERICAN      
                                                 CENTURY VP     
                                            CAPITAL APPRECIATION
                                                    FUND        
                                                SUB-ACCOUNT     
                                            --------------------

ASSETS:                                                         
  Investments:                                                  
    American Century VP Capital                                 
     Appreciation Fund, Inc.                                    
      Shares 139,934                                            
      Cost $1,575,748                                           
      Market Value......................         $2,076,616     
    Fidelity VIP Overseas Fund, Inc.                            
      Shares 153,914                                            
      Cost $2,912,903                                           
      Market Value......................          --            
    Fidelity VIP II Asset Manager                               
     Fund, Inc.                                                 
      Shares 288,915                                            
      Cost $4,713,414                                           
      Market Value......................          --            
    Fidelity VIP II Contrafund                                  
     Fund, Inc.                                                 
      Shares 830,829                                            
      Cost $14,496,214                                          
      Market Value......................          --            
    Fidelity VIP Growth Fund, Inc.                              
      Shares 585,635                                            
      Cost $21,025,317                                          
      Market Value......................          --            
  Due from Hartford Life Insurance                              
   Company..............................              1,081     
  Receivable from fund shares sold......          --            
                                                 ----------     
  Total Assets..........................          2,077,697     
                                                 ----------     
LIABILITIES:                                                    
  Due to Hartford Life Insurance                                
   Company..............................          --            
  Payable for fund shares purchased.....              1,074     
                                                 ----------     
  Total Liabilities.....................              1,074     
                                                 ----------     
  Net Assets (variable annuity contract                         
   liabilities).........................         $2,076,623     
                                                 ==========     
Deferred annuity contracts in the                               
 accumulation period:                                           
Group Sub-Accounts:                                             
  Units owned by participants...........          1,355,363     
  Unit values*..........................         $ 1.532151     

*Unit value amounts represent an average of individual unit values, which differ
within each sub-account.                                                        

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.      
___________________________________ SA-4 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS71st Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 71st
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                          FIDELITY      FIDELITY      FIDELITY     FIDELITY  
                                             VIP         VIP II        VIP II         VIP    
                                          OVERSEAS    ASSET MANAGER  CONTRAFUND     GROWTH   
                                            FUND          FUND          FUND         FUND    
                                         SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT  SUB-ACCOUNT
                                         -----------  -------------  -----------  -----------

ASSETS:                                                                                      
  Investments:                                                                               
    American Century VP Capital                                                              
     Appreciation Fund, Inc.                                                                 
      Shares 139,934                                                                         
      Cost $1,575,748                                                                        
      Market Value......................     --           --             --           --     
    Fidelity VIP Overseas Fund, Inc.                                                         
      Shares 153,914                                                                         
      Cost $2,912,903                                                                        
      Market Value...................... $4,223,395       --             --           --     
    Fidelity VIP II Asset Manager                                                            
     Fund, Inc.                                                                              
      Shares 288,915                                                                         
      Cost $4,713,414                                                                        
      Market Value......................     --        $5,394,049        --           --     
    Fidelity VIP II Contrafund                                                               
     Fund, Inc.                                                                              
      Shares 830,829                                                                         
      Cost $14,496,214                                                                       
      Market Value......................     --           --         $24,218,673      --     
    Fidelity VIP Growth Fund, Inc.                                                           
      Shares 585,635                                                                         
      Cost $21,025,317                                                                       
      Market Value......................     --           --             --       $32,168,933
  Due from Hartford Life Insurance                                                           
   Company..............................      2,418         1,694         8,310        17,140
  Receivable from fund shares sold......     --           --             --           --     
                                         ----------    ----------    -----------  -----------
  Total Assets..........................  4,225,813     5,395,743    24,226,983    32,186,073
                                         ----------    ----------    -----------  -----------
LIABILITIES:                                                                                 
  Due to Hartford Life Insurance                                                             
   Company..............................     --           --             --           --     
  Payable for fund shares purchased.....      2,466         1,250         8,330        17,144
                                         ----------    ----------    -----------  -----------
  Total Liabilities.....................      2,466         1,250         8,330        17,144
                                         ----------    ----------    -----------  -----------
  Net Assets (variable annuity contract                                                      
   liabilities)......................... $4,223,347    $5,394,493    $24,218,653  $32,168,929
                                         ==========    ==========    ===========  ===========
Deferred annuity contracts in the                                                            
 accumulation period:                                                                        
Group Sub-Accounts:                                                                          
  Units owned by participants...........  2,120,519     2,951,785     9,524,933    11,602,886
  Unit values*.......................... $ 1.991553    $ 1.827536    $ 2.542659   $  2.772494

___________________________________ SA-5 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS72nd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 72nd
SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS                                                        
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                BOND           STOCK       MONEY MARKET
                                FUND           FUND            FUND    
                             SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT 
                             -----------    -----------    ------------

INVESTMENT INCOME:                                                     
  Dividends..............    $   829,146    $ 1,666,475      $303,879  
EXPENSES:                                                              
  Mortality and expense                                                
   undertakings..........       (169,945)    (2,300,122)      (68,630) 
                             -----------    -----------      --------  
    Net investment income                                              
     (loss)..............        659,201       (633,647)      235,249  
                             -----------    -----------      --------  
CAPITAL GAINS INCOME.....        114,981     18,026,889           161  
                             -----------    -----------      --------  
NET REALIZED AND                                                       
 UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                                
 ON INVESTMENTS:                                                       
  Net realized (loss)                                                  
   gain on security                                                    
   transactions..........        (19,976)     2,484,575        --      
  Net unrealized                                                       
   (depreciation)                                                      
   appreciation of                                                     
   investments during the                                              
   period................     (1,257,359)    18,838,148        --      
                             -----------    -----------      --------  
    Net (loss) gain on                                                 
     investments.........     (1,277,335)    21,322,723        --      
                             -----------    -----------      --------  
    Net (decrease)                                                     
     increase in net                                                   
     assets resulting                                                  
     from operations.....    $  (503,153)   $38,715,965      $235,410  
                             ===========    ===========      ========  

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.      
___________________________________ SA-6 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS73rd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 73rd
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                          CAPITAL      MORTGAGE                 INTERNATIONAL   DIVIDEND                      
                           ADVISERS     APPRECIATION  SECURITIES      INDEX     OPPORTUNITIES  AND GROWTH     CALVERT SOCIAL  
                             FUND           FUND         FUND         FUND          FUND          FUND      BALANCED PORTFOLIO
                          SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT  SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT     SUB-ACCOUNT    
                          -----------   ------------  -----------  -----------  -------------  -----------  ------------------

INVESTMENT INCOME:                                                                                                            
  Dividends.............. $ 2,124,562   $   453,558    $ 187,585   $  543,832    $  138,993     $ 371,026        $107,208     
EXPENSES:                                                                                                                     
  Mortality and expense                                                                                                       
   undertakings..........  (1,019,523)   (1,238,342)     (37,929)    (379,540)     (121,371)     (265,879)        (56,336)    
                          -----------   -----------    ---------   ----------    ----------     ---------        --------     
    Net investment income                                                                                                     
     (loss)..............   1,105,039      (784,784)     149,656      164,292        17,622       105,147          50,872     
                          -----------   -----------    ---------   ----------    ----------     ---------        --------     
CAPITAL GAINS INCOME.....   7,575,377     7,303,697       --          756,329       --            871,549         367,294     
                          -----------   -----------    ---------   ----------    ----------     ---------        --------     
NET REALIZED AND                                                                                                              
 UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                                                                                       
 ON INVESTMENTS:                                                                                                              
  Net realized (loss)                                                                                                         
   gain on security                                                                                                           
   transactions..........      32,508       384,490          209       55,113        71,485        56,924          14,784     
  Net unrealized                                                                                                              
   (depreciation)                                                                                                             
   appreciation of                                                                                                            
   investments during the                                                                                                     
   period................       8,461    33,047,538     (137,396)   8,186,922     3,936,105      (108,988)         60,504     
                          -----------   -----------    ---------   ----------    ----------     ---------        --------     
    Net (loss) gain on                                                                                                        
     investments.........      40,969    33,432,028     (137,187)   8,242,035     4,007,590       (52,064)         75,288     
                          -----------   -----------    ---------   ----------    ----------     ---------        --------     
    Net (decrease)                                                                                                            
     increase in net                                                                                                          
     assets resulting                                                                                                         
     from operations..... $ 8,721,385   $39,950,941    $  12,469   $9,162,656    $4,025,212     $ 924,632        $493,454     
                          ===========   ===========    =========   ==========    ==========     =========        ========     

___________________________________ SA-7 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS74th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 74th
SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS -- (CONTINUED)                                         
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                              AMERICAN  
                              AMERICAN       CENTURY VP 
                             CENTURY VP       CAPITAL   
                              ADVANTAGE     APPRECIATION
                                FUND            FUND    
                             SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT 
                             -----------    ------------

INVESTMENT INCOME:                                      
  Dividends..............     $ 10,047        $ --      
EXPENSES:                                               
  Mortality and expense                                 
   undertakings..........       (3,958)        (16,810) 
                              --------        --------  
    Net investment income                               
     (loss)..............        6,089         (16,810) 
                              --------        --------  
CAPITAL GAINS INCOME.....       23,850          --      
                              --------        --------  
NET REALIZED AND                                        
 UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                 
 ON INVESTMENTS:                                        
  Net realized gain on                                  
   security                                             
   transactions..........       38,985           3,131  
  Net unrealized                                        
   (depreciation)                                       
   appreciation of                                      
   investments during the                               
   period................      (33,239)        784,514  
                              --------        --------  
    Net gain on                                         
     investments.........        5,746         787,645  
                              --------        --------  
    Net increase in net                                 
     assets resulting                                   
     from operations.....     $ 35,685        $770,835  
                              ========        ========  

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.      
___________________________________ SA-8 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS75th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 75th
                                                                [Download Table]

                           FIDELITY      FIDELITY      FIDELITY     FIDELITY  
                              VIP         VIP II        VIP II         VIP    
                           OVERSEAS    ASSET MANAGER  CONTRAFUND     GROWTH   
                             FUND          FUND          FUND         FUND    
                          SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT  SUB-ACCOUNT
                          -----------  -------------  -----------  -----------

INVESTMENT INCOME:                                                            
  Dividends.............. $   38,923     $156,695     $   89,227   $   34,374 
EXPENSES:                                                                     
  Mortality and expense                                                       
   undertakings..........    (35,894)     (61,474)      (248,651)    (295,423)
                          ----------     --------     ----------   ---------- 
    Net investment income                                                     
     (loss)..............      3,029       95,221       (159,424)    (261,049)
                          ----------     --------     ----------   ---------- 
CAPITAL GAINS INCOME.....     62,779      198,480        654,328    2,161,295 
                          ----------     --------     ----------   ---------- 
NET REALIZED AND                                                              
 UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                                       
 ON INVESTMENTS:                                                              
  Net realized gain on                                                        
   security                                                                   
   transactions..........     10,866        4,859         31,812       10,578 
  Net unrealized                                                              
   (depreciation)                                                             
   appreciation of                                                            
   investments during the                                                     
   period................  1,091,582      177,917      3,847,668    5,999,319 
                          ----------     --------     ----------   ---------- 
    Net gain on                                                               
     investments.........  1,102,448      182,776      3,879,480    6,009,897 
                          ----------     --------     ----------   ---------- 
    Net increase in net                                                       
     assets resulting                                                         
     from operations..... $1,168,256     $476,477     $4,374,384   $7,910,143 
                          ==========     ========     ==========   ========== 

___________________________________ SA-9 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS76th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 76th
SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS                                             
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                            BOND          STOCK       MONEY MARKET
                                            FUND           FUND           FUND    
                                         SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                         -----------   ------------   ------------

OPERATIONS:                                                                       
  Net investment income (loss).......... $   659,201   $   (633,647)   $  235,249 
  Capital gains income..................     114,981     18,026,889           161 
  Net realized (loss) gain on security                                            
   transactions.........................     (19,976)     2,484,575       --      
  Net unrealized (depreciation)                                                   
   appreciation of investments during                                             
   the period...........................  (1,257,359)    18,838,148       --      
                                         -----------   ------------    ---------- 
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets                                           
   resulting from operations............    (503,153)    38,715,965       235,410 
                                         -----------   ------------    ---------- 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                
  Purchases.............................     877,749      7,131,167       523,946 
  Net transfers.........................    (881,035)     1,039,770      (237,078)
  Surrenders for benefit payments and                                             
   fees.................................  (1,214,915)   (14,377,881)     (535,282)
  Net annuity transactions..............    (154,673)    (1,808,549)       58,994 
                                         -----------   ------------    ---------- 
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets                                           
   resulting from unit transactions.....  (1,372,874)    (8,015,493)     (189,420)
                                         -----------   ------------    ---------- 
  Net (decrease) increase in net                                                  
   assets...............................  (1,876,027)    30,700,472        45,990 
NET ASSETS:                                                                       
  Beginning of period...................  16,938,033    211,921,519     6,520,325 
                                         -----------   ------------    ---------- 
  End of period......................... $15,062,006   $242,621,991    $6,566,315 
                                         ===========   ============    ========== 

HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS                                             
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                            BOND          STOCK       MONEY MARKET
                                            FUND           FUND           FUND    
                                         SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                         -----------   ------------   ------------

OPERATIONS:                                                                       
  Net investment income (loss).......... $   643,021   $   (320,715)  $   222,574 
  Capital gains income..................     --           5,882,426       --      
  Net realized gain (loss) on security                                            
   transactions.........................      62,787      8,889,332       --      
  Net unrealized appreciation                                                     
   (depreciation) of investments during                                           
   the period...........................     361,946     37,635,810       --      
                                         -----------   ------------   ----------- 
  Net increase in net assets resulting                                            
   from operations......................   1,067,754     52,086,853       222,574 
                                         -----------   ------------   ----------- 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                
  Purchases.............................     912,679      6,592,898       495,356 
  Net transfers.........................   1,735,405        242,331     1,098,990 
  Surrenders for benefit payments and                                             
   fees.................................  (1,328,850)   (11,790,542)   (1,154,260)
  Net annuity transactions..............     118,114     (1,031,092)      (75,788)
                                         -----------   ------------   ----------- 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets                                           
   resulting from unit transactions.....   1,437,348     (5,986,405)      364,298 
                                         -----------   ------------   ----------- 
  Net increase in net assets............   2,505,102     46,100,448       586,872 
NET ASSETS:                                                                       
  Beginning of period...................  14,432,931    165,821,071     5,933,453 
                                         -----------   ------------   ----------- 
  End of period......................... $16,938,033   $211,921,519   $ 6,520,325 
                                         ===========   ============   =========== 

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.      
__________________________________ SA-10 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS77th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 77th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                          CAPITAL       MORTGAGE                  INTERNATIONAL   DIVIDEND   
                                           ADVISERS     APPRECIATION   SECURITIES      INDEX      OPPORTUNITIES  AND GROWTH  
                                             FUND           FUND          FUND         FUND           FUND          FUND     
                                         SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT  SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                         ------------   ------------   -----------  -----------   -------------  ----------- 

OPERATIONS:                                                                                                                  
  Net investment income (loss).......... $  1,105,039   $   (784,784)  $  149,656   $   164,292    $    17,622   $   105,147 
  Capital gains income..................    7,575,377      7,303,697       --           756,329        --            871,549 
  Net realized (loss) gain on security                                                                                       
   transactions.........................       32,508        384,490          209        55,113         71,485        56,924 
  Net unrealized (depreciation)                                                                                              
   appreciation of investments during                                                                                        
   the period...........................        8,461     33,047,538     (137,396)    8,186,922      3,936,105      (108,988)
                                         ------------   ------------   ----------   -----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets                                                                                      
   resulting from operations............    8,721,385     39,950,941       12,469     9,162,656      4,025,212       924,632 
                                         ------------   ------------   ----------   -----------    -----------   ----------- 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                                                           
  Purchases.............................    5,766,833      8,678,190      256,864     4,686,636      1,026,238     2,788,276 
  Net transfers.........................    1,085,736     (2,258,982)    (207,674)    3,228,930        220,580      (960,677)
  Surrenders for benefit payments and                                                                                        
   fees.................................   (6,055,967)    (7,267,595)    (177,925)   (2,277,171)      (519,616)   (1,772,801)
  Net annuity transactions..............      658,379       (211,724)        (276)      257,961        (38,926)       20,963 
                                         ------------   ------------   ----------   -----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets                                                                                      
   resulting from unit transactions.....    1,454,981     (1,060,111)    (129,011)    5,896,356        688,276        75,761 
                                         ------------   ------------   ----------   -----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net (decrease) increase in net                                                                                             
   assets...............................   10,176,366     38,890,830     (116,542)   15,059,012      4,713,488     1,000,393 
NET ASSETS:                                                                                                                  
  Beginning of period...................   91,283,265    111,864,699    3,475,410    42,957,754     10,266,657    22,099,132 
                                         ------------   ------------   ----------   -----------    -----------   ----------- 
  End of period......................... $101,459,631   $150,755,529   $3,358,868   $58,016,766    $14,980,145   $23,099,525 
                                         ============   ============   ==========   ===========    ===========   =========== 



                                            CALVERT SOCIAL                                                                   
                                          BALANCED PORTFOLIO                                                                 
                                             SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                     
                                          ------------------                                                                 

OPERATIONS:                                                                                                                  
  Net investment income (loss)..........      $   50,872                                                                     
  Capital gains income..................         367,294                                                                     
  Net realized (loss) gain on security                                                                                       
   transactions.........................          14,784                                                                     
  Net unrealized (depreciation)                                                                                              
   appreciation of investments during                                                                                        
   the period...........................          60,504                                                                     
                                              ----------                                                                     
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets                                                                                      
   resulting from operations............         493,454                                                                     
                                              ----------                                                                     
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                                                           
  Purchases.............................         434,582                                                                     
  Net transfers.........................        (224,945)                                                                    
  Surrenders for benefit payments and                                                                                        
   fees.................................        (153,765)                                                                    
  Net annuity transactions..............         175,629                                                                     
                                              ----------                                                                     
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets                                                                                      
   resulting from unit transactions.....         231,501                                                                     
                                              ----------                                                                     
  Net (decrease) increase in net                                                                                             
   assets...............................         724,955                                                                     
NET ASSETS:                                                                                                                  
  Beginning of period...................       4,243,348                                                                     
                                              ----------                                                                     
  End of period.........................      $4,968,303                                                                     
                                              ==========                                                                     
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                         CAPITAL       MORTGAGE                  INTERNATIONAL   DIVIDEND   
                                          ADVISERS     APPRECIATION   SECURITIES      INDEX      OPPORTUNITIES  AND GROWTH  
                                            FUND           FUND          FUND         FUND           FUND          FUND     
                                         SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT  SUB-ACCOUNT    SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                         -----------   ------------   -----------  -----------   -------------  ----------- 

OPERATIONS:                                                                                                                 
  Net investment income (loss).......... $   929,613   $   (507,599)  $  179,661   $    73,444    $    22,163   $   118,445 
  Capital gains income..................   2,448,343      6,467,014       --           703,652        644,678       554,310 
  Net realized gain (loss) on security                                                                                      
   transactions.........................   1,582,801      3,648,830       14,296        35,759         55,547       (33,442)
  Net unrealized appreciation                                                                                               
   (depreciation) of investments during                                                                                     
   the period...........................  11,671,877      4,206,625      (10,512)    7,410,073        384,781     1,893,095 
                                         -----------   ------------   ----------   -----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net increase in net assets resulting                                                                                      
   from operations......................  16,632,634     13,814,870      183,445     8,222,928      1,107,169     2,532,408 
                                         -----------   ------------   ----------   -----------    -----------   ----------- 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                                                          
  Purchases.............................   5,710,527     10,043,845      290,758     3,542,564      1,295,646     2,740,504 
  Net transfers.........................   4,672,171     (4,177,559)    (134,090)    7,709,937       (908,131)    3,854,598 
  Surrenders for benefit payments and                                                                                       
   fees.................................  (4,297,456)    (6,489,893)    (324,882)   (2,057,610)      (917,114)   (1,314,938)
  Net annuity transactions..............   1,069,101        (70,995)      18,035       560,037        (60,468)      110,854 
                                         -----------   ------------   ----------   -----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets                                                                                     
   resulting from unit transactions.....   7,154,343       (694,602)    (150,179)    9,754,928       (590,067)    5,391,018 
                                         -----------   ------------   ----------   -----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net increase in net assets............  23,786,977     13,120,268       33,266    17,977,856        517,102     7,923,426 
NET ASSETS:                                                                                                                 
  Beginning of period...................  67,496,288     98,744,431    3,442,144    24,979,898      9,749,555    14,175,706 
                                         -----------   ------------   ----------   -----------    -----------   ----------- 
  End of period......................... $91,283,265   $111,864,699   $3,475,410   $42,957,754    $10,266,657   $22,099,132 
                                         ===========   ============   ==========   ===========    ===========   =========== 



                                            CALVERT SOCIAL                                                                  
                                          BALANCED PORTFOLIO                                                                
                                             SUB-ACCOUNT                                                                    
                                          ------------------                                                                

OPERATIONS:                                                                                                                 
  Net investment income (loss)..........      $   49,286                                                                    
  Capital gains income..................         211,876                                                                    
  Net realized gain (loss) on security                                                                                      
   transactions.........................          23,262                                                                    
  Net unrealized appreciation                                                                                               
   (depreciation) of investments during                                                                                     
   the period...........................         239,801                                                                    
                                              ----------                                                                    
  Net increase in net assets resulting                                                                                      
   from operations......................         524,225                                                                    
                                              ----------                                                                    
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                                                          
  Purchases.............................         495,534                                                                    
  Net transfers.........................          26,347                                                                    
  Surrenders for benefit payments and                                                                                       
   fees.................................        (187,099)                                                                   
  Net annuity transactions..............          20,431                                                                    
                                              ----------                                                                    
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets                                                                                     
   resulting from unit transactions.....         355,213                                                                    
                                              ----------                                                                    
  Net increase in net assets............         879,438                                                                    
NET ASSETS:                                                                                                                 
  Beginning of period...................       3,363,910                                                                    
                                              ----------                                                                    
  End of period.........................      $4,243,348                                                                    
                                              ==========                                                                    

__________________________________ SA-11 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS78th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 78th
SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS -- (CONTINUED)                              
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                                  AMERICAN  
                                                    AMERICAN     CENTURY VP 
                                                   CENTURY VP     CAPITAL   
                                                    ADVANTAGE   APPRECIATION
                                                      FUND          FUND    
                                                   SUB-ACCOUNT  SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                                   -----------  ------------

OPERATIONS:                                                                 
  Net investment income (loss)....................  $   6,089    $  (16,810)
  Capital gains income............................     23,850       --      
  Net realized gain on security transactions......     38,985         3,131 
  Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of                             
   investments during the period..................    (33,239)      784,514 
                                                    ---------    ---------- 
  Net increase in net assets resulting from                                 
   operations.....................................     35,685       770,835 
                                                    ---------    ---------- 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                          
  Purchases.......................................     58,593       254,542 
  Net transfers...................................   (378,748)      (19,911)
  Surrenders for benefit payments and fees........    (41,476)     (102,225)
  Net annuity transactions........................    (11,186)         (550)
                                                    ---------    ---------- 
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting                           
   from unit transactions.........................   (372,817)      131,856 
                                                    ---------    ---------- 
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets...........   (337,132)      902,691 
NET ASSETS:                                                                 
  Beginning of period.............................    337,132     1,173,932 
                                                    ---------    ---------- 
  End of period...................................  $  --        $2,076,623 
                                                    =========    ========== 

HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS -- (CONTINUED)                            
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998 

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                                  AMERICAN  
                                                    AMERICAN     CENTURY VP 
                                                   CENTURY VP     CAPITAL   
                                                    ADVANTAGE   APPRECIATION
                                                      FUND          FUND    
                                                   SUB-ACCOUNT  SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                                   -----------  ------------

OPERATIONS:                                                                 
  Net investment income (loss)....................  $  2,371     $  (14,526)
  Capital gains income............................    22,200         63,395 
  Net realized gain (loss) on security                                      
   transactions...................................     1,198        (16,383)
  Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of                             
   investments during the period..................    17,601        (61,793)
                                                    --------     ---------- 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting                           
   from operations................................    43,370        (29,307)
                                                    --------     ---------- 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                          
  Purchases.......................................    60,545        294,260 
  Net transfers...................................    13,214       (521,383)
  Surrenders for benefit payments and fees........   (27,765)       (58,707)
  Net annuity transactions........................      (768)          (486)
                                                    --------     ---------- 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting                           
   from unit transactions.........................    45,226       (286,316)
                                                    --------     ---------- 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets...........    88,596       (315,623)
NET ASSETS:                                                                 
  Beginning of period.............................   248,536      1,489,555 
                                                    --------     ---------- 
  End of period...................................  $337,132     $1,173,932 
                                                    ========     ========== 

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.      
__________________________________ SA-12 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS79th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 79th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                    FIDELITY      FIDELITY      FIDELITY      FIDELITY   
                                                       VIP         VIP II        VIP II          VIP     
                                                    OVERSEAS    ASSET MANAGER  CONTRAFUND      GROWTH    
                                                      FUND          FUND          FUND          FUND     
                                                   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                                   -----------  -------------  -----------   ----------- 

OPERATIONS:                                                                                              
  Net investment income (loss).................... $    3,029    $   95,221    $  (159,424)  $  (261,049)
  Capital gains income............................     62,779       198,480        654,328     2,161,295 
  Net realized gain on security transactions......     10,866         4,859         31,812        10,578 
  Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of                                                          
   investments during the period..................  1,091,582       177,917      3,847,668     5,999,319 
                                                   ----------    ----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net increase in net assets resulting from                                                              
   operations.....................................  1,168,256       476,477      4,374,384     7,910,143 
                                                   ----------    ----------    -----------   ----------- 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                                       
  Purchases.......................................    387,081       598,974      2,302,231     2,449,392 
  Net transfers...................................    443,568        42,815        825,702     4,848,698 
  Surrenders for benefit payments and fees........   (256,167)     (443,450)    (1,166,185)   (1,212,305)
  Net annuity transactions........................     --           --                 (43)       11,853 
                                                   ----------    ----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting                                                        
   from unit transactions.........................    574,482       198,339      1,961,705     6,097,638 
                                                   ----------    ----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net (decrease) increase in net assets...........  1,742,738       674,816      6,336,089    14,007,781 
NET ASSETS:                                                                                              
  Beginning of period.............................  2,480,609     4,719,677     17,882,564    18,161,148 
                                                   ----------    ----------    -----------   ----------- 
  End of period................................... $4,223,347    $5,394,493    $24,218,653   $32,168,929 
                                                   ==========    ==========    ===========   =========== 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                    FIDELITY      FIDELITY      FIDELITY      FIDELITY   
                                                       VIP         VIP II        VIP II          VIP     
                                                    OVERSEAS    ASSET MANAGER  CONTRAFUND      GROWTH    
                                                      FUND          FUND          FUND          FUND     
                                                   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT   SUB-ACCOUNT 
                                                   -----------  -------------  -----------   ----------- 

OPERATIONS:                                                                                              
  Net investment income (loss).................... $   10,125    $   54,671    $   (92,518)  $  (113,377)
  Capital gains income............................    112,345       313,180        618,218     1,488,257 
  Net realized gain (loss) on security                                                                   
   transactions...................................        956          (275)        12,359        13,141 
  Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of                                                          
   investments during the period..................     96,646       146,330      3,177,338     3,253,190 
                                                   ----------    ----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting                                                        
   from operations................................    220,072       513,906      3,715,397     4,641,211 
                                                   ----------    ----------    -----------   ----------- 
UNIT TRANSACTIONS:                                                                                       
  Purchases.......................................    377,694       629,178      2,095,903     1,855,983 
  Net transfers...................................     96,385       731,434        816,733     1,278,624 
  Surrenders for benefit payments and fees........   (196,825)     (338,204)      (696,448)     (573,796)
  Net annuity transactions........................     --           --                 (34)         (166)
                                                   ----------    ----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting                                                        
   from unit transactions.........................    277,254     1,022,408      2,216,154     2,560,645 
                                                   ----------    ----------    -----------   ----------- 
  Net increase (decrease) in net assets...........    497,326     1,536,314      5,931,551     7,201,856 
NET ASSETS:                                                                                              
  Beginning of period.............................  1,983,283     3,183,363     11,951,013    10,959,292 
                                                   ----------    ----------    -----------   ----------- 
  End of period................................... $2,480,609    $4,719,677    $17,882,564   $18,161,148 
                                                   ==========    ==========    ===========   =========== 

__________________________________ SA-13 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS80th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 80th
SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   
DECEMBER 31, 1999 
1.  ORGANIZATION:                                                             

  Separate Account Two (the Account) is a separate investment account within
Hartford Life Insurance Company (the Company) and is registered with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as a unit investment trust under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Both the Company and the
Account are subject to supervision and regulation by the Department of  
Insurance of the State of Connecticut and the SEC. The Account invests  
deposits by variable annuity contractholders of the Company in various  
mutual funds (the Funds) as directed by the contractholders.            

2.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:                                          

The following is a summary of significant accounting policies of the    
Account, which are in accordance with generally accepted accounting     
principles in the investment company industry:                          

a)  SECURITY TRANSACTIONS--Security transactions are recorded on the trade
  date (date the order to buy or sell is executed). Realized gains and
       losses on the sales of securities are computed on the basis of identified
cost of the fund shares sold. Dividend and capital gains income is
 accrued as of the ex-dividend date. Capital gains income represents
     dividends from the Funds which are characterized as capital gains under
tax regulations.                                                  

  b)  SECURITY VALUATION--The investments in shares of the Funds are valued at
    the closing net asset value per share as determined by the appropriate
Fund as of December 31, 1999.                                     

c)  UNIT TRANSACTIONS--Unit transactions are executed based on the unit   
values calculated at the close of the business day.               

 d)  FEDERAL INCOME TAXES--The operations of the Account form a part of, and
       are taxed with, the total operations of the Company, which is taxed as an
      insurance company under the Internal Revenue Code. Under current law, no
    federal income taxes are payable with respect to the operations of the
Account.                                                          

 e)  USE OF ESTIMATES--The preparation of financial statements in conformity
       with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
      estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
     liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported
    amounts of income and expenses during the period. Operating results in
the future could vary from the amounts derived from management's  
estimates.                                                        

3.  DEDUCTIONS AND CHARGES:                                                   

Certain amounts are deducted from the contracts, as described below:    

   a)  MORTALITY AND EXPENSE RISK CHARGES--The Company will make deductions at a
    maximum annual rate of 1.25% of the contract's value for the mortality
and expense risks which the Company undertakes.                   

  b)  TAX EXPENSE CHARGE--If applicable, the Company will make deductions at a
maximum rate of 3.50% of the contract's value to meet premium tax 
 requirements. An additional tax charge based on a percentage of the
   contract's value may be assessed to partial withrawals or surrenders.
     These expenses are included in surrenders for benefit payments and fees
in the accompanying statements of changes in net assets.          

c)  ANNUAL MAINTENANCE FEE--An annual maintenance fee in the amount of $30
 may be deducted from the contract's value each contract year. These
      expenses are included in surrenders for benefit payments and fees in the
accompaying statements of changes in net assets.                  

__________________________________ SA-14 ______________________________________ 

P-->485BPOS81st Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 81st
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
----------------------------------------------------

To Hartford Life Insurance Company:                                             

We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets of Hartford Life   
Insurance Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, and the    
related Consolidated Statements of Income, Changes in Stockholder's Equity and  
Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1999.   
These Consolidated Financial Statements and the schedules referred to below are 
the responsibility of Hartford Life Insurance Company's management. Our         
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and       
schedules based on our audits.                                                  

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free  
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit    
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement       
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our     
opinion.                                                                        

In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements referred to above present 
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Hartford Life       
Insurance Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, and the    
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in 
the period ended December 31, 1999 in conformity with accounting principles     
generally accepted in the United States.                                        

Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic         
financial statements taken as a whole. The schedules listed in the Index to     
Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules are presented for the purpose of
complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and are not part  
of the basic financial statements. These schedules have been subjected to the   
auditing procedures applied in the audits of the basic financial statements and,
in our opinion, fairly state in all material respects the financial data        
required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements  
taken as a whole.                                                               

Hartford, Connecticut                                                           
January 31, 2000                                             ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

F-1 

P-->485BPOS82nd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 82nd
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                    FOR THE YEARS ENDED       
                                                                        DECEMBER 31,          
                                                                                              
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                               1999         1998         1997 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                              
                                                                       (in millions)          
REVENUES                                                                                      
  Premiums and other considerations                           $2,045       $2,218       $1,637
  Net investment income                                        1,359        1,759        1,368
  Net realized capital gains (losses)                             (4)          (2)           4
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              TOTAL REVENUES   3,400        3,975        3,009
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BENEFITS, CLAIMS AND EXPENSES                                                                 
  Benefits, claims and claim adjustment expenses               1,574        1,911        1,379
  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs              539          431          335
  Dividends to policyholders                                     104          329          240
  Other expenses                                                 631          766          586
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         TOTAL BENEFITS, CLAIMS AND EXPENSES   2,848        3,437        2,540
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Income before income tax expense                               552          538          469
  Income tax expense                                             191          188          167
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  NET INCOME  $  361       $  350       $  302
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
F-2 

P-->485BPOS83rd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 83rd
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                     AS OF DECEMBER 31,   
                                                                                          
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                     1999           1998  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    (in millions, except  
                                                                       for share data)    
ASSETS                                                                                    
  Investments                                                                             
  Fixed maturities, available for sale, at fair value                                     
   (amortized cost of $13,923 and $14,505)                         $ 13,499       $ 14,818
  Equity securities, at fair value                                       56             31
  Policy loans, at outstanding balance                                4,187          6,684
  Other investments                                                     342            264
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           TOTAL INVESTMENTS         18,084         21,797
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Cash                                                                   55             17
  Premiums receivable and agents' balances                               29             17
  Reinsurance recoverables                                            1,274          1,257
  Deferred policy acquisition costs                                   4,013          3,754
  Deferred income tax                                                   459            464
  Other assets                                                          654            695
  Separate account assets                                           110,397         90,262
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                TOTAL ASSETS       $134,965       $118,263
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITIES                                                                               
  Future policy benefits                                           $  4,332       $  3,595
  Other policyholder funds                                           16,004         19,615
  Other liabilities                                                   1,613          2,094
  Separate account liabilities                                      110,397         90,262
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           TOTAL LIABILITIES        132,346        115,566
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY                                                                      
  Common stock -- 1,000 shares authorized, issued and                                     
   outstanding, par value $5,690                                          6              6
  Capital surplus                                                     1,045          1,045
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                           
    Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on securities, net                              
     of tax                                                            (255)           184
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         TOTAL ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)           (255)           184
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Retained earnings                                                   1,823          1,462
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  TOTAL STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY          2,619          2,697
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY       $134,965       $118,263
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
F-3 

P-->485BPOS84th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 84th
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                               Accumulated Other                             
                                                                 Comprehensive                               
                                                                 Income (Loss)                               
                                                               -----------------                             
                                                                                                             
                                                               Net Unrealized                                
                                                               Capital Gains                                 
                                                               (Losses) on                        Total      
                                            Common   Capital   Securities,         Retained     Stockholder's
                                            Stock    Surplus   Net of Tax          Earnings      Equity      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     (in millions)                           
1999                                                                                                         
Balance, December 31, 1998                    $6     $1,045          $ 184           $1,462        $2,697    
Comprehensive income                                                                                         
  Net income                                  --         --             --              361           361    
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of                                                                    
 tax (1):                                                                                                    
  Changes in net unrealized capital gains                                                                    
   (losses) on securities (2)                 --         --           (439)              --          (439)   
Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                              (439)   
  Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                                   (78)   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1999    $6     $1,045          $(255)          $1,823        $2,619    
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1998                                                                                                         
Balance, December 31, 1997                    $6     $1,045          $ 179           $1,113        $2,343    
Comprehensive income                                                                                         
  Net income                                  --         --             --              350           350    
Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                       
 (1):                                                                                                        
  Changes in net unrealized capital gains                                                                    
   on securities (2)                          --         --              5               --             5    
Total other comprehensive income                                                                        5    
  Total comprehensive income                                                                          355    
Dividends                                                                                (1)           (1)   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1998    $6     $1,045          $ 184           $1,462        $2,697    
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1997                                                                                                         
Balance, December 31, 1996                    $6     $1,045          $  30           $  811        $1,892    
Comprehensive income                                                                                         
  Net income                                  --         --             --              302           302    
Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                       
 (1):                                                                                                        
  Changes in net unrealized capital gains                                                                    
   on securities (2)                          --         --            149               --           149    
Total other comprehensive income                                                                      149    
  Total comprehensive income                                                                          451    
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1997    $6     $1,045          $ 179           $1,113        $2,343    
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) Net unrealized capital gain (loss) on securities is reflected net of tax of 
 $(236), $3 and $80, for the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997,
respectively.                                                           

(2) Net of reclassification adjustment for after-tax gains (losses) realized in 
   net income of $(2), $(1) and $2 for the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998
and 1997, respectively.                                                 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
F-4 

P-->485BPOS85th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 85th
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                   FOR THE YEARS ENDED      
                                                                       DECEMBER 31,         
                                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                1999       1998       1997  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                            
                                                                      (in millions)         
OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                                        
  Net income                                                  $   361    $   350    $   302 
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided                                  
   by operating activities                                                                  
  Depreciation and amortization                                   (18)       (23)         8 
  Net realized capital losses (gains)                               4          2         (4)
  Loss due to commutation of reinsurance                           16         --         -- 
  (Increase) decrease in premiums receivable and agents'                                    
   balances                                                       (18)         1        119 
  (Decrease) increase in other liabilities                       (263)       (79)       223 
  Change in receivables, payables, and accruals                   125         83        107 
  (Decrease) increase in accrued taxes                           (163)        60        126 
  Decrease (increase) in deferred income tax                      241       (118)        40 
  Increase in deferred policy acquisition costs                  (358)      (439)      (555)
  Increase in future policy benefits                              797        536        585 
  Increase in reinsurance recoverables                           (318)      (101)       (31)
  Other, net                                                      (81)        99         52 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES      325        371        972 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                                        
  Purchases of investments                                     (5,753)    (6,061)    (6,869)
  Sales of investments                                          6,383      4,901      4,256 
  Maturity of investments                                       1,818      1,761      2,329 
  Purchases of affiliates and other                               (25)        --         -- 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR) INVESTING ACTIVITIES    2,423        601       (284)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                                        
  Net disbursements for investment and universal life-type                                  
   contracts charged against policyholder accounts             (2,710)    (1,009)      (677)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net cash used for financing activities                     (2,710)    (1,009)      (677)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net increase (decrease) in cash                                  38        (37)        11 
  Cash -- beginning of year                                        17         54         43 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Cash -- end of year                                         $    55    $    17    $    54 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information:                                           
  Net Cash Paid During the Year for:                                                        
  Income taxes                                                $   111    $   263    $     9 
Noncash Investing Activities:                                                               
  In 1999, the Company's parent, Hartford Life and Accident Insurance Company, recaptured an
   in force block of individual life insurance previously ceded to the Company. This        
   commutation resulted in a reduction in the Company's assets of $666, consisting of $556  
   of invested assets, $99 of deferred policy acquisition costs and $11 of other assets.    
   Liabilities decreased $650, consisting of $543 of other policyholder funds, $60 of future
   policy benefits and $47 of other liabilities. As a result, the Company recognized an     
   after-tax loss relating to this transaction of $16.                                      

  In 1998, due to the recapture of an in force block of business previously ceded to MBL    
   Life Assurance Co. of New Jersey, reinsurance recoverables of $4,753 were exchanged for  
   the fair value of assets comprised of $4,310 in policy loans and $443 in other net       
   assets.                                                                                  

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
F-5 

P-->485BPOS86th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 86th
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES                                
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                      
(DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED)      

----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS                                     

These Consolidated Financial Statements include Hartford Life Insurance Company 
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries ("Hartford Life Insurance Company" or the     
"Company"), Hartford Life and Annuity Insurance Company (HLAI) and Hartford     
International Life Reassurance Corporation (HLRe), formerly American Skandia    
Life Reinsurance Corporation. The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of       
Hartford Life and Accident Insurance Company (HLA), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Hartford Life, Inc. (Hartford Life). Hartford Life is a direct subsidiary of    
Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company (HA&I), an indirect subsidiary of The   
Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The Hartford). In November 1998,       
Hartford Life Insurance Company transferred in the form of a dividend, Hartford 
Financial Services, LLC and its subsidiaries to HLA.                            

Pursuant to an initial public offering (the "IPO") on May 22, 1997, Hartford    
Life sold 26 million shares of Class A Common Stock at $28.25 per share and     
received proceeds, net of offering expenses, of $687. Of the proceeds, $527 was 
used to retire debt related to Hartford Life's outstanding promissory notes and 
line of credit with the remaining $160 contributed by Hartford Life to its      
insurance subsidiaries to support growth in its core businesses. Hartford Life  
became a publicly traded company upon the sale of 26 million shares representing
approximately 18.6% of the equity ownership in Hartford Life.                   

Along with its parent, HLA, the Company is a leading financial services and     
insurance company which provides (a) investment products such as individual     
variable annuities and fixed market value adjusted annuities, mutual funds and  
retirement plan services for savings and retirement needs; (b) life insurance   
for income protection and estate planning; (c) employee benefits products such  
as group life and disability insurance that is directly written by the Company  
and is substantially ceded to its parent, HLA, and (d) corporate owned life     
insurance.                                                                      

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES                                   
(A) BASIS OF PRESENTATION                                                       

These Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared on the basis of accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States, which differ materially from
the statutory accounting practices prescribed by various insurance regulatory   
authorities. All material intercompany transactions and balances between        
Hartford Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated.      

The preparation of financial statements, in conformity with accounting          
principles generally accepted in the United States, requires management to make 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and        
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of  
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses      
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
The most significant estimates include those used in determining deferred policy
acquisition costs and the liability for future policy benefits and other        
policyholder funds. Although some variability is inherent in these estimates,   
management believes the amounts provided are adequate.                          

Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year financial information to 
conform to the current year presentation.                                       

(B) ADOPTION OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS                                        

Effective January 1, 1999, Hartford Life Insurance Company adopted Statement of 
Position (SOP) No. 98-1, "Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software         
Developed or Obtained for Internal Use". This SOP provides guidance on          
accounting for the costs of internal use software and in determining whether the
software is for internal use. The SOP defines internal use software as software 
that is acquired, internally developed, or modified solely to meet internal     
needs and identifies stages of software development and accounting for the      
related costs incurred during the stages. Adoption of this SOP did not have a   
material impact on the Company's financial condition or results of operations.  

Effective January 1, 1999, Hartford Life Insurance Company adopted SOP          
No. 97-3, "Accounting by Insurance and Other Enterprises for Insurance-Related  
Assessments". This SOP addresses accounting by insurance and other enterprises  
for assessments related to insurance activities, including recognition,         
measurement and disclosure of guaranty fund or other assessments. Adoption of   
this SOP did not have a material impact on the Company's financial condition or 
results of operations.                                                          

The Company's cash flows were not impacted by these changes in accounting       
principles.                                                                     

(C) FUTURE ADOPTION OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS                                 

In June 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement  
of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 137, "Accounting for Derivative    
Instruments and Hedging Activities - Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB     
Statement No. 133". This statement amends SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for         
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities", to defer its effective date for 
one year, to fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. Initial                

F-6 

P-->485BPOS87th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 87th
application for Hartford Life Insurance Company will begin January 1, 2001. SFAS
No. 133 establishes accounting and reporting guidance for derivative            
instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other         
contracts. The standard requires, among other things, that all derivatives be   
carried on the balance sheet at fair value. The standard also specifies hedge   
accounting criteria under which a derivative can qualify for special accounting.
In order to receive special accounting, the derivative instrument must qualify  
as either a hedge of the fair value or the variability of the cash flow of a    
qualified asset or liability. Special accounting for qualifying hedges provides 
for matching the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument   
with the recognition of the corresponding changes in value of the hedged item.  
The Company has reviewed its derivative holdings and is in the process of       
quantifying the impact of SFAS No. 133. The Company is also assessing what      
actions, if any, need to be taken to minimize potential volatility, while at the
same time maintaining the economic protection needed to support the goals of its
business.                                                                       

In October 1998, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) 
issued SOP No. 98-7, "Accounting for Insurance and Reinsurance Contracts That Do
Not Transfer Insurance Risk". This SOP provides guidance on the method of       
accounting for insurance and reinsurance contracts that do not transfer         
insurance risk, defined in the SOP as the deposit method. This SOP is effective 
for financial statements for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 1999 and is  
not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial condition or  
results of operations.                                                          

(D) REVENUE RECOGNITION                                                         

Revenues for investment products and universal life-type policies consist of    
policy charges for policy administration, cost of insurance and surrender       
charges assessed to policy account balances and are recognized in the period in 
which services are provided. Premiums for traditional life insurance and        
disability policies are recognized as revenues ratably over the policy period.  

(E) DIVIDENDS TO POLICYHOLDERS                                                  

Certain life insurance policies contain dividend payment provisions that enable 
the policyholder to participate in the earnings on that participating block of  
business of the life insurance subsidiaries of the Company. The participating   
insurance in force accounted for 34%, 35% and 33% in 1999, 1998 and 1997,       
respectively, of total insurance in force.                                      

(F) INVESTMENTS                                                                 

Hartford Life Insurance Company's investments in both fixed maturities, which   
include bonds, redeemable preferred stock and commercial paper, and equity      
securities, which include common and non-redeemable preferred stocks, are       
classified as "available for sale" in accordance with SFAS No. 115, "Accounting 
for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities". Accordingly, these      
securities are carried at fair value with the after-tax difference from cost    
reflected in stockholder's equity as a component of accumulated other           
comprehensive income. Policy loans are carried at outstanding balance which     
approximates fair value. Other invested assets consist primarily of partnership 
investments, which are accounted for by the equity method, and mortgage loans,  
whereby the carrying value approximates fair value. Realized capital gains and  
losses on security transactions associated with the Company's immediate         
participation guaranteed contracts are excluded from revenues and deferred over 
the expected maturity of the securities, since under the terms of the contracts 
the realized gains and losses will be credited to policyholders in future years 
as they are entitled to receive them. Net realized capital gains and losses,    
excluding those related to immediate participation guaranteed contracts, are    
reported as a component of revenue and are determined on a specific             
identification basis.                                                           

The Company's accounting policy for impairment requires recognition of an other 
than temporary impairment charge on a security if it is determined that the     
Company is unable to recover all amounts due under the contractual obligations  
of the security. In addition, for securities expected to be sold, an other than 
temporary impairment charge is recognized if the Company does not expect the    
fair value of a security to recover to cost or amortized cost prior to the      
expected date of sale. Once an impairment charge has been recorded, the Company 
then continues to review the other than temporarily impaired securities for     
additional impairment, if necessary.                                            

(G) DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS                                                      

HEDGE ACCOUNTING -- Hartford Life Insurance Company uses a variety of derivative
instruments, including swaps, caps, floors, forwards and exchange traded        
financial futures and options as part of an overall risk management strategy.   
These instruments are used as a means of hedging exposure to price, foreign     
currency and/or interest rate risk on planned investment purchases or existing  
assets and liabilities. Hartford Life Insurance Company does not hold or issue  
derivative instruments for trading purposes. Hartford Life Insurance Company's  
accounting for derivative instruments used to manage risk is in accordance with 
the concepts established in SFAS No. 80, "Accounting for Futures Contracts",    
SFAS No. 52, "Foreign Currency Translation", AICPA SOP No. 86-2, "Accounting for
Options" and various Emerging Issues Task Force pronouncements. Written options 
are used, in all cases in conjunction with other assets and derivatives, as part
of the Company's asset and liability management strategy. Derivative instruments
are carried at values consistent with the asset or liability being hedged.      
Derivative instruments used to hedge fixed maturities or equity securities are  
carried at fair value with the after-tax difference from cost reflected in      
stockholder's equity. Derivative instruments used to hedge other invested assets
or liabilities are carried at cost. For a discussion of SFAS No. 133,           
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities", issued in June  
1998, see (c) Future Adoption of New Accounting Standards.                      

Derivative instruments must be designated at inception as a hedge and measured  
for effectiveness both at inception                                             

F-7 

P-->485BPOS88th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 88th
and on an ongoing basis. Hartford Life Insurance Company's correlation threshold
for hedge designation is 80% to 120%. If correlation, which is assessed monthly 
or quarterly and measured based on a rolling three month average, falls outside 
the 80% to 120% range, hedge accounting will be terminated. Derivative          
instruments used to create a synthetic asset must meet synthetic accounting     
criteria, including designation at inception and consistency of terms between   
the synthetic and the instrument being replicated. Consistent with industry     
practice, synthetic instruments are accounted for like the financial instrument 
they are intended to replicate. Derivative instruments which fail to meet risk  
management criteria, subsequent to acquisition, are marked to market with the   
impact reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income.                      

FUTURES -- Gains or losses on financial futures contracts entered into in       
anticipation of the investment of future receipt of product cash flows are      
deferred and, at the time of the ultimate investment purchase, reflected as an  
adjustment to the cost basis of the purchased asset. Gains or losses on futures 
used in invested asset risk management are deferred and adjusted into the cost  
basis of the hedged asset when the contract futures are closed, except for      
futures used in duration hedging, which are deferred and basis adjusted on a    
quarterly basis. The basis adjustments are amortized into net investment income 
over the remaining asset life.                                                  

FORWARD COMMITMENTS -- Open forward commitment contracts are marked to market   
through stockholder's equity. Such contracts are accounted for at settlement by 
recording the purchase of the specified securities at the previously committed  
price. Gains or losses resulting from the termination of forward commitment     
contracts are recognized immediately in the Consolidated Statements of Income as
a component of net investment income.                                           

OPTIONS -- The cost of options entered into as part of a risk management        
strategy are basis adjusted to the underlying asset or liability and amortized  
over the remaining life of the option. Gains or losses on expiration or         
termination are adjusted into the basis of the underlying asset or liability and
amortized over the remaining asset life.                                        

INTEREST RATE SWAPS -- Interest rate swaps involve the periodic exchange of     
payments without the exchange of underlying principal or notional amounts. Net  
receipts or payments are accrued and recognized over the life of the swap       
agreement as an adjustment to investment income. Should the swap be terminated, 
the gain or loss is adjusted into the basis of the asset or liability and       
amortized over the remaining life. Should the hedged asset be sold or liability 
terminated without terminating the swap position, any swap gains or losses are  
immediately recognized in earnings. Interest rate swaps purchased in            
anticipation of an asset purchase (anticipatory transaction) are recognized     
consistent with the underlying asset components such that the settlement        
component is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income while the      
change in market value is recognized as an unrealized capital gain or loss.     

INTEREST RATE CAPS AND FLOORS -- Premiums paid on purchased cap or floor        
agreements and the premium received on issued cap or floor agreements (used for 
risk management) are adjusted into the basis of the applicable asset and        
amortized over the asset life. Gains or losses on termination of such positions 
are adjusted into the basis of the asset or liability and amortized over the    
remaining asset life. Net payments are recognized as an adjustment to income or 
basis adjusted and amortized depending on the specific hedge strategy.          

FORWARD EXCHANGE AND CURRENCY SWAPS CONTRACTS -- Forward exchange contracts and 
foreign currency swaps are accounted for in accordance with SFAS No. 52. Changes
in the spot rate of instruments designated as hedges of the net investment in a 
foreign subsidiary are reflected in the cumulative translation adjustment       
component of stockholder's equity.                                              

Cash flows from futures, options and swaps, accounted for as hedges, are        
included with the cash flows of the item being hedged.                          

(H) SEPARATE ACCOUNTS                                                           

Hartford Life Insurance Company maintains separate account assets and           
liabilities which are reported at fair value. Separate account assets are       
segregated from other investments. Separate accounts reflect two categories of  
risk assumption: non-guaranteed separate accounts, wherein the policyholder     
assumes substantially all the investment risk and rewards, and guaranteed       
separate accounts, wherein the Company contractually guarantees either a minimum
return or account value to the policyholder.                                    

(I) DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS                                           

Policy acquisition costs, which include commissions and certain other expenses  
associated with acquiring business, are deferred and amortized over the         
estimated lives of the contracts, usually 20 years. Generally, acquisition costs
are deferred and amortized using the retrospective deposit method. Under the    
retrospective deposit method, acquisition costs are amortized in proportion to  
the present value of expected gross profits from surrender charges, investment  
charges, mortality and expense margins. Actual gross profits can vary from      
management's estimates, resulting in increases or decreases in the rate of      
amortization. Management periodically updates these estimates, when appropriate,
and evaluates the recoverability of the deferred acquisition cost asset. When   
appropriate, management revises its assumptions on the estimated gross profits  
of these contracts and the cumulative amortization for the books of business are
re-estimated and adjusted by a cumulative charge or credit to income.           

F-8 

P-->485BPOS89th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 89th
Acquisition costs and their related deferral are included in the Company's other
expenses as follows:                                                            

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                  1999         1998        1997  
                                                                                 
                                                  ------------------------------ 
Commissions                                       $ 887       $1,069       $ 976 
Deferred acquisition costs                         (898)        (891)       (862)
Other                                               642          588         472 
                                                  ------------------------------ 
                            TOTAL OTHER EXPENSES  $ 631       $  766       $ 586 
                                                  ------------------------------ 

(J) FUTURE POLICY BENEFITS                                                      

Liabilities for future policy benefits are computed by the net level premium    
method using interest rate assumptions varying from 3% to 11% and withdrawal and
mortality assumptions appropriate at the time the policies were issued.         

(K) OTHER POLICYHOLDER FUNDS                                                    

Other policyholder funds include reserves for investment contracts without life 
contingencies, corporate owned life insurance and universal life insurance      
contracts. These reserves are based on account values, which represent the      
balance that accrues to the benefit of policyholders.                           

3. INVESTMENTS AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS                                       
(A) COMPONENTS OF NET INVESTMENT INCOME                                         

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                    For the years ended       
                                                                        December 31,          
                                                              --------------------------------
                                                               1999         1998         1997 
                                                                                              
                                                              --------------------------------
Interest income from fixed maturities                         $  934       $  952       $  932
Interest income from policy loans                                391          789          425
Income from other investments                                     48           32           26
                                                              --------------------------------
Gross investment income                                        1,373        1,773        1,383
Less: Investment expenses                                         14           14           15
                                                              --------------------------------
                                       NET INVESTMENT INCOME  $1,359       $1,759       $1,368
                                                              --------------------------------

(B) COMPONENTS OF NET REALIZED CAPITAL GAINS (LOSSES)                           

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                               For the years ended    
                                                                   December 31,       
                                                            --------------------------
                                                            1999       1998       1997
                                                                                      
                                                            --------------------------
Fixed maturities                                            $(7)       $(28)      $(7)
Equity securities                                             2         21         12 
Real estate and other                                         1          5         (1)
                                                            --------------------------
                       NET REALIZED CAPITAL GAINS (LOSSES)  $(4)       $(2)       $ 4 
                                                            --------------------------

(C) NET UNREALIZED CAPITAL GAINS (LOSSES) ON EQUITY SECURITIES                  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                 For the years ended    
                                                                     December 31,       
                                                              --------------------------
                                                              1999       1998       1997
                                                                                        
                                                              --------------------------
Gross unrealized capital gains                                $ 9        $ 2        $14 
Gross unrealized capital losses                                (2)        (1)        -- 
                                                              --------------------------
Net unrealized capital gains                                    7          1         14 
Deferred income tax expense                                     2         --          5 
                                                              --------------------------
Net unrealized capital gains, net of tax                        5          1          9 
Balance -- beginning of year                                    1          9          8 
                                                              --------------------------
   NET CHANGE IN UNREALIZED CAPITAL GAINS (LOSSES) ON EQUITY                            
                                                  SECURITIES  $ 4        $(8)       $ 1 
                                                              --------------------------

F-9 

P-->485BPOS90th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 90th
(D) NET UNREALIZED CAPITAL GAINS (LOSSES) ON FIXED MATURITIES                   

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                  For the years ended      
                                                                      December 31,         
                                                              ---------------------------- 
                                                              1999        1998        1997 
                                                                                           
                                                              ---------------------------- 
Gross unrealized capital gains                                $  48       $ 421       $371 
Gross unrealized capital losses                                (472)       (108)       (80)
Unrealized capital (gains) losses credited to policyholders      24         (32)       (30)
                                                              ---------------------------- 
Net unrealized capital gains (losses)                          (400)        281        261 
Deferred income tax expense (benefit)                          (140)         98         91 
                                                              ---------------------------- 
Net unrealized capital gains (losses), net of tax              (260)        183        170 
Balance -- beginning of year                                    183         170         22 
                                                              ---------------------------- 
    NET CHANGE IN UNREALIZED CAPITAL GAINS (LOSSES) ON FIXED                               
                                                  MATURITIES  $(443)      $  13       $148 
                                                              ---------------------------- 

(E) FIXED MATURITY INVESTMENTS                                                  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                              As of December 31, 1999           
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                                                                Gross       Gross               
                                                                   Amortized  Unrealized  Unrealized            
                                                                     Cost       Gains       Losses    Fair Value
                                                                                                                
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------
U.S. Government and Government agencies and authorities                                                         
 (guaranteed and sponsored)                                         $   180      $ 5        $  (3)     $   182  
U.S. Government and Government agencies and authorities                                                         
 (guaranteed and sponsored) -- asset backed                           1,094        5          (35)       1,064  
States, municipalities and political subdivisions                       155        2           (1)         156  
Foreign governments                                                     289        6          (14)         281  
Public utilities                                                        865        7          (39)         833  
All other corporate, including international                          5,646       18         (244)       5,420  
All other corporate -- asset backed                                   4,103        5         (123)       3,985  
Short-term investments                                                1,156       --           --        1,156  
Certificates of deposit                                                 434       --          (12)         422  
Redeemable preferred stock                                                1       --           (1)          --  
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                           TOTAL FIXED MATURITIES   $13,923      $48        $(472)     $13,499  
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                              As of December 31, 1998           
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                                                                Gross       Gross               
                                                                   Amortized  Unrealized  Unrealized            
                                                                     Cost       Gains       Losses    Fair Value
                                                                                                                
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------
U.S. Government and Government agencies and authorities                                                         
 (guaranteed and sponsored)                                         $   121      $  2       $  --      $   123  
U.S. Government and Government agencies and authorities                                                         
 (guaranteed and sponsored) -- asset backed                           1,001        23          (8)       1,016  
States, municipalities and political subdivisions                       165         8          --          173  
Foreign governments                                                     393        26          (7)         412  
Public utilities                                                        844        33          (3)         874  
All other corporate, including international                          5,469       260         (42)       5,687  
All other corporate -- asset backed                                   4,155        58         (42)       4,171  
Short-term investments                                                1,847        --          --        1,847  
Certificates of deposit                                                 510        11          (6)         515  
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                           TOTAL FIXED MATURITIES   $14,505      $421       $(108)     $14,818  
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed maturity investments as of 
December 31, 1999 by estimated maturity year are shown below. Expected          
maturities differ from contractual maturities due to call or prepayment         
provisions. Asset backed securities, including mortgage backed securities and   
collateralized mortgage obligations, are distributed to maturity year based on  
the Company's estimates of the rate of future prepayments of principal over the 
remaining lives of the securities. These estimates are developed using          
prepayment speeds provided in broker consensus                                  

F-10

P-->485BPOS91st Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 91st
data. Such estimates are derived from prepayment speeds experienced at the      
interest rate levels projected for the applicable underlying collateral and can 
be expected to vary from actual experience.                                     

                                                                [Download Table]

                                          Amortized                   
                                            Cost            Fair Value
                                                                      
                                          ----------------------------
MATURITY                                                              
One year or less                           $ 2,454           $ 2,440  
Over one year through five years             4,874             4,787  
Over five years through ten years            3,072             2,940  
Over ten years                               3,523             3,332  
                                          ----------------------------
                                   TOTAL   $13,923           $13,499  
                                          ----------------------------

(F) SALES OF FIXED MATURITY AND EQUITY SECURITY INVESTMENTS                     

Sales of fixed maturities, excluding short-term fixed maturities, for the years 
ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 resulted in proceeds of $3.4 billion,    
$3.2 billion and $4.2 billion, gross realized capital gains of $153, $103 and   
$169, gross realized capital losses (including writedowns) of $160, $131 and    
$176, respectively. Sales of equity security investments for the years ended    
December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 resulted in proceeds of $7, $35 and $132 and   
gross realized capital gains of $2, $21 and $12, respectively, and no gross     
realized capital losses for all periods.                                        

(G) CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK                                                

The Company is not exposed to any significant concentration of credit risk in   
fixed maturities of a single issuer greater than 10% of stockholder's equity.   

(H) DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS                                                      

Hartford Life Insurance Company utilizes a variety of derivative instruments,   
including swaps, caps, floors, forwards and exchange traded futures and options,
in accordance with Company policy and in order to achieve one of three Company  
approved objectives: to hedge risk arising from interest rate, price or currency
exchange rate volatility; to manage liquidity; or, to control transactions      
costs. The Company utilizes derivative instruments to manage market risk through
four principal risk management strategies: hedging anticipated transactions,    
hedging liability instruments, hedging invested assets and hedging portfolios of
assets and/or liabilities. The Company does not trade in these instruments for  
the express purpose of earning trading profits.                                 

The Company maintains a derivatives counterparty exposure policy which          
establishes market based credit limits, favors long-term financial stability and
creditworthiness, and typically requires credit enhancement/credit risk reducing
agreements. Credit risk is measured as the amount owed to the Company based on  
current market conditions and potential payment obligations between the Company 
and its counterparties. Credit exposures are quantified weekly and netted, and  
collateral is pledged to or held by the Company to the extent the current value 
of derivatives exceed exposure policy thresholds.                               

The Company's derivative program is monitored by an internal compliance unit and
is reviewed by senior management. Notional amounts, which represent the basis   
upon which pay or receive amounts are calculated and are not reflective of      
credit risk, pertaining to derivative financial instruments (excluding the      
Company's guaranteed separate account derivative investments), totaled $5.5     
billion and $6.2 billion ($3.9 billion and $3.9 billion related to the Company's
investments, $1.6 billion and $2.3 billion on the Company's liabilities) as of  
December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively.                                       

The tables below provide a summary of derivative instruments held by Hartford   
Life Insurance Company as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, segregated by major    
investment and liability category:                                              

F-11

P-->485BPOS92nd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 92nd
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                          1999 -- Amount Hedged (Notional Amounts)                     
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      Total    Issued    Purchased                 Interest Rate   Foreign      Total  
                                     Carrying  Caps &   Caps, Floors                  Swaps &      Currency   Notional 
           ASSETS HEDGED              Value    Floors    & Options    Futures (1)    Forwards     Swaps (2)    Amount  
                                                                                                                       
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Asset backed securities (excluding                                                                                     
 anticipatory)                       $ 5,049   $   --      $   --        $   --       $  911          $--      $  911  
Anticipatory (3)                          --       --          --             5          112           --         117  
Other bonds and notes                  7,294      494         611            --        1,676           80       2,861  
Short-term investments                 1,156       --          --            --           --           --          --  
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             TOTAL FIXED MATURITIES   13,499      494         611             5        2,699           80       3,889  
Equity securities, policy loans and                                                                                    
 other investments                     4,585       --          --            --           --           --          --  
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  TOTAL INVESTMENTS  $18,084      494         611             5        2,699           80       3,889  
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           OTHER POLICYHOLDER FUNDS  $16,004       --       1,150            --          430           --       1,580  
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS --                                                                                    
                     NOTIONAL VALUE            $  494      $1,761        $    5       $3,129          $80      $5,469  
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS --                                                                                    
                         FAIR VALUE            $  (22)     $    8        $   --       $  (30)         $ 2      $  (42) 
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                        1998 -- Amount Hedged (Notional Amounts)                    
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      Total    Issued    Purchased                Interest Rate   Foreign    Total  
                                     Carrying  Caps &     Caps &                     Swaps &     Currency   Notional
           ASSETS HEDGED              Value    Floors     Floors     Futures (1)    Forwards     Swaps (2)   Amount 
                                                                                                                    
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Asset backed securities (excluding                                                                                  
 anticipatory)                       $ 5,187   $   44     $  243         $ 3         $  885         $--      $1,175 
Anticipatory (3)                          --       --         --          --            235          --         235 
Other bonds and notes                  7,683      461        597          18          1,300          90       2,466 
Short-term investments                 1,948       --         --          --             --          --          -- 
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             TOTAL FIXED MATURITIES   14,818      505        840          21          2,420          90       3,876 
Equity securities, policy loans and                                                                                 
 other investments                     6,979       --         --          --             --          --          -- 
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  TOTAL INVESTMENTS  $21,797      505        840          21          2,420          90       3,876 
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           OTHER POLICYHOLDER FUNDS  $19,615       --      1,150          --          1,195          --       2,345 
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS --                                                                                 
                     NOTIONAL VALUE            $  505     $1,990         $21         $3,615         $90      $6,221 
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS --                                                                                 
                         FAIR VALUE            $   (6)    $   19         $--         $   27         $(7)     $   33 
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) As of December 31, 1999 and 1998, approximately 100% and 5%,        
respectively, of the notional futures contracts expire within one year.         

(2) As of December 31, 1999 and 1998, approximately 28% and 11%,        
respectively, of foreign currency swaps expire within one year.                 

  (3) Deferred gains and losses on anticipatory transactions are included in
the carrying value of fixed maturities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At   
the time of the ultimate purchase, they are reflected as a basis adjustment to  
the purchased asset. As of December 31, 1999, the Company had $1.4 of net       
deferred losses on interest rate swaps and futures. The Company expects to basis
adjust the entire loss in 2000. During 1999, $0.2 of new future activity was    
basis adjusted. As of December 31, 1998, the Company had no deferred gains for  
interest rate swaps.                                                            

F-12

P-->485BPOS93rd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 93rd
The following is a reconciliation of notional amounts by derivative type and    
strategy as of December 31, 1999 and 1998:                                      

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                            BY DERIVATIVE TYPE                                 
                                                                                                                               
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------       

December 31, 1998                     Maturities/         December 31, 1999 
                                                    Notional Amount    Additions      Terminations (1)        Notional Amount  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                               
        Caps                                             $1,912          $   --            $  148                  $1,764      
        Floors                                              583              --               178                     405      
        Swaps/Forwards                                    3,705             991             1,487                   3,209      
        Futures                                              21             292               308                       5      
        Options                                              --              86                --                      86      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        TOTAL            $6,221          $1,369            $2,121                  $5,469      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                                   BY STRATEGY                                 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Liability                                        $2,345          $   17            $  782                  $1,580      
        Anticipatory                                        235             204               322                     117      
        Asset                                             2,398             831               427                   2,802      
        Portfolio                                         1,243             317               590                     970      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        TOTAL            $6,221          $1,369            $2,121                  $5,469      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) During 1999, the Company had no significant gains or losses on      
terminations of hedge positions using derivative financial instruments.         

4. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS                                          

SFAS No. 107 "Disclosure about Fair Value of Financial Instruments" requires    
disclosure of fair value information of financial instruments. For certain      
financial instruments where quoted market prices are not available, other       
independent valuation techniques and assumptions are used. Because considerable 
judgment is used, these estimates are not necessarily indicative of amounts that
could be realized in a current market exchange. SFAS No. 107 excludes certain   
financial instruments from disclosure, including insurance contracts. Hartford  
Life Insurance Company uses the following methods and assumptions in estimating 
the fair value of each class of financial instrument.                           

Fair value for fixed maturities and marketable equity securities approximates   
those quotations published by applicable stock exchanges or received from other 
reliable sources.                                                               

For policy loans, carrying amounts approximate fair value.                      

Other invested assets consist primarily of partnership investments, which are   
accounted for by the equity method, and mortgage loans, whereby the carrying    
value approximates fair value.                                                  

Other policyholder funds fair value information is determined by estimating     
future cash flows, discounted at the current market rate.                       

The fair value of derivative financial instruments, including swaps, caps,      
floors, futures, options and forward commitments, is determined using a pricing 
model which is similar to external valuation models.                            

The carrying amount and fair values of Hartford Life Insurance Company's        
financial instruments as of December 31, 1999 and 1998 were as follows:         

                                                                [Download Table]

                                      1999               1998       
                                ------------------------------------
                                Carrying   Fair    Carrying   Fair  
                                 Amount    Value    Amount    Value 
                                                                    
                                ------------------------------------
ASSETS                                                              
  Fixed maturities              $13,499   $13,499  $14,818   $14,818
  Equity securities                  56        56       31        31
  Policy loans                    4,187     4,187    6,684     6,684
  Other investments                 342       348      264       309
LIABILITIES                                                         
  Other policyholder funds (1)   11,734    11,168   11,709    11,726
                                ------------------------------------

(1) Excludes corporate owned life insurance and universal life insurance
contracts.                                                                      

F-13

P-->485BPOS94th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 94th
5. SEPARATE ACCOUNTS                                                            

Hartford Life Insurance Company maintained separate account assets and          
liabilities totaling $110.4 billion and $90.3 billion as of December 31, 1999   
and 1998, respectively, which are reported at fair value. Separate account      
assets, which are segregated from other investments, reflect two categories of  
risk assumption: non-guaranteed separate accounts totaling $101.7 billion and   
$80.6 billion as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively, wherein the       
policyholder assumes substantially all the investment risk, and guaranteed      
separate accounts totaling $8.7 and $9.7 billion as of December 31, 1999 and    
1998, respectively, wherein Hartford Life Insurance Company contractually       
guarantees either a minimum return or account value to the policyholder.        
Included in non-guaranteed separate account assets were policy loans totaling   
$860 and $1.8 billion as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Net       
investment income (including net realized capital gains and losses) and interest
credited to policyholders on separate account assets are not reflected in the   
Consolidated Statements of Income.                                              

Separate account management fees and other revenues were $1.1 billion, $908 and 
$699 in 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively. The guaranteed separate accounts     
include fixed market value adjusted (MVA) individual annuities and modified     
guaranteed life insurance. The average credited interest rate on these contracts
was 6.5% and 6.6% as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The assets    
that support these liabilities were comprised of $8.7 billion and $9.5 billion  
in fixed maturities as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively, and $0.2    
billion of other invested assets as of December 31, 1998. The portfolios are    
segregated from other investments and are managed to minimize liquidity and     
interest rate risk. In order to minimize the risk of disintermediation          
associated with early withdrawals, fixed MVA annuity and modified guaranteed    
life insurance contracts carry a graded surrender charge as well as a market    
value adjustment. Additional investment risk is hedged using a variety of       
derivatives which totaled $(96) and $40 in carrying value and $2.0 billion and  
$3.5 billion in notional amounts as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

6. STATUTORY RESULTS                                                            

                                                                [Download Table]

                                 For the years ended December 31,  
                               ------------------------------------
                                1999           1998           1997 
                                                                   
                               ------------------------------------
Statutory net income           $  151         $  211         $  214
                               ------------------------------------
Statutory capital and surplus  $1,905         $1,676         $1,441
                               ------------------------------------

A significant percentage of the consolidated statutory surplus is permanently   
reinvested or is subject to various state regulatory restrictions which limit   
the payment of dividends without prior approval. The total amount of statutory  
dividends which may be paid by the insurance subsidiaries of the Company in     
2000, without prior regulatory approval, is estimated to be $190.               

Hartford Life Insurance Company and its domestic insurance subsidiaries prepare 
their statutory financial statements in accordance with accounting practices    
prescribed by the applicable state of domicile. Prescribed statutory accounting 
practices include publications of the National Association of Insurance         
Commissioners (NAIC), as well as state laws, regulations and general            
administrative rules.                                                           

The NAIC adopted the Codification of Statutory Accounting Principles (SAP) in   
March 1998. The proposed effective date for the statutory accounting guidance is
January 1, 2001. It is expected that Hartford Life Insurance Company's          
domiciliary state will adopt the SAP and the Company will make the necessary    
changes required for implementation. The Company has not yet determined the     
impact that the SAP will have on the statutory financial statements of Hartford 
Life Insurance Company and its insurance subsidiaries.                          

7. STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS                                                     

Hartford Life Insurance Company's employees are included in the 1997 Hartford   
Life, Inc. Incentive Stock Plan (the "Plan"), which was adopted during the      
second quarter of 1997. Under the Plan, options granted may be either non-      
qualified options or incentive stock options qualifying under Section 422A of   
the Internal Revenue Code, stock appreciation rights, performance shares or     
restricted stock, or any combination of the foregoing. The aggregate number of  
shares of Class A Common Stock which may be awarded in any one year shall be    
subject to an annual limit. The maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock
which may be granted under the Plan in each year shall be 1.5% of the total     
issued and outstanding shares of Hartford Life Class A and Class B Common Stock 
and treasury stock as reported in the Annual Report on Hartford Life's Form 10-K
of the Company for the preceding year plus unused portions of such limit from   
prior years.                                                                    

In addition, no more than 5 million shares of Class A Common Stock shall be     
cumulatively available for awards of incentive stock options under the Plan, and
no more than 20% of the total number of shares on a cumulative basis shall be   
available for restricted stock and performance shares awards. Performance shares
awards of common stock granted under the Plan become payable upon the attainment
of specific performance goals achieved over a three year period.                

F-14

P-->485BPOS95th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 95th
All options granted have an exercise price equal to the market price of the     
Company's stock on the date of grant and an option's maximum term is ten years. 
Certain non-performance based options become exercisable upon the attainment of 
specified market price appreciation of Hartford Life's common shares or at seven
years after the date of grant, while the remaining non-performance based options
become exercisable over a three year period commencing with the date of grant.  

During the second quarter of 1997, Hartford Life established the Hartford Life, 
Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). Under this plan, eligible employees of
Hartford Life and the Company may purchase Class A Common Stock of Hartford Life
at a 15% discount from the lower of the market price at the beginning or end of 
the quarterly offering period. Hartford Life may sell up to 2,700,000 shares of 
stock to eligible employees. Hartford Life sold 120,694, 121,943 and 54,316     
shares under the ESPP in 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively. The weighted average
fair value of the discount under the ESPP was $7.48 per share in 1999, $13.74   
per share in 1998 and $9.63 per share in 1997.                                  

8. POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT AND SAVINGS PLANS                                     
(A) PENSION PLANS                                                               

Hartford Life Insurance Company's employees are included in The Hartford's      
noncontributory defined benefit pension plans. These plans provide pension      
benefits that are based on years of service and the employee's compensation     
during the last ten years of employment. The Company's funding policy is to     
contribute annually an amount between the minimum funding requirements set forth
in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the     
maximum amount that can be deducted for U.S. federal income tax purposes.       
Generally, pension costs are funded through the purchase of the Company's group 
pension contracts. The cost to the Company was approximately $6 in both 1999 and
1998, and $5 in 1997.                                                           

The Company also provides, through The Hartford, certain health care and life   
insurance benefits for eligible retired employees. A substantial portion of the 
Company's employees may become eligible for these benefits upon retirement. The 
Company's contribution for health care benefits will depend on the retiree's    
date of retirement and years of service. In addition, the plan has a defined    
dollar cap which limits average Company contributions. The Company has prefunded
a portion of the health care and life insurance obligations through trust funds 
where such prefunding can be accomplished on a tax effective basis.             
Postretirement health care and life insurance benefits expense, allocated by The
Hartford, was immaterial to the results of operations for 1999, 1998 and 1997.  

The assumed rate in the per capita cost of health care (the health care trend   
rate) was 7.1% for 1999, decreasing ratably to 5.0% in the year 2003. Increasing
or decreasing the health care trend rates by one percent per year would have an 
immaterial impact on the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation and the  
annual expense. To the extent that the actual experience differs from the       
inherent assumptions, the effect will be amortized over the average future      
service of covered employees.                                                   

(B) INVESTMENT AND SAVINGS PLAN                                                 

Substantially all employees of the Company are eligible to participate in The   
Hartford's Investment and Savings Plan. Under this plan, designated             
contributions, which may be invested in Class A Common Stock of Hartford Life or
certain other investments, are matched, up to 3% of compensation, by the        
Company. The cost to Hartford Life Insurance Company for the above-mentioned    
plan was approximately $4 in both 1999 and 1998, and $2 in 1997.                

9. REINSURANCE                                                                  

Hartford Life Insurance Company cedes insurance to other insurers in order to   
limit its maximum losses. Such transfer does not relieve Hartford Life Insurance
Company of its primary liability. Failure of reinsurers to honor their          
obligations could result in losses to Hartford Life Insurance Company. Hartford 
Life Insurance Company reduces this risk by evaluating the financial condition  
of reinsurers, and monitoring for possible concentrations of credit risk.       
Hartford Life Insurance Company has no significant reinsurance related          
concentrations of credit risk.                                                  

The Company records a receivable for the portion of reinsured benefits paid and 
insurance liabilities. Reinsurance recoveries on ceded reinsurance contracts    
were $397, $300 and $418 for the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997,  
respectively. Hartford Life Insurance Company also assumes insurance from other 
insurers.                                                                       

The effect of reinsurance on premiums and other considerations is summarized as 
follows:                                                                        

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                For the years ended December 31,   
                                                              ------------------------------------ 
                                                               1999           1998           1997  
                                                                                                   
                                                              ------------------------------------ 
Direct premiums and other considerations                      $2,660         $2,722         $2,164 
Reinsurance assumed                                               95            150            159 
Reinsurance ceded                                               (710)          (654)          (686)
                                                              ------------------------------------ 
                           PREMIUMS AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS  $2,045         $2,218         $1,637 
                                                              ------------------------------------ 

F-15

P-->485BPOS96th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 96th
Hartford Life Insurance Company maintains certain reinsurance agreements with   
HLA, whereby the Company cedes both group life and group accident and health    
risk. Under these treaties, the Company ceded group life premium of $119, $132  
and $80 in 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively, and accident and health premium of
$430, $379, and $335, respectively, to HLA.                                     

Pursuant to a reinsurance agreement dating back to 1992, the Company assumed    
100% of certain blocks of individual life insurance from HLA. Under this        
reinsurance agreement Hartford Life Insurance Company assumed $9, $13 and $18 of
premium from HLA in 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively. On December 1, 1999, HLA 
recaptured this in force block of individual life insurance previously ceded to 
the Company. This commutation resulted in a reduction in the Company's assets of
$666, consisting of $556 of invested assets, $99 of deferred policy acquisition 
costs and $11 of other assets. Liabilities decreased $650, consisting of $543 of
other policyholder funds, $60 of future policy benefits and $47 of other        
liabilities. As a result, the Company recognized an after-tax loss relating to  
this transaction of $16.                                                        

In 1998, the Hartford Life recaptured an in force block of Corporate Owned Life 
Insurance (COLI) business previously ceded to MBL Assurance Co. of New Jersey   
(MBL Life). The transaction was consummated through an assignment of a          
reinsurance arrangement between Hartford Life and MBL Life to a Hartford Life   
subsidiary. Hartford Life originally assumed the life insurance block in 1992   
from Mutual Benefit Life, which was placed in court-supervised rehabilitation in
1991, and reinsured a portion of those policies back to MBL Life. This recapture
was effective January 1, 1998 and resulted in a decrease in ceded premiums and  
other considerations of $163 in 1998. Additionally, this transaction resulted in
a decrease in reinsurance recoverables of $4.8 billion, which was exchanged for 
the fair value of assets comprised of $4.3 billion in policy loans and $443 in  
other net assets.                                                               

10. INCOME TAX                                                                  

Hartford Life and The Hartford have entered into a tax sharing agreement under  
which each member in the consolidated U.S. federal income tax return will make  
payments between them such that, with respect to any period, the amount of taxes
to be paid by the Company, subject to certain adjustments, generally will be    
determined as though the Company were filing separate federal, state and local  
income tax returns.                                                             

As long as The Hartford continues to own at least 80% of the combined voting    
power and 80% of the value of the outstanding capital stock of Hartford Life,   
the Company will be included for federal income tax purposes in the affiliated  
group of which The Hartford is the common parent. It is the intention of The    
Hartford and its non-life subsidiaries to file a single consolidated federal    
income tax return. The life insurance companies will file a separate            
consolidated federal income tax return for 1997 and 1998 and intend to file a   
separate consolidated federal income tax return for 1999. The Company's         
effective tax rate was 35%, 35% and 36% in 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively.   

Income tax expense (benefit) is as follows:                                     

                                                                [Download Table]

                                   For the years ended      
                                       December 31,         
                              ------------------------------
                              1999         1998         1997
                                                            
                              ------------------------------
Current                       $(50)        $307         $162
Deferred                       241         (119)           5
                              ------------------------------
          INCOME TAX EXPENSE  $191         $188         $167
                              ------------------------------

A reconciliation of the tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate to the 
provision (benefit) for income taxes is as follows:                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                              For the years ended      
                                                                  December 31,         
                                                         ------------------------------
                                                         1999         1998         1997
                                                                                       
                                                         ------------------------------
Tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate         $193         $188         $164
Other                                                      (2)          --            3
                                                         ------------------------------
                                                  TOTAL  $191         $188         $167
                                                         ------------------------------

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) include the following as of December 31:      

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                                      1999    1998  
                                                                                    
                                                              --------------------- 
Tax basis deferred policy acquisition costs                           $ 720   $ 751 
Financial statement deferred policy acquisition costs and                           
 reserves                                                                11     103 
Employee benefits                                                        (3)      4 
Net unrealized capital losses (gains) on securities                     138     (98)
Investments and other                                                  (407)   (296)
                                                              --------------------- 
                                                       TOTAL          $ 459   $ 464 
                                                              --------------------- 

F-16

P-->485BPOS97th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 97th
Hartford Life Insurance Company had a current tax receivable of $56 as of       
December 31, 1999 and a current tax payable of $65 as of December 31, 1998.     

Prior to the Tax Reform Act of 1984, the Life Insurance Company Income Tax Act  
of 1959 permitted the deferral from taxation of a portion of statutory income   
under certain circumstances. In these situations, the deferred income was       
accumulated in a "Policyholders' Surplus Account" and, based on current tax law,
will be taxable in the future only under conditions which management considers  
to be remote; therefore, no federal income taxes have been provided on the      
balance in this account, which for tax return purposes was $104 as of December
31, 1999.                                                                       

11. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS                                                  

Transactions of the Company with its affiliates relate principally to tax       
settlements, reinsurance, insurance coverage, rental and service fees, payment  
of dividends and capital contributions. In addition, certain affiliated         
insurance companies purchased group annuity contracts from the Company to fund  
pension costs and claim annuities to settle casualty claims. Substantially all  
general insurance expenses related to the Company, including rent and employee  
benefit plan expenses, are initially paid by The Hartford. Direct expenses are  
allocated to the Company using specific identification, and indirect expenses   
are allocated using other applicable methods. Indirect expenses include those   
for corporate areas which, depending on type, are allocated based on either a   
percentage of direct expenses or on utilization. Indirect expenses allocated to 
the Company by The Hartford were $47 in both 1999 and 1998 and $39 in 1997.     

12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES                                      
(A) LITIGATION                                                                  

Hartford Life Insurance Company is involved in pending and threatened litigation
in the normal course of its business in which claims for alleged economic and   
punitive damages have been asserted. Some of these cases have been filed as     
purported class actions and some cases have been filed in certain jurisdictions 
that permit punitive damage awards disproportionate to the actual damages       
incurred. Although there can be no assurances, at the present time the Company  
does not anticipate that the ultimate liability arising from such pending or    
threatened litigation, after consideration of provisions made for estimated     
losses and costs of defense, will have a material adverse effect on the         
financial condition or operating results of the Company.                        

(B) GUARANTY FUNDS                                                              

Under insurance guaranty fund laws in each state, the District of Columbia and  
Puerto Rico, insurers licensed to do business can be assessed by state insurance
guaranty associations for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies  
to policyholders and claimants. Recent regulatory actions against certain large 
life insurers encountering financial difficulty have prompted various state     
insurance guaranty associations to begin assessing life insurance companies for 
the deemed losses. Most of these laws do provide, however, that an assessment   
may be excused or deferred if it would threaten an insurer's solvency and       
further provide annual limits on such assessments. Part of the assessments paid 
by the Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to these laws may be used as       
credits for a portion of the associated premium taxes. The Company paid guaranty
fund assessments of approximately $2, $9 and $15 in 1999, 1998 and 1997,        
respectively, of which $1 in 1999 and $4 in both 1998 and 1997 were estimated to
be creditable against premium taxes.                                            

(C) LEASES                                                                      

The rent paid to Hartford Fire for space occupied by the Company was $9 in 1999 
and $7 in both 1998 and 1997. Future minimum rental commitments are as follows: 

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                      
2000                                                          $     14
2001                                                                14
2002                                                                13
2003                                                                12
2004                                                                12
Thereafter                                                          62
                                                              --------
                                                       TOTAL  $    127
                                                              --------

The principal executive offices of Hartford Life Insurance Company, together    
with its parent, are located in Simsbury, Connecticut. Rental expense is        
recognized on a level basis over the term of the primary sublease for the       
facility located in Simsbury, Connecticut, which expires on December 31, 2009,  
and amounted to approximately $9 in each of the years ended December 31, 1999,  
1998 and 1997.                                                                  

(D) TAX MATTERS                                                                 

Hartford Life's federal income tax returns are routinely audited by the Internal
Revenue Service. Hartford Life's 1996-1997 federal income tax returns are       
currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service. Management believes that 
sufficient provision has been made in the financial statements for issues that  
may result from tax examinations and other tax related matters for all open tax 
years.                                                                          

F-17

P-->485BPOS98th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 98th
13. SEGMENT INFORMATION                                                         

Hartford Life Insurance Company is organized into three reportable operating    
segments which include Investment Products, Individual Life and Corporate Owned 
Life Insurance (COLI). Investment Products offers individual fixed and variable 
annuities, mutual funds, retirement plan services other investment products.    
Individual Life sells a variety of life insurance products, including variable  
life, universal life, interest sensitive whole life and term life insurance.    
COLI primarily offers variable products used by employers to fund non-qualified 
benefits or other post-employment benefit obligations as well as leveraged COLI.
The Company includes in "Other" corporate items not directly allocable to any of
its reportable operating segments, as well as certain employee benefit products 
including group life and disability insurance that is directly written by the   
Company and is substantially ceded to its parent, HLA.                          

The accounting policies of the reportable operating segments are the same as    
those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 2.    
Hartford Life Insurance Company evaluates performance of its segments based on  
revenues, net income and the segment's return on allocated capital. The Company 
charges direct operating expenses to the appropriate segment and allocates the  
majority of indirect expenses to the segments based on an intercompany expense  
arrangement. Intersegment revenues are not significant and primarily occur      
between corporate and the operating segments. These amounts include interest    
income on allocated surplus and the amortization of net realized capital gains  
and losses through net investment income utilizing the duration of the segment's
investment portfolios. The Company's revenues are primarily derived from        
customers within the United States. The Company's long-lived assets primarily   
consist of deferred policy acquisition costs and deferred tax assets from within
the United States. The following tables outlines summarized financial           
information concerning the Company's segments.                                  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                   Investment  Individual                            
1999                                                Products      Life       COLI    Other    Total  
                                                                                                     
                                                   --------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                                      $  1,884     $  574    $   830   $  112  $  3,400
Net investment income                                    699        169        431       60     1,359
Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs        411        128         --       --       539
Income tax expense (benefit)                             159         37         15      (20)      191
Net income (loss)                                        300         68         28      (35)      361
Assets                                               106,352      5,962     20,198    2,453   134,965

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                   Investment  Individual                            
1998                                                Products      Life       COLI    Other    Total  
                                                                                                     
                                                   --------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                                       $ 1,779     $  543    $ 1,567   $   86  $  3,975
Net investment income                                    736        181        793       49     1,759
Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs        326        105         --       --       431
Income tax expense (benefit)                             145         35         12       (4)      188
Net income (loss)                                        270         64         24       (8)      350
Assets                                                87,207      5,228     22,631    3,197   118,263

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                   Investment  Individual                           
1997                                                Products      Life       COLI    Other    Total 
                                                                                                    
                                                   -------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                                       $ 1,510     $  487    $   980   $   32  $ 3,009
Net investment income                                    739        164        429       36    1,368
Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs        250         83         --        2      335
Income tax expense                                       111         30         15       11      167
Net income                                               206         55         27       14      302
Assets                                                72,288      4,914     17,800    2,743   97,745

14. QUARTERLY RESULTS FOR 1999 AND 1998 (UNAUDITED)                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                             Three Months Ended                              
                                                                                                             
                                   March 31,           June 30,          September 30,       December 31,    
                               ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 1999      1998      1999      1998      1999      1998      1999       1998 
                               ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revenues                         $838      $915      $853      $721      $846      $826      $863     $1,513 
Benefits, claims and expenses     703       787       722       591       695       688       728      1,371 
Net income                         88        83        85        85       100        89        88         93 

F-18

P-->485BPOS99th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 99th
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
SCHEDULE I -- SUMMARY OF INVESTMENTS
OTHER THAN INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1999 
(IN MILLIONS) 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                     Amount at    
                                                                         Fair       which shown   
                                          Type of Investment   Cost      Value    on Balance Sheet
                                                                                                  
                                                              ------------------------------------
FIXED MATURITIES                                                                                  
Bonds and Notes                                                                                   
  U.S. Government and Government agencies and authorities                                         
   (guaranteed and sponsored)                                 $   180   $   182       $   182     
  U.S. Government and Government agencies and authorities                                         
   (guaranteed and sponsored) -- asset backed                   1,094     1,064         1,064     
  States, municipalities and political subdivisions               155       156           156     
  Foreign governments                                             289       281           281     
  Public utilities                                                865       833           833     
  All other corporate, including international                  5,646     5,420         5,420     
  All other corporate -- asset backed                           4,103     3,985         3,985     
  Short-term investments                                        1,156     1,156         1,156     
  Certificates of deposit                                         434       422           422     
  Redeemable preferred stock                                        1        --            --     
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                      TOTAL FIXED MATURITIES   13,923    13,499        13,499     
                                                              ------------------------------------

EQUITY SECURITIES                                                                                 
 Common Stocks                                                                                    
  Industrial and miscellaneous                                     49        56            56     
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                     TOTAL EQUITY SECURITIES       49        56            56     
                                                              ------------------------------------
                TOTAL FIXED MATURITIES AND EQUITY SECURITIES   13,972    13,555        13,555     
                                                              ------------------------------------
Policy Loans                                                    4,187     4,187         4,187     
                                                              ------------------------------------
OTHER INVESTMENTS                                                                                 
  Mortgage loans on real estate                                   198       198           198     
  Other invested assets                                           127       150           144     
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                     TOTAL OTHER INVESTMENTS      325       348           342     
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                           TOTAL INVESTMENTS  $18,484   $18,090       $18,084     
                                                              ------------------------------------

S-1 

P-->485BPOS100th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 100th
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
SCHEDULE III -- SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999, 1998 AND 1997
(IN MILLIONS) 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                        Net      Benefits, 
                                 Deferred                                                             Realized   Claims and
                                  Policy       Future       Other          Premiums         Net       Capital      Claim   
                                Acquisition    Policy    Policyholder     and Other      Investment    Gains     Adjustment
Segment                            Costs      Benefits      Funds       Considerations     Income     (Losses)    Expenses 
                                                                                                                           
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1999                                                                                                                       
Investment Products               $3,099       $2,744      $ 8,859          $1,185         $  699       $--        $  660  
Individual Life                      914          270        1,880             405            169        --           254  
Corporate Owned Life Insurance        --          321        5,244             399            431        --           621  
Other                                 --          997           21              56             60        (4)           39  
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS          $4,013       $4,332      $16,004          $2,045         $1,359       $(4)       $1,574  
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1998                                                                                                                       
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Investment Products               $2,823       $2,407      $ 9,194          $1,043         $  736       $--        $  670  
Individual Life                      931          466        2,307             363            181        (1)          262  
Corporate Owned Life Insurance        --          225        8,097             774            793        --           924  
Other                                 --          497           17              38             49        (1)           55  
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS          $3,754       $3,595      $19,615          $2,218         $1,759       $(2)       $1,911  
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1997                                                                                                                       
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Investment Products               $2,478       $2,070      $ 9,620          $  771         $  739       $--        $  677  
Individual Life                      837          392        2,182             323            164        --           242  
Corporate Owned Life Insurance        --           56        9,259             551            429        --           439  
Other                                 --          541          (27)             (8)            36         4            21  
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS          $3,315       $3,059      $21,034          $1,637         $1,368       $ 4        $1,379  
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                Amortization                                                                               
                                of Deferred                                                                                
                                   Policy                                                                                  
                                Acquisition    Dividends to     Other                                                      
Segment                            Costs       Policyholders   Expenses                                                    
                                                                                                                           
                                ---------------------------------------                                                    
1999                                                                                                                       
Investment Products                 $411           $ --          $354                                                      
Individual Life                      128             --            87                                                      
Corporate Owned Life Insurance        --            104            62                                                      
Other                                 --             --           128                                                      
                                ---------------------------------------                                                    
 CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS            $539           $104          $631                                                      
                                ---------------------------------------                                                    
1998                                                                                                                       
                                ---------------------------------------                                                    
Investment Products                 $326           $ --          $368                                                      
Individual Life                      105             --            77                                                      
Corporate Owned Life Insurance        --            329           278                                                      
Other                                 --             --            43                                                      
                                ---------------------------------------                                                    
 CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS            $431           $329          $766                                                      
                                ---------------------------------------                                                    
1997                                                                                                                       
                                ---------------------------------------                                                    
Investment Products                 $250           $ --          $266                                                      
Individual Life                       83             --            77                                                      
Corporate Owned Life Insurance        --            240           259                                                      
Other                                  2             --           (16)                                                     
                                ---------------------------------------                                                    
 CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS            $335           $240          $586                                                      
                                ---------------------------------------                                                    

S-2 

P-->485BPOS101st Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 101st
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
SCHEDULE IV -- REINSURANCE
(IN MILLIONS) 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                     Percentage  
                                          Gross        Ceded to        Assumed From       Net        of Amount   
                                          Amount    Other Companies   Other Companies    Amount    Assumed to Net
                                                                                                                 
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOR THE YEAR ENDED                                                                                               
 DECEMBER 31, 1999 
Life insurance in force                  $307,970      $131,162           $11,785       $188,593         6.2%    
PREMIUMS AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS                                                                                
Life insurance and annuities             $  2,212      $    275           $    84       $  2,021         4.2%    
Accident and health insurance                 448           435                11             24        45.8%    
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL PREMIUMS AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS  $  2,660      $    710           $    95       $  2,045         4.6%    
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998 
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Life insurance in force                  $326,400      $200,782           $18,289        143,907        12.7%    
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
PREMIUMS AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS                                                                                
Life insurance and annuities             $  2,329      $    271               142       $  2,200         6.5%    
Accident and health insurance                 393           383                 8             18        44.4%    
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL PREMIUMS AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS  $  2,722      $    654               150       $  2,218         6.8%    
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1997 
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Life insurance in force                  $245,487      $178,771           $33,156       $ 99,872        33.2%    
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
PREMIUMS AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS                                                                                
Life insurance and annuities             $  1,818      $    340           $   157       $  1,635         9.6%    
Accident and health insurance                 346           346                 2              2       100.0%    
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL PREMIUMS AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS  $  2,164      $    686           $   159       $  1,637         9.7%    
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------

S-3 

P-->485BPOS102nd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 102nd
PART C

P-->485BPOS103rd Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 103rd
 OTHER INFORMATION

Item 24. Financial Statements and Exhibits                                      

(a)  All financial statements are included in Part A and Part B of the
Registration Statement.                                     

   (b)  (1)  Resolution of the Board of Directors of Hartford Life Insurance
               Company ("Company") authorizing the establishment of the Separate
Account. (1)                                      

       (2)  Not applicable. Hartford Life maintains custody of all assets.

(3)  (a) Principal Underwriting Agreement. (2)              

(b)  Form of Dealer Agreement. (2)                

(4)  Form of the variable annuity contract. (2)             

(5)  The form of the application. (2)                       

(6)  (a) Articles of Incorporation of Hartford. (3)         

(b)  Bylaws of Hartford. (1)                      

(7)  Not applicable.                                        

(8)  Participation Agreement. (1)                           

    (9)  Opinion and Consent of Lynda Godkin, Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and Corporate Secretary.          

        (10) Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP, Independent Public Accountants.

-----------------                                                               
   (1) Incorporated herein by reference to the Post Effective Amendment No. 9,
   to the Registration Statement File No. 33-19949, dated May 1, 1995.

    (2) Incorporated herein by reference to the Post Effective Amendment No. 10,
   to the Registration Statement File No. 33-19949, dated May 1, 1996.

(3) Incorporated herein by reference to the Post Effective Amendment No.
   11, to the Registration Statement File No. 33-19949, filed on April
16, 1997.                                                       

P-->485BPOS104th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 104th
(11) No financial statements are omitted.                   

(12) Not applicable.                                        

(13) Not applicable.                                        

(14) Not applicable.                                        

(15) Copy of Power of Attorney.                             

(16) Organizational Chart.                                  

Item 25. Directors and Officers of the Depositor                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
NAME                                         POSITION WITH HARTFORD                                                   
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                      
David A. Carlson                             Vice President                                                           
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Peter W. Cummins                             Senior Vice President                                                    
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bruce W. Ferris                              Vice President                                                           
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Timothy M. Fitch                             Vice President and Actuary                                               
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Jane B. Fortin                          Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer                                
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
David T. Foy                                 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and                       
                                             Treasurer, Director*                                                     
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lynda Godkin                                 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary,          
                                             Director*                                                                
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lois W. Grady                                Senior Vice President                                                    
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stephen T. Joyce                             Senior Vice President                                                    
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Michael D. Keeler                            Vice President                                                           
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Robert A. Kerzner                            Senior Vice President                                                    
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thomas M. Marra                              President, Director*                                                     
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deanne Osgood                                Vice President                                                           
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Craig R. Raymond                             Senior Vice President and Chief Actuary                                  
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Donald A. Salama                             Vice President                                                           
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lowndes A. Smith                             Chief Executive Officer, Director*                                       
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
David M. Znamierowski                        Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer,                      
                                             Director*                                                                
-------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------


Unless otherwise indicated, the principal business address of each the above    
individuals is P.O. Box 2999, Hartford, CT 06104-2999.                          

P-->485BPOS105th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 105th
*Denotes Board of Directors.                                                    

Item 26. Persons Controlled By or Under Common Control with the Depositor or    
Registrant
Filed herewith as Exhibit 16.

Item 27. Number of Contract Owners                                              

As of January 31, 2000, there were 245,333 Contract Owners.   

Item 28. Indemnification                                                        

P-->485BPOS106th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 106th
  Sections 33-770 to 33-778, inclusive, of the Connecticut General
         Statutes ("CGS") provide that a corporation may provide indemnification
   of or advance expenses to a director, officer, employee or agent.
Reference is hereby made to Section 33-771(e) of CGS regarding
     indemnification of directors and Section 33-776(d) of CGS regarding
  indemnification of officers, employees and agents of Connecticut
    corporations. These statutes provide, in general, that Connecticut
         corporations incorporated prior to January 1, 1997 shall, except to the
   extent that their certificate of incorporation expressly provides
      otherwise, indemnify their directors, officers, employees and agents
   against "liability" (defined as the obligation to pay a judgment,
  settlement, penalty, fine, including an excise tax assessed with
      respect to an employee benefit plan, or reasonable expenses incurred
         with respect to a proceeding) when (1) a determination is made pursuant
      to Section 33-775 that the party seeking indemnification has met the
    standard of conduct set forth in Section 33-771 or (2) a court has
    determined that indemnification is appropriate pursuant to Section
33-774. Under Section 33-775, the determination of and the    
     authorization for indemnification are made (a) by the disinterested
         directors, as defined in Section 33-770(3); (b) by special counsel; (c)
  by the shareholders; or (d) in the case of indemnification of an
       officer, agent or employee of the corporation, by the general counsel
       of the corporation or such other officer(s) as the board of directors
     may specify. Also, Section 33-772 provides that a corporation shall
    indemnify an individual who was wholly successful on the merits or
     otherwise against reasonable expenses incurred by him in connection
        with a proceeding to which he was a party because he was a director of
        the corporation. In the case of a proceeding by or in the right of the
         corporation or with respect to conduct for which the director, officer,
       agent or employee was adjudged liable on the basis that he received a
    financial benefit to which he was not entitled, indemnification is
limited to reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the
        proceeding against the corporation to which the individual was named a
party.                                                        

 Under the Depositor's bylaws, the Depositor must indemnify both
directors and officers of the Depositor for (1) any claims and
       liabilities to which they become subject by reason of being or having
     been directors or officers of the Depositor and (2) legal and other
      expenses incurred in defending against such claims, in each case, to
the extent such is consistent with statutory provisions.      

        Section 33-777 of CGS specifically authorizes a corporation to procure
indemnification insurance on behalf of an individual who was a
     director, officer, employer or agent of the corporation. Consistent
   with the statute, the directors and officers of the Depositor and
    Hartford Securities Distribution Company, Inc. ("HSD") are covered
under a directors and                                         

P-->485BPOS107th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 107th
      officers liability insurance policy issued to The Hartford Financial
Services Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries.                    

         Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
     Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling
    persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or
       otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the
    Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against
         public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable.
        In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
        (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid
       by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the
      successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by
     such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the
         securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion
      of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,
         submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such
        indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act
and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

P-->485BPOS108th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 108th
Item 29. Principal Underwriters                                                 

(a)  HSD acts as principal underwriter for the following investment       
companies:                                                      

Hartford Life Insurance Company - Separate Account One          
Hartford Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Two          
   Hartford Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Two (DC Variable
Account I)                                                    
   Hartford Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Two (DC Variable
Account II)                                                   
   Hartford Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Two (QP Variable
Account)                                                      
        Hartford Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Two (Variable Account
"A")                                                          
   Hartford Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Two (NQ Variable
Account)                                                      
       Hartford Life Insurance Company - Putnam Capital Manager Trust Separate
Account                                                       
Hartford Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Three        
Hartford Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Five         
Hartford Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Seven        
  Hartford Life and Annuity Insurance Company - Separate Account One
    Hartford Life and Annuity Insurance Company - Putnam Capital Manager
Trust Separate Account Two                                    
    Hartford Life and Annuity Insurance Company - Separate Account Three
   Hartford Life and Annuity Insurance Company - Separate Account Five
  Hartford Life and Annuity Insurance Company - Separate Account Six
    Hartford Life and Annuity Insurance Company - Separate Account Seven
 American Maturity Life Insurance Company - Separate Account AMLVA
Servus Life Insurance Company - Separate Account One            

P-->485BPOS109th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 109th
Servus Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Two            
Hart Life Insurance Company - Separate Account One              
Hart Life Insurance Company - Separate Account Two              

(b)  Directors and Officers of HSD                                        

Name and Principal        Positions and Offices                 
BUSINESS ADDRESS            WITH UNDERWRITER                    

David A. Carlson         Vice President                         
Peter W. Cummins         Senior Vice President                  
David T. Foy             Treasurer                              
   Lynda Godkin             Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
     Corporate Secretary
George R. Jay            Controller                             
Robert A. Kerzner        Executive Vice President               
Thomas M. Marra          Executive Vice President, Director     
Paul E. Olson            Supervising Registered Principal       
        Lowndes A. Smith         President and Chief Executive Officer, Director

  Unless otherwise indicated, the principal business address of each
the above individuals is P.O. Box 2999, Hartford, CT 06104-2999.

Item 30. Location of Accounts and Records                                       

  All of the accounts, books, records or other documents required to
  be kept by Section 31(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 and
rules thereunder, are maintained by Hartford at 200 Hopmeadow   
Street, Simsbury, Connecticut 06089.                            

Item 31. Management Services                                                    

     All management contracts are discussed in Part A and Part B of this
Registration Statement.                                       

Item 32. Undertakings                                                           

    (a) The Registrant hereby undertakes to file a post-effective amendment to
     this Registration Statement as frequently as is necessary to ensure
     that the audited financial statements in the Registration Statement
 are never more than 16 months old so long as payments under the
variable annuity contracts may be accepted.                   

   (b) The Registrant hereby undertakes to include either (1) as part of any
       application to purchase a contract offered by the Prospectus, a space
that an                                                       

P-->485BPOS110th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 110th
       applicant can check to request a Statement of Additional Information,
   or (2) a post card or similar written communication affixed to or
        included in the Prospectus that the applicant can remove to send for a
Statement of Additional Information.                          

(c) The Registrant hereby undertakes to deliver any Statement of      
    Additional Information and any financial statements required to be
       made available under this Form promptly upon written or oral request.

  (d) Hartford hereby represents that the aggregate fees and charges under
       the Contract are reasonable in relation to the services rendered, the
      expenses expected to be incurred, and the risks assumed by Hartford.

The Registrant is relying on the no-action letter issued by the Division of     
Investment Management to American Council of Life Insurance, Ref. No. IP-6-88,  
November 28, 1988. The Registrant has complied with conditions one through four 
of the no-action letter.                                                        

P-->485BPOS111th Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 111th
SIGNATURES

As required by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of     
1940, the Registrant certifies that it meets the requirements of Securities Act 
Rule 485(b) for effectiveness of this Registration Statement and has caused this
Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf, in the Town of Simsbury, and 
State of Connecticut on this 6th day of April, 2000.                            

HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
SEPARATE ACCOUNT TWO - (DC VARIABLE ACCOUNT I)                                  
(Registrant)                                        

*By:  Thomas M. Marra                            *By: /s/ Marianne O'Doherty    
----------------------------------------------       -------------------------- 
*BY: Thomas M. Marra, President Marianne O'Doherty       
                                              Attorney-in-Fact
HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY                                                 
(Depositor)                                       

*By:   /s/ Thomas M. Marra                                                      
---------------------------------------------                                   
Thomas M. Marra, President                                        

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this    
Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons and in the
capacity and on the date indicated.                                             

David T. Foy, Senior Vice President, Chief                                      
Financial Officer and Treasurer, Director*                            
Lynda Godkin, Senior Vice President, General                                    
Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Director*                            
Thomas M. Marra, President,                          By: /s/ Marianne O'Doherty 
      Director*                                          -----------------------
Lowndes A. Smith, Chief                                   Marianne O'Doherty    
Executive Officer, Director *                             Attorney-in-Fact      
Raymond P. Welnicki, Senior Vice President,                                     
Director*                                       Date:  April 6, 2000  
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus, Executive Vice President,                                  
David M. Znamierowski, Senior Vice President and                                
Chief Investment Officer, Director*                           

(33-19949)                                                                      

P-->485BPOSLast Page of 112TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 112th
 EXHIBIT INDEX

(9)    Opinion and Consent of Lynda Godkin, Senior Vice President, General      
Counsel and Corporate Secretary                                   

(10)   Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP, Independent Public Accountants           

(15)   Copy of Power of Attorney                                                

(16)   Organizational Chart                                                     
R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On PageThis ‘485BPOS’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other Filings12/31/099724F-2NTCorrected on:4/9/041/1/0187946/15/0086Changed as of:6/5/005/1/00147Filed on / Effective on:4/12/001485BPOS4/6/001112/17/0059671/31/008110512/31/995110112/1/99966/15/99871/1/99258612/31/98641011/1/989612/31/97841015/22/97864/16/97103485BPOS1/1/9710612/31/96844978/20/96255/1/96103485BPOS5/1/9514103POS AMI5/1/9226 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000912057-00-017591   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 01:33:40.1 GMT 
 






 Overview - Prudential Investments




























Preview Mode


















Contact Us


Sitemap


 




Financial Professional Site




Account AccessProductsOpen-End FundsFact SheetsPerformancePrices & YieldsDistributionsProspectuses & Shareholder ReportsFund CommentariesNews & UpdatesFund Comparison ToolTarget Date FundsOverviewGlidepathMulti-Vehicle ApproachPlan WellnessClosed-End FundsOverviewShareholder ReportsPress ReleasesFund Comparison ToolSeparate AccountsOverviewFact SheetsPerformanceStrategy ProfilesPortfolio ManagersDefined ContributionOur SolutionsOur ApproachOur TeamLearning CenterPruView - Our InsightsBrexit Perspectives: What's Next?Conference Call CenterFixed Income InvestingIncome InvestingInvesting BasicsInvesting in EnergyNavigating Market VolatilityRetirement Readiness StudyRising Interest RatesTax CenterThought LeadershipVideoWhat is a Mutual FundNewsroomAll NewsFormsAbout Us












Print



           PGIM HomeIntended for Financial Professional and Institutional Plan Sponsor Use.Prudential Day One® Target Date FundsSolving for the Right Risks at the Right TimeA GLIDEPATH DESIGN TO ADDRESS RISK AT EVERY STAGEChoosing a Target Date Fund may be one of the most important decisions a retirement plan fiduciary will make.The Prudential Day One Funds three stage glidepath was designed to help improve retirement outcomes and help plan participants achieve their retirement goals by solving for the right risks at the right time.LEARN MORE Does not represent actual Glidepath, for illustrative purposes only.Explore the Day One Funds Investment VehiclesMutual FundsCollective Investment TrustsSeparate AccountsIncomeFlexInsights & Resources Why young investors should invest in equitiesRead more When's the best time to de-risk?Read more How inflation really looks in retirementRead more Target Date Fund Evaluation Checklists Read more 2016 Retirement Preparedness StudyA new study conducted by Prudential Investments explores the challanges facing Americans as they move forward towards retirement.LEARN MORE Achieving PlanWellnessIndividual financial wellness begins with a well designed defined contribution plan.LEARN MORETarget Date Fund Solutions for Today's Retirement Challenges   Why Prudential Financial? Scale, Scope, and ExperienceThe Prudential Day One Funds combine the asset management capabilities of Prudential with the organization’s behaviorial insights, actuarial experience, and leadership in pension risk transfer.Top 10Global Asset  ManagerOver $1 trillion in assets under management, ranking #9 out of 600 money managers.1Top 10Defined Benefit ProviderAs the #1 manager of pension risk transfer assets, Prudential Retirement is entrusted by some of the largest Fortune 100 Companies to ensure that the pension obligations made to their participants are met.2Top 10Retirement Record KeeperPrudential Retirement is a top record keeper, servicing over 7,800 defined benefit and defined contribution plans and 4 million participants.2Experience Day One FundsSee how participants can learn to reevaluate their retirement savings plans as they navigate life milestones on the road to retirement.LEARN MOREOVERVIEWGLIDEPATHMULTI-VEHICLE APPROACHPLAN WELLNESSABOUT PRUDENTIAL1 Source: Prudential Financial was named 9th largest institutional asset manager worldwide, Pensions &Investments: Largest Money Manager’s list, May 2016, data as of 12/31/2015.2 Plan Sponsor 2016 DC Record-keeping Survey, June 2016, data as of 12/31/2015.These materials are for informational or educational purposes only. The information is not intended as investment advice and is not a recommendation about managing or investing your retirement savings. In providing these materials Prudential Financial, and its affiliates and subsidiaries, are not acting as your fiduciary as defined by the Department of Labor. Please consult with a qualified investment professional if you wish to obtain investment advice.The target date is the approximate date when investors plan to retire and may begin withdrawing their money. The asset allocation of the target date funds will become more conservative until the date which is ten years prior to the target date by lessening the equity exposure and increasing the exposure in fixed income investments. The principal value of an investment in a target date fund is not guaranteed at any time, including the target date. There is no guarantee that the fund will provide adequate retirement income.A target-date fund should not be selected solely based on age or retirement date. Before investing, participants should carefully consider the fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses, as well as their age, anticipated retirement date, risk tolerance, other investments owned, and planned withdrawals.The stated asset allocation may be subject to change. It is possible to lose money in a target date fund, including losses near and following retirement. Investments in the Funds are not deposits or obligations of any bank and are not insured or guaranteed by any governmental agency or instrumentality.The Prudential Day One Funds may be offered as mutual funds. You should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of each fund carefully before investing. The prospectus and the summary prospectus contain this and other information about the fund. Contact your financial professional for a prospectus and the summary prospectus. Read them carefully before investing.Shares of the registered mutual funds are offered through Prudential Investment Management Services LLC (PIMS), Newark, NJ, a Prudential Financial company.Prudential Day One Funds may also be offered as: (i) insurance company separate accounts available under group variable annuity contracts issued by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company (PRIAC), Hartford, CT, a Prudential Financial company, and (ii) collective investment trust funds established by Prudential Trust Company, as trustee, a Pennsylvania trust company located in Scranton, PA, and a Prudential Financial company. Each of PRIAC and Prudential Trust Company is solely responsible for its own contractual obligations and financial condition. Offers of the collective investment trust funds may only be made by sales officers of Prudential Trust Company.The Day One Funds, as insurance company separate accounts or collective investment trust funds, are investment vehicles available only to qualified retirement plans, such as 401(k) plans and government plans, and their participants. Unlike mutual funds, the Day One Funds , as insurance company separate accounts or collective investment trust funds, are exempt from Securities and Exchange Commission registration under both the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, but are subject to oversight by state banking or insurance regulators, as applicable. Therefore, investors are generally not entitled to the protections of the federal securities laws.Please note that the Prudential Day One IncomeFlex Target Funds follow a different glidepath than the Day One Funds. The Prudential Day One IncomeFlex Target® Funds were designed for use with Prudential IncomeFlex Target, an in-plan guaranteed retirement income product, and are available as insurance company separate accounts under group variable annuity contracts issued by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company (PRIAC), Hartford, CT. PRIAC does not guarantee the investment performance or return on contributions to those separate accounts. PRIAC is solely responsible for its financial condition and contractual obligations. Availability and terms may vary by jurisdiction, subject to regulatory approvals. Guarantees are based on claims-paying ability of the insurance company and are subject to certain limitations, terms and conditions. Annuity contracts contain exclusions, limitations, reductions of benefits and terms for keeping them in force. Contract form #GA-2020-TGWB4-0805. For more information, participants should access the participant service center or call 1-877-778-2100 for a copy of the Prudential IncomeFlex Target Important Considerations before investing. PRIAC is a Prudential Financial company.© 2017 Prudential Financial, Inc., and its related entities. Prudential, the Prudential logo, the Rock symbol, Prudential Day One, and Bring Your Challenges are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.0299913-00002-00 Ed. 5/2017Prudential FinancialPrivacy StatementTerms & Conditions Prudential : Bring Your ChallengesThis website and its contents are intended for use by institutional investors only, including retirement plan professionals, advisors and consultants, and not for use by individual retirement plan investors or the general public. Retirement plan professionals include plan sponsors, other plan fiduciaries and plan administrators of eligible U.S. retirement plans. This website is for informational purposes only and the material included in it is not investment, tax or legal advice, nor is it an offer or solicitation to the general public to sell or buy any investment product.Are you a Retirement Plan Professional? Remember me for 2 weeksPlease also carefully review other important disclosures accompanying the contents of this website.    



  


Products / Target Date Funds / Overview













Home






























 


financial-advisors






  
 



























Log In



Financial Professionals

 hartfordfunds.com 

Mutual fund accounts


SMART529 accounts


CHET Advisor accounts


Individual Investors


Mutual fund accounts


SMART529 accounts


CHET Advisor accounts




 Account Access

Contact Us











Pre-Sales Support
Mutual Funds and ETFs - 800-456-7526
Monday-Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. ET
Friday: 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. ET

ETF Trading Support - 415-315-6600
Monday-Friday: 9:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. ET

Post-Sales and Website Support
888-843-7824
Monday-Friday: 9:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. ET
 
EMAIL US
MAIL US























Products







Mutual Funds


Performance


Prices & Yields


Fund Basics


Fund Documents


4, 5 Star & Unrated


ETFs


Performance


Prices & Yields


ETF Basics


ETF Documents


College Savings



 

















4, 5 STAR & UNRATED
View our fund line-up 




















Hartford Funds
 Recognized in Barron’s
Best Fund Families of 2016 
View Rankings 











 









World Bond Fund Monthly Positioning and Outlook
Take a visual tour of the month-to-month shifts of the Hartford World Bond Fund














Insights







Market Insights


Client Conversations


Global Investment Strategy from Nanette Abuhoff Jacobson


DC Insights from Fred Reish


Investor Insights from MIT AgeLab


Human-Centric Insights


Hartford Funds Blog



 







The Factor Report 2Q17
What's driving factor performance?









 
















CHARTS THAT 
 GOT US THINKING
A visual tour of the
 global economy 



















 HUMAN-CENTRIC INSIGHTS
Learn how to build deeper, more engaging relationships with your clients.
















Resources







Forms & Literature


Strategic Beta ETFs Explained


Tax Center


Retirement Planning


Subscriptionslock


Product Updates



 







Quarterly Investment Guide









 







Strategic Beta ETFs Explained














Financial Professionals







Webinars & Podcasts


MIT AgeLab Research


Practice Management


Investment Ideas


Client Seminars


Qualified Investing


Financial Advisors


Institutional Investors


Retirement Specialists


RIA / Private Banks



 
















Webinar Replay:
 8,000 Days of Retirement
Watch Now > 


















Human-Centric Investing  Podcast: Episode 6
Time Management – 
 Overcoming the Bottleneck
 in Your Business
Listen Now >











 







 WEBINAR:
 Get Your Financial Wellness Program Up and Running
Download Slides >














About Us







Human-Centric Investing


Hartford Funds Leadership


Careers


Press Center


Contact Us



 







Press Center
View recent press releases, media coverage, product updates and more.









 







Human-centric Investing
A different approach to client relationships and investment management.

































Products

 



Mutual Funds

 


Performance


Prices & Yields


Fund Basics


Fund Documents


4, 5 Star & Unrated





ETFs

 


Performance


Prices & Yields


ETF Basics


ETF Documents





College Savings

 





Insights

 



Market Insights

 



Client Conversations

 



Global Investment Strategy from Nanette Abuhoff Jacobson

 



DC Insights from Fred Reish

 



Investor Insights from MIT AgeLab

 



Human-Centric Insights

 



Hartford Funds Blog

 





Resources

 



Forms & Literature

 



Strategic Beta ETFs Explained

 



Tax Center

 



Retirement Planning

 



Subscriptionslock

 



Product Updates

 





Financial Professionals

 



Webinars & Podcasts

 



MIT AgeLab Research

 



Practice Management

 



Investment Ideas

 



Client Seminars

 



Qualified Investing

 



Financial Advisors

 



Institutional Investors

 



Retirement Specialists

 



RIA / Private Banks

 





About Us

 



Human-Centric Investing

 



Hartford Funds Leadership

 



Careers

 



Press Center

 



Contact Us

 




Contact Us











Pre-Sales Support
800.456.7526
Monday-Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. ET
Friday: 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. ET


Post-Sales and Website Support
888.843.7824
Monday-Thursday: 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m.ET
Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. ET
 
Mail us
Mailing Address









Log In


Account Access







Session Expired
Your session has expired. Please login again.

OK















































Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for a Joint Special Meeting of Shareholders to be Held on October 3, 2017.
 
LEARN MORE >


















Now Available for Download: 
Hartford Funds Insights App
Take the latest perspectives from Hartford Funds with you wherever you go.
LEARN MORE >



















New Investment Strategies for a Changing Landscape
 
LEARN ABOUT OUR STRATEGIC BETA ETFS >

















MUTUAL FUNDS
ETFS





PERFORMANCE


PRICES & YIELDS








Explore Our Funds

 









All Funds


Morningstar 4, 5 Star & Unrated



Select Asset Class


Multi-Strategy
Alternatives
Fixed  Income
Domestic  Equity
Global  International  Equity









PERFORMANCE


PRICES & YIELDS









Explore Another ETFs

 










All ETFs



Select Asset Class


Domestic  Equity
Global  International  Equity



















Featured Funds

 



Customize your My Funds watch list to track performance for the funds that interest you Sign in OR Register



Share Class I


Share Class A
Share Class C
Share Class I
Share Class R3
Share Class R4
Share Class R5
Share Class R6
Share Class B
Share Class Y
Share Class HLS IA
Share Class HLS IB
Share Class HLS IC
Share Class SDR
Share Class F




                    
                       as of 7/27/2017









Fund
 NAV 
 CHG(%) 
 YTD(%) 









Hartford Dividend and Growth Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Dividend and Growth I


6.83
17.79
8.00
13.53
6.86
9.04


Benchmark1


9.34
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
---


Morningstar Large Value Category


5.51
16.33
6.12
12.39
4.74
---




Hartford Dividend and Growth I


6.83
17.79
8.00
13.53
6.86
9.04


Benchmark1


9.34
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
---


Morningstar Large Value Category


5.51
16.33
6.12
12.39
4.74
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.83


1 
               S&P 500 Index is a market capitalization-weighted price index composed of 500 widely held common stocks.
          





Hartford Dividend and Growth 


                                                    26.07

                                                    -0.53

                                                    7.91








Hartford Emerging Markets Equity Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Emerging Markets Equity I


22.05
27.04
1.92
5.48
---
0.50


Benchmark1


18.43
23.75
1.07
3.96
---
---


Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category


18.15
20.21
0.33
3.73
---
---




Hartford Emerging Markets Equity I


22.05
27.04
1.92
5.48
---
0.50


Benchmark1


18.43
23.75
1.07
3.96
---
---


Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category


18.15
20.21
0.33
3.73
---
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 1.22


1 
               MSCI Emerging Markets Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization-weighted index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the global emerging markets, consisting of 24 emerging market country indices. MSCI index performance is shown net of dividend withholding tax; prior to 3/1/17, it was gross of dividend withholding tax. This Index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment.
          





Hartford Emerging Markets Equity 


                                                    9.24

                                                    0.43

                                                    29.78








Hartford International Opportunities Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford International Opportunities I


14.35
19.13
2.88
8.69
3.43
5.62


Benchmark1


14.10
20.45
0.80
7.22
1.13
---


Morningstar Foreign Large Blend Category


14.50
18.81
1.18
7.81
0.72
---




Hartford International Opportunities I


14.35
19.13
2.88
8.69
3.43
5.62


Benchmark1


14.10
20.45
0.80
7.22
1.13
---


Morningstar Foreign Large Blend Category


14.50
18.81
1.18
7.81
0.72
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.88


1 
               MSCI AC (All Country) World ex USA Index is a broad-based, unmanaged, market capitalization weighted, total return index that measures the performance of both developed and emerging stock markets, excluding the U.S. MSCI index performance is shown net of dividend withholding tax; prior to 3/1/17, it was gross of dividend withholding tax. This Index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment.
          





Hartford International Opportunities 


                                                    16.81

                                                    -0.47

                                                    18.21








Hartford Schroders Emerging Markets Equity Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Schroders Emerging Markets Equity I


20.49
26.19
2.24
4.36
2.58
5.29


Benchmark1


18.43
23.75
1.07
3.96
1.91
---


Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category


18.15
20.21
0.33
3.73
0.85
---




Hartford Schroders Emerging Markets Equity I


20.49
26.19
2.24
4.36
2.58
5.29


Benchmark1


18.43
23.75
1.07
3.96
1.91
---


Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category


18.15
20.21
0.33
3.73
0.85
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 1.30


1 
               MSCI Emerging Markets Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization-weighted index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the global emerging markets, consisting of 24 emerging market country indices. MSCI index performance is shown net of dividend withholding tax; prior to 3/1/17, it was gross of dividend withholding tax. This Index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment.
          





Hartford Schroders Emerging Markets Equity 


                                                    15.14

                                                    0.26

                                                    27.12








Hartford Floating Rate High Income Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Floating Rate High Income I


2.68
9.70
2.81
4.85
---
5.75


Benchmark1


1.96
7.49
3.49
4.83
---
---


Morningstar Bank Loan Category


1.57
6.64
2.60
4.03
---
---




Hartford Floating Rate High Income I


2.68
9.70
2.81
4.85
---
5.75


Benchmark1


1.96
7.49
3.49
4.83
---
---


Morningstar Bank Loan Category


1.57
6.64
2.60
4.03
---
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.91


1 
               Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index is designed to mirror the investible universe of the United States dollar-denominated leveraged loan market.
          





Hartford Floating Rate High Income 


                                                    10.04

                                                    0.0

                                                    3.49








Hartford Schroders International Multi-Cap Value Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Schroders International Multi-Cap Value I


13.69
20.11
1.84
9.01
2.78
5.20


Benchmark1


14.10
20.45
0.80
7.22
1.13
---


Morningstar Foreign Large Value Category


12.45
19.62
0.08
7.72
0.17
---




Hartford Schroders International Multi-Cap Value I


13.69
20.11
1.84
9.01
2.78
5.20


Benchmark1


14.10
20.45
0.80
7.22
1.13
---


Morningstar Foreign Large Value Category


12.45
19.62
0.08
7.72
0.17
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.89


1 
               MSCI AC (All Country) World ex USA Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is designed to measure the equity market performance of emerging markets and developed markets countries (excluding the United States). MSCI index performance is shown net of dividend withholding tax; prior to 3/1/17, it was gross of dividend withholding tax. This Index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment.
          





Hartford Schroders International Multi-Cap Value 


                                                    9.98

                                                    -0.1

                                                    17.1








Hartford Balanced Income Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Balanced Income I


4.96
8.36
5.72
8.53
7.04
7.43


Benchmark1


4.40
8.83
5.54
8.71
6.17
---


Morningstar Allocation 30-50% Equity Category


4.83
7.14
2.65
4.91
3.93
---




Hartford Balanced Income I


4.96
8.36
5.72
8.53
7.04
7.43


Benchmark1


4.40
8.83
5.54
8.71
6.17
---


Morningstar Allocation 30-50% Equity Category


4.83
7.14
2.65
4.91
3.93
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.70


1 
               The blended index consists of 45% Russell 1000 Value Index, 44% Bloomberg Barclays Corporate Index, 5.5% JP Morgan Emerging Markets Bond Index Plus, and 5.5% Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield Bond 2% Issuer Cap Index.
          





Hartford Balanced Income 


                                                    14.48

                                                    0.0

                                                    6.14








Hartford Floating Rate Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Floating Rate I


2.14
8.90
3.01
4.20
3.60
4.16


Benchmark1


1.96
7.49
3.49
4.83
4.16
---


Morningstar Bank Loan Category


1.57
6.64
2.60
4.03
3.18
---




Hartford Floating Rate I


2.14
8.90
3.01
4.20
3.60
4.16


Benchmark1


1.96
7.49
3.49
4.83
4.16
---


Morningstar Bank Loan Category


1.57
6.64
2.60
4.03
3.18
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.74


1 
               Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index is designed to mirror the investible universe of the United States dollar-denominated leveraged loan market.
          





Hartford Floating Rate 


                                                    8.74

                                                    0.0

                                                    2.91








Hartford Schroders Tax-Aware Bond Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Schroders Tax-Aware Bond I


2.40
-0.38
3.99
4.46
---
5.41


Benchmark1


3.57
-0.49
3.33
3.26
---
---


Morningstar Muni National Intermediate Category


3.03
-0.79
2.35
2.34
---
---




Hartford Schroders Tax-Aware Bond I


2.40
-0.38
3.99
4.46
---
5.41


Benchmark1


3.57
-0.49
3.33
3.26
---
---


Morningstar Muni National Intermediate Category


3.03
-0.79
2.35
2.34
---
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.55


1 
               Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond Index is an unmanaged index that is considered representative of the broad market for investment grade, tax-exempt bonds with a maturity of at least one year.
          





Hartford Schroders Tax-Aware Bond 


                                                    11.1

                                                    0.0

                                                    3.05








Hartford Municipal Opportunities Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Municipal Opportunities I


3.81
-0.50
3.48
3.44
3.04
2.95


Benchmark1


3.21
-0.15
2.70
2.70
4.28
---


Morningstar Muni National Intermediate Category


3.03
-0.79
2.35
2.34
3.70
---




Hartford Municipal Opportunities I


3.81
-0.50
3.48
3.44
3.04
2.95


Benchmark1


3.21
-0.15
2.70
2.70
4.28
---


Morningstar Muni National Intermediate Category


3.03
-0.79
2.35
2.34
3.70
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.47


1 
               Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond 1-15 Year Index is a sub-index of the Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond Index. It is a rules-based market value-weighted index of bonds with maturities of one year to 15 years engineered for the tax-exempt bond market. 
          





Hartford Municipal Opportunities 


                                                    8.63

                                                    0.0

                                                    4.5








Hartford World Bond Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford World Bond I


1.36
0.19
1.16
2.20
---
3.10


Benchmark1


4.49
-4.14
-1.00
-0.20
---
---


Morningstar World Bond Category


4.46
1.68
0.25
1.50
---
---




Hartford World Bond I


1.36
0.19
1.16
2.20
---
3.10


Benchmark1


4.49
-4.14
-1.00
-0.20
---
---


Morningstar World Bond Category


4.46
1.68
0.25
1.50
---
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.79


1 
               Citigroup World Government Bond Index is a market-capitalization-weighted index consisting of government bond markets. Country eligibility is determined based on market capitalization and investability criteria. All issues have a remaining maturity of at least one year.
          





Hartford World Bond 


                                                    10.44

                                                    -0.1

                                                    1.75










VIEW PERFORMANCE



Performance data quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of the investment will fluctuate so that an investors' shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted.






























New Investor Insightfrom the MIT AgeLab
8,000 Days 
 of Retirement




















Strategic Beta
New Strategies for a 
 Changing Landscape
















Charts That Got Us Thinking
3Q 2017
 A visual tour of the global economy













The Factor Report 2Q17
What's driving factor performance?

















 



    
    
        Insights
    















3Q 2017 Outlooks (Wellington) 
                                

Thought leaders from Wellington Management provide their outlook on issues that will influence markets for the remainder of the year.
Mon Jul 24 13:30:00 EDT 2017














Schroders: Emerging Markets Investment Outlook 
                                

A monthly outlook reviewing the markets and the top-down, quantitative model Schroders uses to make emerging-markets country allocation decisions.

Mon Jul 24 11:06:00 EDT 2017














Client Conversations: Doctors and Prescriptions and—Uber? Oh My! 
                                

When it comes to retirement, prepare for both the expected and the unexpected.  
Fri Jul 21 12:22:00 EDT 2017














New Info, New Strategies for the Second Half 
                                

As we enter the second half of 2017, it’s time to reassess where markets are headed. 
Thu Jul 20 12:00:00 EDT 2017





View All Insights >>





























Error in
				saving "My Team" collapse preference.

My Team


EMAIL US


|


Mailing Address








  





   
 


Looking for website support?




Error
									in saving "contact us" collapse
									preference.

contact us 


EMAIL US


|


Mailing Address




 
Pre-Sales Support 
800-456-7526
Monday-Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. ET
Friday: 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. ET
 


 
Post-Sales and Website Support 
888-843-7824
Monday - Friday: 9:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. ET















Featured Funds

 



Customize your My Funds watch list to track performance for the funds that interest you.  Sign in OR Register



Share Class I


Share Class A
Share Class C
Share Class I
Share Class R3
Share Class R4
Share Class R5
Share Class R6
Share Class B
Share Class Y
Share Class HLS IA
Share Class HLS IB
Share Class HLS IC
Share Class SDR
Share Class F




                    
                       as of 7/27/2017









Fund
 NAV 
 CHG(%) 
 YTD(%) 









Hartford Dividend and Growth Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Dividend and Growth I


6.83
17.79
8.00
13.53
6.86
9.04


Benchmark1


9.34
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
---


Morningstar Large Value Category


5.51
16.33
6.12
12.39
4.74
---




Hartford Dividend and Growth I


6.83
17.79
8.00
13.53
6.86
9.04


Benchmark1


9.34
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
---


Morningstar Large Value Category


5.51
16.33
6.12
12.39
4.74
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.83


1 
               S&P 500 Index is a market capitalization-weighted price index composed of 500 widely held common stocks.
          





Hartford Dividend and Growth 


                                                    26.07

                                                    -0.53

                                                    7.91








Hartford Emerging Markets Equity Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Emerging Markets Equity I


22.05
27.04
1.92
5.48
---
0.50


Benchmark1


18.43
23.75
1.07
3.96
---
---


Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category


18.15
20.21
0.33
3.73
---
---




Hartford Emerging Markets Equity I


22.05
27.04
1.92
5.48
---
0.50


Benchmark1


18.43
23.75
1.07
3.96
---
---


Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category


18.15
20.21
0.33
3.73
---
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 1.22


1 
               MSCI Emerging Markets Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization-weighted index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the global emerging markets, consisting of 24 emerging market country indices. MSCI index performance is shown net of dividend withholding tax; prior to 3/1/17, it was gross of dividend withholding tax. This Index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment.
          





Hartford Emerging Markets Equity 


                                                    9.24

                                                    0.43

                                                    29.78








Hartford International Opportunities Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford International Opportunities I


14.35
19.13
2.88
8.69
3.43
5.62


Benchmark1


14.10
20.45
0.80
7.22
1.13
---


Morningstar Foreign Large Blend Category


14.50
18.81
1.18
7.81
0.72
---




Hartford International Opportunities I


14.35
19.13
2.88
8.69
3.43
5.62


Benchmark1


14.10
20.45
0.80
7.22
1.13
---


Morningstar Foreign Large Blend Category


14.50
18.81
1.18
7.81
0.72
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.88


1 
               MSCI AC (All Country) World ex USA Index is a broad-based, unmanaged, market capitalization weighted, total return index that measures the performance of both developed and emerging stock markets, excluding the U.S. MSCI index performance is shown net of dividend withholding tax; prior to 3/1/17, it was gross of dividend withholding tax. This Index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment.
          





Hartford International Opportunities 


                                                    16.81

                                                    -0.47

                                                    18.21








Hartford Schroders Emerging Markets Equity Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Schroders Emerging Markets Equity I


20.49
26.19
2.24
4.36
2.58
5.29


Benchmark1


18.43
23.75
1.07
3.96
1.91
---


Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category


18.15
20.21
0.33
3.73
0.85
---




Hartford Schroders Emerging Markets Equity I


20.49
26.19
2.24
4.36
2.58
5.29


Benchmark1


18.43
23.75
1.07
3.96
1.91
---


Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category


18.15
20.21
0.33
3.73
0.85
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 1.30


1 
               MSCI Emerging Markets Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization-weighted index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the global emerging markets, consisting of 24 emerging market country indices. MSCI index performance is shown net of dividend withholding tax; prior to 3/1/17, it was gross of dividend withholding tax. This Index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment.
          





Hartford Schroders Emerging Markets Equity 


                                                    15.14

                                                    0.26

                                                    27.12








Hartford Floating Rate High Income Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Floating Rate High Income I


2.68
9.70
2.81
4.85
---
5.75


Benchmark1


1.96
7.49
3.49
4.83
---
---


Morningstar Bank Loan Category


1.57
6.64
2.60
4.03
---
---




Hartford Floating Rate High Income I


2.68
9.70
2.81
4.85
---
5.75


Benchmark1


1.96
7.49
3.49
4.83
---
---


Morningstar Bank Loan Category


1.57
6.64
2.60
4.03
---
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.91


1 
               Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index is designed to mirror the investible universe of the United States dollar-denominated leveraged loan market.
          





Hartford Floating Rate High Income 


                                                    10.04

                                                    0.0

                                                    3.49








Hartford Schroders International Multi-Cap Value Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Schroders International Multi-Cap Value I


13.69
20.11
1.84
9.01
2.78
5.20


Benchmark1


14.10
20.45
0.80
7.22
1.13
---


Morningstar Foreign Large Value Category


12.45
19.62
0.08
7.72
0.17
---




Hartford Schroders International Multi-Cap Value I


13.69
20.11
1.84
9.01
2.78
5.20


Benchmark1


14.10
20.45
0.80
7.22
1.13
---


Morningstar Foreign Large Value Category


12.45
19.62
0.08
7.72
0.17
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.89


1 
               MSCI AC (All Country) World ex USA Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is designed to measure the equity market performance of emerging markets and developed markets countries (excluding the United States). MSCI index performance is shown net of dividend withholding tax; prior to 3/1/17, it was gross of dividend withholding tax. This Index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment.
          





Hartford Schroders International Multi-Cap Value 


                                                    9.98

                                                    -0.1

                                                    17.1








Hartford Balanced Income Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Balanced Income I


4.96
8.36
5.72
8.53
7.04
7.43


Benchmark1


4.40
8.83
5.54
8.71
6.17
---


Morningstar Allocation 30-50% Equity Category


4.83
7.14
2.65
4.91
3.93
---




Hartford Balanced Income I


4.96
8.36
5.72
8.53
7.04
7.43


Benchmark1


4.40
8.83
5.54
8.71
6.17
---


Morningstar Allocation 30-50% Equity Category


4.83
7.14
2.65
4.91
3.93
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.70


1 
               The blended index consists of 45% Russell 1000 Value Index, 44% Bloomberg Barclays Corporate Index, 5.5% JP Morgan Emerging Markets Bond Index Plus, and 5.5% Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield Bond 2% Issuer Cap Index.
          





Hartford Balanced Income 


                                                    14.48

                                                    0.0

                                                    6.14








Hartford Floating Rate Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Floating Rate I


2.14
8.90
3.01
4.20
3.60
4.16


Benchmark1


1.96
7.49
3.49
4.83
4.16
---


Morningstar Bank Loan Category


1.57
6.64
2.60
4.03
3.18
---




Hartford Floating Rate I


2.14
8.90
3.01
4.20
3.60
4.16


Benchmark1


1.96
7.49
3.49
4.83
4.16
---


Morningstar Bank Loan Category


1.57
6.64
2.60
4.03
3.18
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.74


1 
               Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index is designed to mirror the investible universe of the United States dollar-denominated leveraged loan market.
          





Hartford Floating Rate 


                                                    8.74

                                                    0.0

                                                    2.91








Hartford Schroders Tax-Aware Bond Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Schroders Tax-Aware Bond I


2.40
-0.38
3.99
4.46
---
5.41


Benchmark1


3.57
-0.49
3.33
3.26
---
---


Morningstar Muni National Intermediate Category


3.03
-0.79
2.35
2.34
---
---




Hartford Schroders Tax-Aware Bond I


2.40
-0.38
3.99
4.46
---
5.41


Benchmark1


3.57
-0.49
3.33
3.26
---
---


Morningstar Muni National Intermediate Category


3.03
-0.79
2.35
2.34
---
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.55


1 
               Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond Index is an unmanaged index that is considered representative of the broad market for investment grade, tax-exempt bonds with a maturity of at least one year.
          





Hartford Schroders Tax-Aware Bond 


                                                    11.1

                                                    0.0

                                                    3.05








Hartford Municipal Opportunities Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford Municipal Opportunities I


3.81
-0.50
3.48
3.44
3.04
2.95


Benchmark1


3.21
-0.15
2.70
2.70
4.28
---


Morningstar Muni National Intermediate Category


3.03
-0.79
2.35
2.34
3.70
---




Hartford Municipal Opportunities I


3.81
-0.50
3.48
3.44
3.04
2.95


Benchmark1


3.21
-0.15
2.70
2.70
4.28
---


Morningstar Muni National Intermediate Category


3.03
-0.79
2.35
2.34
3.70
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.47


1 
               Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond 1-15 Year Index is a sub-index of the Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond Index. It is a rules-based market value-weighted index of bonds with maturities of one year to 15 years engineered for the tax-exempt bond market. 
          





Hartford Municipal Opportunities 


                                                    8.63

                                                    0.0

                                                    4.5








Hartford World Bond Fund


                                                                 Performance (%)
(as of 6/30/2017)
(as of 6/30/2017)


Quarter-end

Month-end











YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
SI





Hartford World Bond I


1.36
0.19
1.16
2.20
---
3.10


Benchmark1


4.49
-4.14
-1.00
-0.20
---
---


Morningstar World Bond Category


4.46
1.68
0.25
1.50
---
---




Hartford World Bond I


1.36
0.19
1.16
2.20
---
3.10


Benchmark1


4.49
-4.14
-1.00
-0.20
---
---


Morningstar World Bond Category


4.46
1.68
0.25
1.50
---
---







Operating ExpensesGross: 0.79


1 
               Citigroup World Government Bond Index is a market-capitalization-weighted index consisting of government bond markets. Country eligibility is determined based on market capitalization and investability criteria. All issues have a remaining maturity of at least one year.
          





Hartford World Bond 


                                                    10.44

                                                    -0.1

                                                    1.75










VIEW PERFORMANCE



Performance data quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of the investment will fluctuate so that an investors' shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted.














Hartford Balanced Income Fund I (HBLIX)
Fund Outlook & Commentary












   Fact Sheet        Fund Story  








Financial Professionals Register Now | Login




















3Q 2017 Outlooks (Wellington) 
                    							

Thought leaders from Wellington Management provide their outlook on issues that will influence markets for the remainder of the year.































Time Management for Advisors 
                    							

Replace dated time management strategies with focus management to improve the health and growth of our business.































Client Conversations: Doctors and Prescriptions and—Uber? Oh My! 
                    							

When it comes to retirement, prepare for both the expected and the unexpected.  




























Check the background of this firm/individual on FINRA's BrokerCheck.
The MIT AgeLab is not an affiliate or subsidiary of Hartford Funds.
202177





























Onload Advanced Overlay
open registrationOverlay
open loginoverlay

Onload Overlay

Reset your password
Role Selection



