

Harvest Fund Advisors | Our Team












Our Team
We have a deep team of energy infrastructure and investment professionals dedicated to building portfolios and servicing the needs of institutional investors.
Management Team
David J. Martinelli – Managing Partner
Eric Conklin – Portfolio Manager
John Simkiss – Portfolio Strategist
Anthony Merhige – Chief Operating Officer & General Counsel
David Thayer – Chief Financial Officer & CCO
Investment Analysts
Nicholas Gaspari – Investment Analyst
Sanjay Khindri – Investment Analyst
Brandon Adams – Investment Analyst
Ethan Chung – Investment Analyst
Kelly Zhou – Investment Analyst
Jonathan Font – Investment Analyst
Sean Freitag – Investment Analyst
Business Development and Client Service
Carl Robbins – Consultant Relations Director
Kirk Huddles – Business Development Director
Operations
Carol Mullin – Controller
Judge Hug – Trade Analyst
Garvin Hunt – Operations Analyst
Alvin Bastian – Operations Analyst
Management Team
David J. Martinelli – Managing Partner:
Mr. Martinelli has two decades’ experience in MLPs and energy infrastructure, having joined Harvest at inception in 2005 and having previously served as principal and majority owner of Glenmoor Partners LLC which led a management buyout of the General Partner of Buckeye Pipeline Company, a NYSE-listed MLP, from the Penn Central Corporation in 1996. During his tenure at Buckeye, Mr. Martinelli engineered the financial restructuring of the Company and directed corporate acquisitions in excess of $150 million. Prior to joining Buckeye, Mr. Martinelli was an investment banker with Salomon Brothers in New York; Paine Webber International in London; and Drexel Burnham Lambert in both London and New York. Mr. Martinelli has a B.S. in Finance from Syracuse University and an M.B.A. from the Stern School of Business at New York University.
Eric Conklin – Portfolio Manager:
Mr. Conklin joined Harvest as its Portfolio Manager in 2006. He has nearly fifteen years of Wall Street energy industry experience, having previously served as a Vice President in the Credit Suisse Energy Equity Research Group responsible for coverage of the MLP sector. Prior to Credit Suisse, Mr. Conklin was a Research Analyst on both the Exploration & Production and Oil Services teams at Lehman Brothers. Before moving to research, Mr. Conklin was an Associate in the Mergers & Acquisitions Group at JP Morgan and an associate in the Energy Group at the Bank of New York. Mr. Conklin received a B.A. in Economics from Hamilton College, where he graduated Magna Cum Laude and as a member of Phi Beta Kappa, and an M.B.A. with Honors from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
John Simkiss – Portfolio Strategist:
Mr. Simkiss joined Harvest at inception in 2005 and now serves as the Portfolio Strategist and Risk Manager for the Firm. He has nearly two decades’ experience in the design of complex financial models and investment strategies, having spent five years in private equity with Vivum Group LLC and over a decade in the insurance industry with The Simkiss Companies, where he managed a portfolio of high-yield debt. Mr. Simkiss has earned CLU, CPCU, AFSB, and ChFC professional designations and has held Series 6 and Series 63 NASD certifications. Mr. Simkiss received his B.A. from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut.
Anthony Merhige – Chief Operating Officer & General Counsel:
Mr. Merhige joined Harvest at inception in 2005 and now serves as the Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel. He has nearly two decades’ experience in law, operations, and regulatory compliance, having spent five years in private equity with Vivum Group LLC and nearly eight years as an Associate in the Philadelphia office of the multi-national law firm Pepper Hamilton LLP. Mr. Merhige received a B.A. with Honors from the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore and a J.D. from Temple University in Philadelphia, where he was an Editor of the Law Review.
David Thayer – Chief Financial Officer & CCO:
Mr. Thayer joined Harvest at inception in 2005 and now serves as the Chief Financial and Compliance Officer. He has nearly two decades experience in operations and finance, having previously served as Chief Operating and Compliance Officer at Endowment Management LLC, a $500 million hedge fund catering to marquee endowments and foundations. Prior to Endowment, Mr. Thayer also worked with Booz Allen & Hamilton, Aegon, N.V., and the Hay Group. For 20 years he also served with the Army Reserves, most recently as Commander of the First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry, an historic armored cavalry unit. Mr. Thayer received a B.S. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, an M.A. from the London School of Economics, and an M.B.A. with Honors from the University of Chicago.
Investment Analysts
Nicholas Gaspari – Investment Analyst:
Mr. Gaspari joined Harvest as an Investment Analyst in 2008, having previously served as an Analyst at J.P. Morgan in the Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities Group. Prior to J.P. Morgan, Mr. Gaspari was an Investment Associate with U.S. Trust Company. Mr. Gaspari received a B.A. in History from Boston College.
Sanjay Khindri – Investment Analyst:
Mr. Khindri joined Harvest as an Investment Analyst in 2008, having previously served as an Associate with The Vanguard Group. At Vanguard, Mr. Khindri participated in analyzing individual investment objectives and managed a team of investment associates. Mr. Khindri received his B.S. from the University of Delaware, an M.S. in Finance with Honors from Pace University, and an M.S from Villanova University.
Brandon Adams – Investment Analyst:
Mr. Adams joined Harvest as an Investment Analyst in 2010, having previously served as an Analyst at Aquiline Capital Partners. Prior to Aquiline, Mr. Adams served in the U.S. Army for five years, winning a number of service medals and ribbons. Mr. Adams received his B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and his M.B.A. from Temple University.
Ethan Chung – Investment Analyst:
Mr. Chung joined Harvest as an Investment Analyst in 2013, after completing his undergraduate coursework at the Wharton School. During his time at Wharton, Mr. Chung interned at Boston Advisors. Mr. Chung received his B.S. from the University of Pennsylvania.
Kelly Zhou – Investment Analyst:
Ms. Zhou joined Harvest as an Investment Analyst in 2014, after completing her undergraduate coursework at the Wharton School. During her time at Wharton, Ms. Zhou interned in the Research group at Barclays. Ms. Zhou received her B.S. from the University of Pennsylvania.
Jonathan Font – Investment Analyst:
Mr. Font joined Harvest as an Investment Analyst in 2014, after completing his undergraduate coursework at the Wharton School. During his time at Wharton, Mr. Font interned at Harvest. Mr. Font received his B.S. from the University of Pennsylvania.
Sean Freitag – Investment Analyst:
Mr. Freitag joined Harvest as an Investment Analyst in 2016 after completing his MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Freitag spent thirteen years in the U.S. Navy as a Navy SEAL, serving seven years with Naval Special Warfare Development Group (DEVGRU) and four years with SEAL Team Four. He received numerous awards and recognitions including, among others, four Bronze Stars with Combat Vs and a Joint Service Commendation Medal with Combat V. While serving in the Navy, Mr. Freitag received his B.S. from Norwich University, graduating Summa Cum Laude.
Business Development and Client Service
Carl Robbins – Consultant Relations Director:
Mr. Robbins joined Harvest in 2010. He has nearly two decades’ experience in fund sales and marketing, having served as the Senior Manager for Consultant Relations/Institutional Sales at The Vanguard Group. At Vanguard, Mr. Robbins was responsible for the creation and direction of the Consultant Relations group. Prior to Vanguard, Mr. Robbins spent twenty-five years in HR with various enterprises, including FMC Corporation, Towers Perrin, and the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Robbins also had a storied Philadelphia basketball career, having served as the Captain of the 1970 Ivy League Champion Penn team. Mr. Robbins received a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
Kirk Huddles – Business Development Director:
Mr. Huddles joined Harvest in 2010. He has nearly two decades’ experience in capital introduction and project financing, having previously served as the owner-operator of Equator Enterprises Inc., specializing in asset-raising for select alternatives firms from institutions within the Taft-Hartley, municipal, and endowment markets. Mr. Huddles has also served as a Managing Director for Point Capital Partners, a merchant banking firm, and for Gemini Partners, a boutique middle-markets investment banking firm. Mr. Huddles holds a B.A. from The University of Richmond and an M.B.A from Georgetown University.
Operations
Carol Mullin – Controller:
Ms. Mullin joined Harvest in 2005 at inception. She had previously served for over a decade as a Controller for The Simkiss Companies, where she handled the record-keeping and accounting for numerous financial portfolios.
Judge Hug – Trade Analyst:
Mr. Hug joined Harvest in 2014 as a Trade Analyst. He previously served as an associate at The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. At BNY Mellon, Mr. Hug served within the Managed Investments group at Pershing, LLC, a BNY Mellon Company, and BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Mr. Hug received a B.S. in Business Administration from Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania, where he graduated Cum Laude, and an M.S. in Finance with Honors from the Fox School of Business at Temple University in Philadelphia.
Garvin V. Hunt – Operations Analyst:
Mr. Hunt joined Harvest in 2014 as an Operations Analyst, after completing his MBA at LaSalle University. Mr. Hunt was also a member of the LaSalle Men’s Varsity Basketball team which advanced to the NCAA Sweet 16 in 2012-13. He received his B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania.
Alvin Bastian – Operations Analyst:
Mr. Bastian joined Harvest as an Operations Analyst in 2016 after previously having served as a Senior accountant at Stephano Slack, LLC a regional public accounting firm where he worked on numerous audit engagements for private companies. Prior to his role at Stephano Slack, Mr. Bastian served as an Accounting Analyst at SEI Investments working within the Private Equity Funds Group. Mr. Bastian received his B.S. from Philadelphia University.









why harvest
our team
mlps & energy
research & updates
contact us





Investing in the companies that fuel the American economy.






© 2011 Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC
PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF USE



  Harvest Fund Advisors| Welcome                             why harvest our team mlps & energy research & updates contact us                      	It's a story about moving energy from point A to point B.  In the beginning they were pioneers ... and today they're still pioneers.                              © 2011 Harvest Fund Advisors, LLCPRIVACY POLICY |  TERMS OF USE         Harvest Fund Advisors | Why Harvest                  Why HarvestHarvest Fund Advisors LLC is an independent investment advisory firm based in suburban Philadelphia. Since our founding in 2005, we have sought to capitalize on emergent opportunities in energy infrastructure master limited partnerships (MLPs) and U.S. energy markets for those institutions that entrust their capital with us. We do this via pooled investment vehicles and separately managed accounts, with the majority of our AUM coming from institutional investors including public pension plans, corporate plans, endowments, and foundations. Our Mission Harvest’s investors have placed their trust and confidence in us. Our mission is to earn that privilege anew each day and to richly reward our clients for their faith. We will act with honesty and integrity above all else, and we will focus exclusively on the best interests of our clients. Competitive Advantage We would highlight several factors that differentiate Harvest from peer firms:  Spend just a few minutes with us and you will quickly realize that we absolutely love what we do. We are passionate about energy markets and our clients. We have a former owner-operator of one of the largest MLPs at the helm; in addition, our Portfolio Manager was the former head of MLP Research for Credit Suisse. This experience forms the bedrock of our rigorous bottom-up fundamental analysis and provides Harvest with unique insight into evaluating investments and formulating investment portfolios for our clients based on long standing industry and management team contacts. Our unique and extensive industry experience is married with best-in-breed research and proprietary modeling. We work closely with clients to understand their goals and to, where appropriate, build a customized portfolio that is designed to capture returns with a commensurate amount of risk. As active managers seeking to generate Alpha, we strive to effectively manage risk. This is a core responsibility. We believe managing risk includes both controlling it and ensuring that the level and types of risk taken are in line with each client’s goals. We are a “boutique” investment advisor catering exclusively to institutional investors. We understand the demands and needs of institutional investors and strive to ensure client satisfaction. Our track record is proven. However, we understand that each day is new and are committed to maintaining a diligent and repeatable process on behalf of those institutions that entrust us with their capital.         why harvest our team mlps & energy research & updates contact us                      	Investing in the companies that fuel the American economy.                     © 2011 Harvest Fund Advisors, LLCPRIVACY POLICY |  TERMS OF USE      Harvest Fund Advisors | Research & Updates                 Research & Updates We have distinguished ourselves with the volume and breadth of materials we have published within the MLP and energy infrastructure space. Please contact us directly at 610.341.9700 or info@harvestmlp.com if you would like to speak with us regarding Harvest, MLPs, energy markets, or our general investment views.  In addition, some frequently requested materials are provided below:  Industry Background MLP 101 – An Investor’s Guide Firm Materials Privacy Policy         why harvest our team mlps & energy research & updates contact us                      	Investing in the companies that fuel the American economy.                     © 2011 Harvest Fund Advisors, LLCPRIVACY POLICY |  TERMS OF USE      Harvest Fund Advisors            Contact US 100 West Lancaster Avenue             Suite 200            Wayne, PA 19087  Telephone:  610.341.9700            Fax:  610.995.9775            Email:  info@harvestmlp.com We are conveniently located in the heart of Wayne, PA.  We are a mere fifteen miles from Center City Philadelphia, with convenient access to Philadelphia International Airport, major highways, and SEPTA regional rail. For specific driving directions and visitor parking guidance, please click here.         why harvest our team mlps & energy research & updates contact us                      	Investing in the companies that fuel the American economy.                     © 2011 Harvest Fund Advisors, LLCPRIVACY POLICY |  TERMS OF USE      Harvest Fund Advisors | MLPs & Energy                 MLPs & Energy With our differentiated best-of-breed research and investment process, Harvest is a leader in MLP and energy infrastructure investing for institutional investors.  	  Our Thesis		We believe that:		 MLPs are misunderstood and mispriced;	 MLPs offer investors best-in-class yield with sustainable long-term growth prospects;	 A favorable macro energy infrastructure backdrop, coupled with inherent cost-of-capital advantages, will enable MLPs to grow both organically and through acquisitions; and MLPs will grow from a little-known and somewhat misunderstood investment into a defined real asset sector allocation, thereby rewarding institutional investors who invested for the long haul.  Our Investment Objective  Harvest’s investment objective is to deliver to our clients both high yield and stable growth, through the disciplined application of our investment and trading strategies to MLP and energy infrastructure assets.   Our return objectives are to generate positive, consistent, and stable risk-adjusted returns for our investors by exploiting market inefficiencies and the fundamental mispricing of MLPs and energy infrastructure assets. We use our fundamental, value-oriented, bottom-up research, analysis, and industry knowledge to generate alpha. Overall, we believe that not all MLPs are equal and that risk analysis at a security level is often misunderstood in our sector. Via detailed fundamental analysis, we have the ability to build concentrated portfolios for our clients that are well diversified and carry less risk, based on a myriad of financial and balance sheet metrics.  Our Investment Process We employ a clear, disciplined investment process that utilizes our own proprietary qualitative models to identify long and short-term market opportunities. Our models reflect the cumulative experience and wisdom of our investment staff, including Mr. Martinelli and his decade of experience as an MLP owner-operator. Our qualitative approach is then considered in tandem with knowledge developed from our strong relationships with MLP management teams and our proprietary quantitative analysis. This ultimately results in our security selections and portfolio weightings.         why harvest our team mlps & energy research & updates contact us                      	Investing in the companies that fuel the American economy.                     © 2011 Harvest Fund Advisors, LLCPRIVACY POLICY |  TERMS OF USE    










 






Harvest Fund Advisors LLC


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Harvest Fund Advisors LLC
Financial Services Company






Institutional Investors

Financial Services Companies

Harvest Fund Advisors LLC





















Harvest Fund Advisors LLC
is  a Delaware Financial Services Company located in Wayne,
Pennsylvania.  
 






100 West Lancaster Avenue
Wayne,
Pennsylvania, 
19087 
United States
Phone: (610) 341-9700



COO & General Counsel
Anthony Merhige




JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 17:38:08.568928
As of Date2017-03-31
Latest Filing2017-05-15
Legal NameHarvest Fund Advisors LLC
NameHarvest Fund Advisors LLC
CIK0001456075
Legal Entity TypeLimited Liability Company
Legal Entity IdentifierSC71N3MJZMD0E7IQSQ35
EIN134314689











Holdings



Long Positions






Plans



401(k) Plans: 1









Long Positions: 2017-03-31

SecurityValue



Enterprise Products Partners L P (EPD)
1.19B


Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. (ETP)
932.21M


Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE)
638.07M


MPLX LP (MPLX)
596.45M


Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL)
552.91M


Plains All American Pipeline LP (PAA)
549.94M


WILLIAMS PARTNERS L P NEW
522.01M


Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. (SXL)
352.51M


Williams Companies Inc (WMB)
325.30M


Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP)
307.96M


Magellan Midstream Partners LP (MMP)
296.00M


Macquarie Infrastructure Corp (MIC)
249.42M


ONEOK Partners LP (OKS)
237.19M


NuStar Energy L.P. (NS)
232.62M


Targa Resources Corp. (TRGP)
219.16M


Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (BWP)
211.32M


Enbridge Energy Partners LP (EEP)
204.33M


EQT Midstream Partners, LP (EQM)
191.17M


Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP)
190.22M


Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. (SHLX)
180.69M


Kinder Morgan, Inc. (KMI)
166.04M


SemGroup Corp (SEMG)
151.27M


EnLink Midstream Partners, LP (ENLK)
146.78M


DynCorp International Inc. (DCP)
144.14M


TRANSCANADA CORP
142.87M


NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL)
136.46M


Cheniere Energy Inc (LNG)
119.66M


Western Refining Logistics, LP (WNRL)
117.17M


Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM)
108.50M


Archrock Partners, L.P. (APLP)
95.85M


Tallgrass Energy Partners, LP (TEP)
94.32M


KINDER MORGAN INC DEL
92.83M


CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL)
81.73M


Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. (CQP)
76.43M


Westlake Chemical Partners LP (WLKP)
76.32M


Summit Midstream Partners, LP (SMLP)
70.11M


Valero Energy Partners LP (VLP)
61.45M


Noble Midstream Partners LP (NBLX)
56.49M


Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP)
50.95M


Holly Energy Partners LP (HEP)
46.63M


NuStar GP Holdings, LLC (NSH)
44.63M


Tallgrass Energy GP, LP (TEGP)
42.91M


Genesis Energy LP (GEL)
42.23M


Vtti Energy Partners Lp
34.85M


USA Compression Partners, LP (USAC)
31.57M


PBF Logistics LP (PBFX)
27.90M


Rice Energy Inc. (RICE)
26.55M


Sunoco LP (SUN)
21.87M


PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (PTXP)
21.03M


Antero Resources Corp (AR)
20.55M


Archrock, Inc. (AROC)
15.22M


Sprague Resources LP (SRLP)
7.55M


Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings, LLC (CQH)
6.77M


Enbridge Energy Management L L C (EEQ)
1.36M


Enable Midstream Partners, LP (ENBL)
1.16M


Martin Midstream Partners LP (MMLP)
821.00K







401(k) Plans: 2017-03-31



Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC 401(K) Retirement Plan
Pennsylvania
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:11 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also caters to pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, state and municipal government entities, and corporations. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios. It also manages hedge funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity markets of United States. It primarily invests in master limited partnerships. The firm employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up approach to create its portfolios. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. It typically invests in companies i...
Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also caters to pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, state and municipal government entities, and corporations. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios. It also manages hedge funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity markets of United States. It primarily invests in master limited partnerships. The firm employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up approach to create its portfolios. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. It typically invests in companies in the energy sector. Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC was founded in 2005 and is based in Wayne, Pennsylvania.
Detailed Description


100 West Lancaster AvenueSuite 200Wayne, PA 19087United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 610-341-9700

Fax: 610-995-9775

www.harvestmlp.com/index.html







Key Executives for Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC




Mr. David John Martinelli


      	Managing Partner
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. David Bruce Thayer


      	Chief Financial officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Anthony Jared Merhige


      	Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel
      








Ms. Kelly Zhou


      	Investment Analyst
      








Mr. Kirk Huddles


      	Business Development Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      March 2, 2017
			    
VTTI Energy Partners LP





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC, please visit www.harvestmlp.com/index.html.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Garvin Hunt - Operations Analyst at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Garvin Hunt
Operations Analyst at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History 


Garvin Hunt
Operations Analyst at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 21 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




David John Martinelli

Founder at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC




David Bruce Thayer

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Compliance Officer at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC





Anthony Jared Merhige

Chief Operating Officer & General Counsel at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC




Carol Mullin

Controller at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC





Kirk  Huddles

Business Development Director at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC




Eric Mitchell Conklin

Portfolio Manager at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC





Nicholas Gaspari

Investment Analyst at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC




Sanjay Kumar Khindri

Research Analyst at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC





Brandon Adams

Investment Analyst at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC




Ethan Y. D. Chung

Investment Analyst at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC







See 11 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 11 More 


 


 Paths to Garvin Hunt



            Garvin Hunt          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Garvin Hunt






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Garvin Hunt.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Operations Analyst

                                    Current                


Harvest Fund Advisors LLC


                  Harvest Fund Advisors seeks to generate positive, consistent, and stable risk-adjusted returns for their investors by exploiting market inefficiencies and the fundamental mispricing of MLPs and energy infrastructure assets. Harvest uses fundamental, value-oriented, bottom-up research, analysis, and industry knowledge to generate alpha. They manage separate accounts and funds focusing on energy and energy infrastructure assets with a particular emphasis on US MLPs. The funds may be organized in the US or in a foreign jurisdiction as limited liability companies, limited partnerships, trusts, or offshore corporations, partnerships, trusts, or any other legal entity. For some of their clients or funds, Harvest may purchase or sell derivatives instruments or swaps.                





 Other Affiliations




              Garvin Hunt is affiliated with
                            Harvest Fund Advisors LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC                                                                                               - Wayne                                             , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Wayne



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC
                                    



 





















H 


Harvest Fund Advisors, LLC                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



100 W LANCASTER AVE # 200 WAYNE, PA 19087
Get Directions



(610) 341-9700
www.harvestmlp.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $2,135,600.00
 Employee Count 17
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts David Martinelli                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Harvest Fund Advisors, Llc                                                                                               was founded in 2005. Harvest Fund Advisors, Llc                                                                                               specializes in Investment Advice. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















HARVEST FUND ADVISORS LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      HARVEST FUND ADVISORS LLC
                    

HTTP://WWW.HARVESTMLP.COM
•   WAYNE, PA
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Harvest Fund Advisors is based out of Wayne. Harvest Fund Advisors is a hedge fund  with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $11,300,000,000 (Form ADV from 2017-03-01).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $10,562,453,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 56.5%. Harvest Fund Advisors's largest holding is Enterprise Products Partners LP with shares held of 43,100,303.  Harvest Fund Advisors has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 37 13Fs and  40 13D/G filings in our database for Harvest Fund Advisors. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from HARVEST FUND ADVISORS LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


ETE
        
        Energy Transfer Equ...
1.061%



TRGP
        
        Targa Resources Corp
0.793%



TLLP
        
        Tesoro Logistics LP
0.637%



WPZ
        
        Williams Partners L.P.
0.601%



OKS
        
        ONEOK Partners LP
0.557%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


PAA
         
         Plains All American...
1.23%


MMP
         
         Magellan Midstream ...
0.908%


EEP
         
         Enbridge Energy Par...
0.89%


PSX
         
         Phillips 66 (New)
0.811%


PAGP
         
         Plains Group Holdin...
0.708%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


EPD
                                                  
                                                  Enterprise Products Partner...
11.2663%


ETP
                                                  
                                                  Energy Transfer Partners LP...
8.8257%


ETE
                                                  
                                                  Energy Transfer Equity LP
6.0409%


MPLX
                                                  
                                                  MPLX L.P.
5.6469%


BPL
                                                  
                                                  Buckeye Partners LP
5.2346%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $10.562 Billion

                        Prior Market Value
                        $9.707 Billion
New Purchases5 stocks
Additional Purchases35 stocks
Sold out of4 stocks
Reduced holdings in16 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %56.50%
Turnover %
                        [1]:16.07%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:10.81%
Time Held Top20:10.65 quarters
Time Held Top10:10.20 quarters
Time Held All:11.96 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for HARVEST FUND ADVISORS LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-07-20 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
-0.52%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
18.32%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-28








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-28
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2008 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

HARVEST FUND ADVISORS LLC

Classified as Hedge Fund

100 WEST LANCASTER AVENUE
SECOND FLOOR

WAYNE
PA
            
        19087
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          610-341-9700
Fax:
              610-995-9775


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
19


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
4,080,000,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
5


Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.HARVESTMLP.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for HARVEST FUND ADVISORS LLC
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



























Harvest Fund Advisors LLC | Wealthminder











































Harvest Fund Advisors LLC


Harvest Fund Advisors LLC
(CRD# 154425) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Wayne, PA.
They
manage $7,042,000,000 in 881 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 31 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Harvest Fund Advisors LLC




100 West Lancaster Avenue, Second Floor,
Wayne,
PA
19087
610-341-9700
http://www.harvestmlp.com




http://www.harvestmlp.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

7,042
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

881
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$7,993,190







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DE, FL, GA, IA, IL, LA, MA, MD, MI, MN, MO, NC, NH, NJ, NV, NY, OH, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, VA, WA, WI






Financial Advisors at Harvest Fund Advisors LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














