
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




	JAMES HARVEY CRATE Trademark of CRATE, JAMES HARVEY. Serial Number: 78555664 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Environmental Control Instrument Prod...
JAMES HARVEY CRATE










 
Get FREE email alerts













JAMES HARVEY CRATE  Trademark Information
 CRATE, JAMES HARVEY
TABLE LAMP




Perfect for these industries

Environmental Control Instrument Products (lighting, heating, cooling, cooking)





Words that describe this mark
table   lamp    
                                    




This is a brand page for the JAMES HARVEY CRATE trademark by CRATE, JAMES HARVEY 
                                in PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19147.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this JAMES HARVEY CRATE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner CRATE, JAMES HARVEY of the JAMES HARVEY CRATE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the JAMES HARVEY CRATE trademark.
                           






On Friday, January 28, 2005,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        JAMES HARVEY CRATE by 
                        CRATE, JAMES HARVEY, PHILADELPHIA, PA  19147.
                        The USPTO has given the JAMES HARVEY CRATE 
                        trademark serial  number of  78555664.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for JAMES HARVEY CRATE is 
                        
                        
                                            JAMES HARVEY CRATE of 
                                            736 S 2ND ST,  PHILADELPHIA, PA 19147-3427,  
                                .
                            The JAMES HARVEY CRATE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Environmental Control Instrument Products (lighting, heating, cooling, cooking)
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for JAMES HARVEY CRATE 
                            is TABLE LAMP. 
                            





Word mark:
 JAMES HARVEY CRATE


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

7/18/2006






  Serial Number:  
78555664


  Filing Date:  
1/28/2005


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
TABLE LAMP


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/25/2005


Last Applicant/Owner:

CRATE, JAMES HARVEYPHILADELPHIA, PA  19147
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


JAMES HARVEY CRATE
736 S 2ND ST
PHILADELPHIA, PA 19147-3427







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (011) - Apparatus for lighting, heating, steam generating, cooking, refrigerating, drying, ventilating, water supply, and sanitary purposes.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your JAMES HARVEY CRATE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/18/2006
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JAMES HARVEY CRATE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of JAMES HARVEY CRATE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search jamesharveycrate on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for JAMES HARVEY CRATE 




JAMES HARVEY CRATE is providing TABLE LAMP.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















Insider trading history of Harvey Mark James    at S&w Seed Co 



















Insider Monitor



Realtime

Insider Buys 

Insider buys today     
Insider buys 1 day ago
Insider buys 2 days ago
Insider buys 3 days ago
Insider buys 4 days ago
Insider buys 5 days ago
Insider buys 6 days ago
Insider buys 7 days ago
Insider buys 8 days ago
Insider buys 9 days ago
Insider buys 10 days ago



Insider Sales 

Insider sales today       
Insider sales 1 day ago
Insider sales 2 days ago
Insider sales 3 days ago
Insider sales 4 days ago
Insider sales 5 days ago
Insider sales 6 days ago
Insider sales 7 days ago



Top 10 

Top 10 insider buys of the week
Top 10 officer buys of the week
Top 10 insider buys of the month
Top 10 officer buys of the month
Top 10 insider sales of the week
Top 10 insider sales of the month









               
		







 Insider Stock Trading History of Harvey Mark James  








The following table details the trading activities 
(stock purchases, stock sales, and stock option exercises) 
reported to 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
by insider Harvey Mark James  since year 2005. 
The trader's CIK number is 1573791.
At the time of this reporting, Harvey Mark James  is the Chairman of the Board of S&w Seed Co . 
(stock ticker symbol SANW).
See this page for all insider trading activities at S&w Seed Co . 





Stock purchases, sales, and option exercises reported by insider Harvey Mark James  since 2005.
  

   Trade Date   
 Symbol 
 Company Name (Issuer) 
 Trade Type 
     Shares   
     Price ($)
   Value ($) 

 2017-07-01  SANW  S&w Seed Co   Option Ex  772  .00  0 
 2017-04-01  SANW  S&w Seed Co   Option Ex  772  .00  0 
 2017-01-01  SANW  S&w Seed Co   Option Ex  772  .00  0 
 2016-10-01  SANW  S&w Seed Co   Option Ex  1,837  .00  0 
 2016-07-01  SANW  S&w Seed Co   Option Ex  1,837  .00  0 
 2016-04-01  SANW  S&w Seed Co   Option Ex  1,836  .00  0 
 2016-01-01  SANW  S&w Seed Co   Option Ex  1,836  .00  0 
 2015-10-01  SANW  S&w Seed Co   Option Ex  1,500  .00  0 
 2014-05-20  SANW  S&w Seed Co   Sale  20,500  6.47  132,635 
 2014-05-21  SANW  S&w Seed Co   Sale  7,716  6.48  49,999 


Insider trading activities including stock purchases, stock sales, and option exercises
listed in the above table cannot be completely guaranteed as to their accuracy.
For more  information regarding the trades made by Harvey Mark James  
(Chairman of the Board of S&w Seed Co  at the time of this reporting) see 

the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  website.


















 



















Newest Insider Buys 
Insider Trading Resources 
Archive  
Privacy  
Contact  
2016,2017 Market Holidays 
Market Hours 






Tweet



 ©2017, insider-monitor.com. All rights reserved. 
 
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Member Profile




























HomeMembersAboutNewsMember CasesLinksContact

                        The Forum of Complex Injury Solicitors
                    


incorporating the Richard Grand Society

MembersCriteria for Membership










Home  >  Members  >  Member Profile             	
                    
Mark Harvey


Company
   	  Hugh James Solicitors Profile




Address
            Hodge House, 114 - 116 St. Mary Street, Cardiff, CF10 1DY
          





Telephone: 
            029 2022 4871 



Website: 
              www.hughjames.com








ResponsibilitiesMark Harvey is the partner in charge of the Product Liability section of the Claimant Division of Hugh James in Cardiff, a member of the Legal Services Commission's Multi-Party Solicitors' Panel. 
He has obtained compensation for many individual victims of common but defective consumer products. He is presently representing over 1000 claimants in actions arising out of the Seroxat and Vioxx pharmaceutical products as well as in three Group Actions concerning medical devices. Most recently he negotiated a settlement protocol for patients who alleged visual problems from their cataract remedial intraocular lenses. 
He is a past Secretary of the Association of Personal Injury Lawyers as well as being a Fellow of APIL, one of the two UK Governors of the American Association for Justice (formerly ATLA) and a member of the Civil Justice Council. 
Author of the APIL Guide to Conditional Fees and the contributor of the Group Actions and Product Liability chapters in the APIL Personal Injury Guide both published by Jordans; he is also the contributing author of the Marketing chapter of the Law Society's Civil Litigation Handbook (2nd Edition) and Board Member of the Journal of Personal Injury Law. 
He has been described as a "Leader in Personal injury and Product Liability" in Chambers and Partners and the Legal 500 during 1999-2007. In 2005 he surprised many including him when nominated as Wales' only entry in The Lawyer's "Hot 100" and even more so in 2006 when invited to appear in Debrett's People of Today! 

Career OverviewMark Harvey was admitted in 1990 as a Solicitor having begun his career in London as a Trainee Legal Executive in 1980 with Owen White, qualifying as a Legal Executive in 1987 working on high street legal aid personal injury claims as well as the Opren group action. 
From 1990-94 he was with Lawford & Co, representing major Trade Unions in South Wales including electrical, banking and local government unions, developing an amusing practice representing British Airways stewardesses! 
He joined the Smith Llewelyn Partnership in 1994 to revive his personal and professional relationship with the firm (with whom he had litigated the Opren anti-arthritis drug litigation from 1982 until 1987). He became a partner there in 1995. 
In May 2001, he became a partner in the Claimant Division of Hugh James in Cardiff, with whom he had been co-ordinating the Gerona air crash claims. 
He has represented victims in most of the travel disasters of the 1980s and 1990s, including Zeebrugge, Clapham, P & O Lifeboat accident in Cherbourg, and the Maidenhead rail fire. He was a member of the Steering Committees for both the Southall and Ladbroke Grove rail crashes. 
He represented Ricky Evans, the first international rugby player to successfully sue another for injury occurring during an international rugby match. He has obtained compensation for many individual victims of common but defective consumer products. He is presently representing over 1000 claimants in actions arising out of the Seroxat and Vioxx pharmaceutical products as well as in three Group Actions concerning various injuries and complaints with medical devices. Most recently he negotiated a settlement protocol for patients who alleged visual problems from their cataract remedial intraocular lenses. 
He is past Secretary of the Association of Personal Injury Lawyers (APIL) and now a Fellow of APIL; member of the Civil Justice Council and one of the two UK Governors of the American Association for Justice, (formerly known as ATLA) as well as being Vice President of Cardiff and District Law Society. 
Author of the APIL Guide to Conditional Fees and the contributor of the Group Actions and Product Liability chapters in the APIL Personal Injury Guide both published by Jordans; he is also the contributing author of the Marketing chapter of the Law Society's Civil Litigation Handbook (2nd Edition) and Board Member of the Journal of Personal Injury Law. 
He has lectured extensively around Britain, mainland Europe and the US on personal injury matters, is a regular author of articles in legal journals and broadcasts regularly on television and radio.Despite this, he finds time to enjoy playing football and golf well as cooking and enjoying wine appreciation. He has been described as a "Leader in Personal Injury and Product Liability" in Chambers and Partners and the Legal 500 during 1999-2007. In 2005 he surprised many including him when nominated as Wales' only entry in The Lawyer's "Hot 100" and even more so in 2006 when invited to appear in Debrett's People of Today! ENDS 







News

The Forum of Complex Injury Solicitors (FOCIS) Response to the Vnuk Consultation
Find out more »
Richard Grand passes away of natural causes
Find out more »
Introduction to the Response by FOCIS to the Discount Rate Questionnaire
Find out more »





Home | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy | Sitemap | Accessibility

    	            © Copyright FOCIS 2008 - all right reserved
                

























A History of Underground Comics Book (2012) by Mark James Estren - Ronin Pub | OLDIES.com































A History of Underground Comics


by
Mark James Estren









WatchPreview
























7
ratings



















Price:



$21.34





List Price:


$29.95




You Save:


$8.61
(29% Off)






Currently Out of Stock:
 We'll get more as soon as possible





Notify Me When Available

Save for Later


Paperback Book



sku: 
64K93







Free shipping
on most orders of $50+




Brand New




30-day returns








See more details below





Trustpilot











Paperback Book DetailsReleased: September 4, 2012
Originally Released: 2012
Publisher: Ronin Pub

Authors:




Author:




Mark James Estren





Product Description:

In the land that time forgot, 1960s and 1970s America (Amerika to some), there once were some bold, forthright, thoroughly unashamed social commentators who said things that “couldn't be said” and showed things that “couldn't be shown.” They were outrageous — hunted, pursued, hounded, arrested, busted, and looked down on by just about everyone in the mass media who deigned to notice them at all.They were cartoonists — underground cartoonists. And they were some of the cleverest, most interesting social commentators of their time, as well as some of the very best artists, whose work has influenced the visual arts right up until today.A History of Underground Comics is their story — told in their own art, in their own words, with connecting commentary and analysis by one of the very few media people who took them seriously from the start and detailed their worries, concerns and attitudes in broadcast media and, in this book, in print.Author, Mark James Estren knew the artists, lived with and among them, analyzed their work, talked extensively with them, received numerous letters and original drawings from them — and it's all in A History of Underground Comics. What Robert Crumb really thinks of himself and his neuroses…how Gilbert Shelton feels about Wonder Wart-Hog and the Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers…how Bill Griffith handled the early development of Zippy the Pinhead…where Art Spiegelman's ideas for his Pulitzer-prize-winning Maus had their origins…and much, much more.Who influenced these hold-nothing-sacred cartoonists? Those earlier artists are here, too. Harvey Kurtzman — famed Mad editor and an extensive contributor to A History of Underground Comics. Will Eisner of The Spirit — in his own words and drawngs. From the bizarre productions of long-ago, nearly forgotten comic-strip artists, such as Gustave Verbeek (who created 12-panel strips in six panels: you read them one way, then turned them upside down and read them that way), to modern but conventional masters of cartooning, they're all here — all talking to the author and the reader — and all drawing, drawing, drawing.The underground cartoonists drew everything, from over-the-top sex (a whole chapter here) to political commentary far beyond anything in Doonesbury (that is here, too) to analyses of women's issues and a host of societal concerns. From the gorgeously detailed to the primitive and childlike, these artists redefined comics and cartooning, not only for their generation but also for later cartoonists. In A History of Underground Comics, you read and see it all just as it happened, through the words and drawings of the people who made it happen.And what “it” did they make happen? They raised consciousness, sure, but they also reflected a raised consciousness — and got slapped down more than once as a result. The notorious obscenity trial of Zap #4 is told here in words, testimony and illustrations, including the exact drawings judged obscene by the court. Community standards may have been offended then — quite intentionally. Readers can judge whether they would be offended now.And with all their serious concerns, their pointed social comment, the undergrounds were fun, in a way that hidebound conventional comics had not been for decades. Demons and bikers, funny “aminals” and Walt Disney parodies, characters whose anatomy could never be and ones who are utterly recognizable, all come together in strange, peculiar, bizarre, and sometimes unexpectedly affecting and even beautiful art that has never since been duplicated — despite its tremendous influence on later cartoonists. It's all here in A History of Underground Comics, told by an expert observer who weaves together the art and words of the cartoonists themselves into a portrait of a time that seems to belong to the past but that is really as up-to-date as today's headlines.










Classics Illustrated - A Cultural History (2nd Ed.) (Book)


$48.95
on SALE


Add to Cart




 (8)




32% OFF

The Classic Era of American Comics (Book)


$16.98
on SALE


Add to Cart




 (2)




31% OFF

Cracked - If You're Cracked, You're Happy: The History of... (Book)


$23.99
on SALE


Add to Cart




 (6)




29% OFF

Batman the Golden Age 1 (Book)


$17.80


Add to Cart



48% OFF

Forbidden Worlds: Volume #6 (September 1954 to December... (Book)


$24.98
on SALE


Add to Cart



48% OFF

Forbidden Worlds: Volume #5 (February to August 1954,... (Book)


$24.98
on SALE


Add to Cart



48% OFF

Adventures Into the Unknown: Volume #4 (February 1951 to... (Book)


$24.98
on SALE


Add to Cart



48% OFF

Adventures Into the Unknown: Volume #7 (May to October... (Book)


$24.98
on SALE


Add to Cart



48% OFF

Adventures Into the Unknown: Volume #8 (November 1952 to... (Book)


$24.98
on SALE


Add to Cart



48% OFF

Forbidden Worlds: Volume #4 (July 1953 to January 1954,... (Book)


$24.98
on SALE


Add to Cart







75% OFF

Bubblegum: The History Of Plastic Pop (Book)



$4.98
on SALE


Add to Cart




 (3)




87% OFF

Who Sang Our Songs?: The Official Rhythm & Blues And... (Book)


$3.98
on SALE


Add to Cart




 (15)




68% OFF

The Complete Book of Doo Wop


$7.98
on SALE


Add to Cart




 (24)




Hot

The Kinks - God Save The Kinks (Book)



$6.98
on SALE


Add to Cart





Italian Sword and Sandal Films, 1908-1990 (Book)


$35.95
on SALE


Add to Cart





Lee Van Cleef - The Best of the Bad (Book)


$12.98
on SALE


Add to Cart




 (5)




86% OFF

Dinosaur Planet (Book)


99¢
Super Savings


Add to Cart



72% OFF

Group Harmony: Echoes of the Rhythm & Blues Era (Book)


$6.98
on SALE


Add to Cart




 (5)




44% OFF

Cousin Brucie Morrow - Doo Wop: The Music, The Times, The... (Book)


$9.98
on SALE


Add to Cart




 (33)






George Reeves - Speeding Bullet: The Life and Bizarre Death... (Book)


$24.95
on SALE


Add to Cart




 (4)







Customers' Ratings & Reviews:


Customer Rating:
 
Based on 7 ratings. 


Be the first Customer to
write an online review of this product!





Join 121,000+ Fans



Product Info

ISBN: 9781579511562
Shipping Weight: 1.70/lbs (approx)
International Shipping: 1 item













/Genre/Cartoon-Comic-Books

95357O
A History of Underground Comics (Paperback Book)
http://oldies.s3.amazonaws.com/i/boxart/w340/95/11/9781579511562.jpg?v=3
29.95
21.34
USD
OutOfStock
Ronin Pub
Paperback-Book
Cartoon-Comic-Books
2015-08-18







Shopping



How to Order



Shipping Rates & Options



International Shipping



Return Policy




 



Request a FREE Catalog



Order Items by Catalog



View Catalogs Online



Safe Shopping Guarantee



Buy a Gift Certificate




Company



About OLDIES.com



Customer Testimonials



Contact Info



Privacy Statement



Send Feedback




Your Account



Login



Sign Out



Email Subscriptions



Redeem Gift Certificate








To place an order or for customer service, call toll-free
1-800-336-4627
or outside the United States, call
1-610-649-7565


Open
Monday-Friday: 8am-10pm,
Weekends: 10am-9pm
(Eastern Time)


Se habla Español!
Spanish-speaking representatives available,
Monday-Friday: 9am-4pm
(Eastern Time)



Portions of this page © 2017
TiVo Corporation.
For personal non-commercial use only.
All rights reserved.

© 2017 OLDIES.com and its affiliates and partner companies.
All rights reserved.























Mark James Harvey | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. Mark James Harvey will not be notified of your purchase.

 
Related SearchesMark D HarveyMark J HarveyMarcus James HarveyMarcus E HarveyMark E Harvey

Connect With Us











49 Matching Results!Showing Top 20. Use filters to see more.
Filter By Age:All AgesNo Age30 - 3940 - 4950 - 5960 - 6970 - 7980 - 89Has lived in:All CitiesAL - CaleraAL - GardendaleAL - HelenaAL - LeedsAL - MontevalloAL - MoodyAL - OneontaAL - WarriorCA - AlvisoCA - BarstowCA - CarlsbadCA - CastellaCA - Del MarCA - El CajonCA - EncinitasCA - Fort IrwinCA - La JollaCA - Marina Del ReyCA - Menlo ParkCA - MoragaCA - Morgan HillCA - Newport BeachCA - OrangeCA - Portola ValleyCA - PowayCA - Redwood CityCA - San DiegoCA - San DimasCA - San JoseCA - Santa MonicaCA - TorranceCA - TulareCA - VictorvilleCA - VisaliaCA - Woodland HillsCO - AultCO - Fort CollinsCO - GreeleyCO - LovelandDC - WashingtonFL - Boynton BeachFL - BrooksvilleFL - ClermontFL - Delray BeachFL - Floral CityFL - Fort LauderdaleFL - HollywoodFL - JacksonvilleFL - North PortFL - Panama CityFL - Punta GordaFL - West Palm BeachGA - KennesawID - McCallID - MeridianID - New PlymouthIL - BurbankIL - ChicagoKS - Fort LeavenworthKS - LansingKS - LeavenworthKS - OlatheKS - Shawnee MissionKY - Fort CampbellLA - New IberiaMA - DennisMA - DracutMA - East DennisMA - HyannisMA - LowellMA - SandwichMA - South DennisMA - Yarmouth PortMD - BrandywineMD - ClintonMD - KitzmillerMD - OaklandMD - OlneyMD - SalisburyMD - SevernMD - Temple HillsMD - Upper MarlboroMD - WaldorfMI - Ann ArborMI - Battle CreekMI - BrightonMI - CalumetMI - FentonMI - GrandvilleMI - HamtramckMI - KalamazooMI - PlainwellMI - ScottsMI - Whitmore LakeMI - YpsilantiMO - Kansas CityMO - WarrensburgMS - PascagoulaMT - BillingsMT - Great FallsMT - LincolnMT - MissoulaNC - High PointNC - KellyNC - RiegelwoodND - Minot AFBNH - DanvilleNH - OssipeeNH - SanbornvilleNV - Las VegasNY - Ballston SpaNY - CiceroNY - ClayNY - East NorwichNY - GenevaNY - HamlinNY - Little NeckNY - MiltonNY - RochesterOH - TallmadgeOR - AlbanyOR - BendOR - CorvallisOR - Eagle PointOR - Grants PassOR - Klamath FallsOR - Lake OswegoOR - White CityPA - ButlerPA - CarltonPA - CochrantonPA - Conneaut LakePA - FriedensPA - HilltownPA - MeadvillePA - PerkasiePA - PhiladelphiaPA - PhoenixvillePA - PittsburghPA - SaegertownPA - SellersvillePA - Spring CityPA - TunkhannockPA - WarminsterPA - WynnewoodTN - ClarksvilleTN - LimestoneTN - SomervilleTX - AustinTX - CarthageTX - CenterTX - Dripping SpringsTX - Fort WorthTX - GarlandTX - Glen RoseTX - GranburyTX - HuntTX - KerrvilleTX - KilleenTX - PlanoTX - QuinlanTX - San AntonioTX - TenahaTX - VenusTX - WimberleyVA - AlexandriaVA - GalaxVA - IndependenceVA - LortonVA - MartinsvilleVA - RidgewayVA - SpringfieldVA - WoodlawnWA - EnumclawWA - IssaquahWA - LilliwaupWA - Port LudlowWA - Port TownsendWA - PuyallupWA - RidgefieldWA - SumnerWI - FredericWI - LuckWY - Laramie




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


Mark Harvey


Battle Creek, MI



 


View Details


Mark J HarveyAge 48

Mark E HarveyMarcus James HarveyMarcus E Harvey
Grants Pass, ORPort Townsend, WAEagle Point, ORSan Dimas, CANew Iberia, LABillings, MTKlamath Falls, OR
Michelle HarveyFran HarveySara HarveyThomas HarveyGene Harvey


 


View Details


Mark Joseph HarveyAge 53


Pascagoula, MSGranbury, TXGlen Rose, TX
C HarveySarah HarveySkylen HarveyDelana HarveyDanscey Holliday


 


View Details


Mark Joseph HarveyAge 36


Shawnee Mission, KSWynnewood, PA
Melinda HarveyWilliam Harvey


 


View Details


Mark S HarveyAge 64

Mark D Harvey
Clay, NYCicero, NYMilton, NYBallston Spa, NY
Julie HarveyCraig HarveyDebra Harvey


 


View Details


Mary E Harvey

Mary M Harvey
Pittsburgh, PA
Stephen HarveyJames HarveyJohn Harvey


 


View Details


Mark J HarveyAge 59


Issaquah, WARidgefield, WALake Oswego, ORLilliwaup, WA
Rosette Harvey


 


View Details


Mark S HarveyAge 47

Mark Steven DemascioMark S Defendis
Tulare, CAVisalia, CA
Christine HarveyJennifer Demascio


 


View Details


Mark James HarveyAge 59


Garland, TXQuinlan, TXAustin, TXHunt, TXCenter, TXKilleen, TXKerrville, TX
Caleb HarveyJohnnie HarveyPaula HarveyRodney HarveyJeanam Harvey


 


View Details


Mark Carlos HarveyAge 71

Mark Jerome HarveyCarlos Mark Harvey
Gardendale, ALHelena, ALCalera, ALOneonta, ALLeeds, ALMoody, ALMontevallo, AL
Jason HarveySandra HarveyNina HarveyKeith HarveyKimbrell Harvey


 


View Details


Mark Allen HarveyAge 41

Mark J Harvey
Cochranton, PASaegertown, PACarlton, PAConneaut Lake, PAMeadville, PA
Allen HarveyCarol HarveyMary Harvey


 


View Details


Mark J HarveyAge 48


Santa Monica, CANewport Beach, CAOlney, MDOrange, CAMarina Del Rey, CAWoodland Hills, CASpring City, PA
Patricia HarveySamantha ChristieJames Harvey


 


View Details


Mark James HarveyAge 56


Brighton, MIVenus, TXWhitmore Lake, MIAnn Arbor, MIFenton, MIYpsilanti, MICalumet, MI
Clint HarveyKaren HarveyCassidy HarveyTracy HarveyDavid Harvey


 


View Details


Mark Brian HarveyAge 54

Mark J Harvey
Upper Marlboro, MDWaldorf, MDSalisbury, MDAlexandria, VAClinton, MDBrandywine, MDSpringfield, VA
Stephanie HarveyElizabeth HarveyChristian HarveyStefani BrannanBrandon Harvey


 


View Details


Mark J HarveyAge 54


East Dennis, MADennis, MAWashington, DCSandwich, MASouth Dennis, MAYarmouth Port, MADelray Beach, FL
Elizabeth HarveyLisa VieraTeresa HarveyJohn HarveyMadison Harvey


 


View Details


Harvey Sarah


Moraga, CAAlviso, CACastella, CA
Sarah Harvey


 


View Details


Mark J HarveyAge 46

Mark J Waterhouse
Sanbornville, NHOssipee, NHBrooksville, FLRidgeway, VAFloral City, FLMartinsville, VALimestone, TN
Angela HalePaula WaterhouseMichael WaterhouseMelissa Waterhouse


 


View Details


Mark James HarveyAge 40

Mark M Harvey
Victorville, CAFort Campbell, KYClarksville, TNBarstow, CAFort Irwin, CAMinot AFB, NDWarrensburg, MO
Kevin HarveyKelley HarveyKelly Harvey


 


View Details


Mark Joseph HarveyAge 44


La Jolla, CAEncinitas, CACarlsbad, CADel Mar, CASan Diego, CAPoway, CAEl Cajon, CA
Erin HarveyAlex HarveyJane HarveyGina HarveyDonna Harvey


 


View Details


Mark R HarveyAge 51

Mark J Harvey
Dracut, MALowell, MADanville, NHPunta Gorda, FLNorth Port, FL
Jeanne HarveyRyan HarveySamantha HarveyMarc Harvey




 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact













 








Marc Harvey Beauty















































































 


























Sign in
Lost your password?










$0.000

Go to the shop















































BEAUTY INNOVATION + QUALITY SKINCARE + AMAZING COVERAGE
 What’s Your Exclusive Air ULTRA HD Shade ?  Click Video To Find Out












Discoloration/Textured Skin
View More 







 Vitiligo/Hyperpigmentation
View More 







Psoriasis/Sallow Skin
View More 







Birthmark
View More 







Acne/Redness
View More 









<
>












Discoloration/Textured Skin Jasmine uses:
Priming Mist
ULTRA HD Foundation
in S13/Coffee & BZ1/Bronzer to hightlight
PRO-LUX Hightlighting Shimmer :
Bitchin' Bronze on eyes and cheeks

 View More 







<
>












 Vitiligo/Hyperpigmentation Tyesha uses:
ULTRA HD Foundation
in S8/Hazelnut & S10/Tawny for more depth
on forehead, cheeks, chin and neck
PRO-LUX Hightlighting Shimmer :
Bitchin' Bronze on eyes and cheeks
 View More 







<
>












Psoriasis/Sallow Skin Heather uses:
Clarifying Moisture Fluid
ULTRA HD Foundation
in S1/Ivory
PRO-LUX Hightlighting Shimmer : 
Prissy Pink on eyes and cheeks
 View More 







<
>












Birthmark Alana uses:
Clarifying Moisture Fluid
ULTRA HD Foundation
in S8/Hazelnut (hightlight) & S10/Tawny (all over)
PRO-LUX Hightlighting Shimmer : 
Prissy Pink on eyes
 View More 







<
>












Acne/Redness Tara uses:
Priming Mist
ULTRA HD Foundation
in S4/Khaki
BZ1/Bronzer
 View More 


























































































Mark Harvey - Hugh James



















































029 2022 4871








A-Z services
Careers at Hugh James
Cymraeg
 

						Make enquiry
					




























Text

























Home » People » Mark Harvey 








Mark Harvey
Partner, Head of Harmful Products and Overseas Accidents Team

Harmful Products | Holiday accidents | Sport 



 


Email
mark.harvey@hughjames.com
Telephone
029 2039 1174
Department telephone
029 2039 1187





SummaryCareerTestimonialsNewsAdditional 



Mark Harvey is a Partner in the claimant division. He has obtained compensation for many individual victims of common but defective consumer products as well as victims of accidents overseas and arising out of travel generally.
Mark is the court appointed lead solicitor coordinating over 1,000 claimants in a group litigation order (GLO) arising out of the recall and health alert relating to the French manufacturer’s PIP silicone breast implants. He is also the lead solicitor in the Wright Medical Conserve metal on metal hip GLO as well as a member of the claimants’ steering committees in both the Pinnacle and Zimmer metal on metal hip GLOs. He is responsible for leading claims concerning various injuries and complaints from medical devices. He negotiated a settlement protocol for patients who alleged visual problems from their cataract remedial intraocular lenses as well as obtaining compensation for one individual who complained of a defective hip prosthesis, and another who suffered injury from a piece of aircraft furniture in a first class cabin. He is currently investigating new claims relating to hearing implants and two other cataract remedial intraocular lenses complaints.
Mark has represented victims in many travel disasters, including Zeebrugge, Clapham, P&O Lifeboat accident in Cherbourg, the Maidenhead rail fire and the Ufton Nervet rail crossing accident. He was a member of the Steering Committees for both the Southall and Ladbroke Grove rail crashes. He is currently representing the passengers and driver of the Edwards’ Coaches bus crash in Switzerland who are pursuing claims against the Swiss insurers of the lorry that caused the accident.
Mark successfully concluded claims on behalf of the foreign victims of an air accident concerning four separate countries and obtained Euro compensation for the foreign victims of an explosion at sea this time involving three separate countries and their jurisdictions. He is helping British citizens with accidents they sustained in various European and African countries as well as providing expert advice to and representation of clients of lawyers from overseas jurisdictions.
He represented the first professional rugby player to successfully sue another for an incident arising from an international rugby game when he represented Wales professional forward Ricky Evans in suing Oliver Merle of France following a France versus Wales rugby game. He negotiated substantial compensation for another first class rugby player who suffered a career ending injury after losing an eye in a rugby match. He continues to lecture extensively on sports related injuries as well as harmful products and overseas accident law.
Expertise

Disaster claims
Accidents abroad
Product liability
Professional negligence
Group action claims

 
Mark is former President of Cardiff & District Law Society, past member of the Civil Justice Council and is past secretary of the Association of Personal Injury Lawyers (APIL). He is also one of the two UK Governors of the American Association for Justice (AAJ); Co-Chair of their International Practice Section and a Fellow of APIL. Mark was recently accredited by APIL as accidents and illnesses abroad specialist and was appointed an assessor to the same scheme.
Memberships

Previous President of Cardiff & District Law Society  (2008-2009)
Previous member of Civil Justice Council
APIL (Fellow)
PEOPIL
American Association for Justice
Travel and Tourism Lawyers Association
Editorial board of Journal of Personal Injury Law
Editorial Board of Kemp and Kemp-Quantum of Law

 
 




Career history

Trained: Owen White, London
Qualified: 1990
Partner at Hugh James: 2001
Head of the Claimant Division: 2010 – 2017

Mark is former President of Cardiff & District Law Society; he has just completed his third and last term asa member of the Civil Justice Council and is past secretary of the Association of Personal Injury Lawyers (APIL). He is also one of the two UK Governors of the American Association for Justice (AAJ) and a Fellow of APIL.
Memberships

Previous President of Cardiff & District Law Society  (2008-2009)
Previous member of Civil Justice Council
APIL (Fellow)
PEOPIL
American Association for Justice
Travel and Tourism Lawyers Association
Editorial board of Journal of Personal Injury Law





Practice head Mark Harvey is recognised for his expert handling of claims arising from accidents abroad. His experience also includes acting for individuals who have suffered sports-related injuries, as well as handling high-value product liability claims.
Chambers UK 2017

Mark Harvey has particular expertise in product liability, accidents overseas and sports injuries. One interviewee describes him as “a real heavyweight and a force to contend with”
Chambers UK 2016

Once again I would like to thank you for your persistence in this claim and although it has taken some time at least there is now and end to it and I am no more at a financial loss, thank you.
Louise Tait, September 2016

Head of department Mark Harvey has particular expertise in product liability, accidents overseas and sports injuries. One interviewee describes him as “a real heavyweight and a force to contend with.”
Mark Harvey is a strong representative of claimants in major product liability disputes. Commentators describe him as “a highly experienced practitioner who you would want in your corner in the middle of difficult litigation.”
Chambers UK 2016

Cardiff’s Hugh James is ‘outstanding in getting to grips with complex issues’, and ‘excellent in terms of commitment and quality of service provided to clients’. It is the national court-appointed lead firm in the PIP breast implants group action, representing over 1,000 claimants and leading 100 other law firms. The PIP work is steered by ‘tactically very strong’ practice head Mark Harvey, who has a ‘wealth of knowledge and experience of managing major product liability litigation’. A number of other leading cases the firm has advised in include medical device claims involving fatalities, both group actions and unitary.
Legal 500 2015

Mark Harvey is a highly renowned claimant-side solicitor. Sources report that he is “very tenacious, very good with experts. He won’t give up without a fight – he’ll go to the bitter end.” Another source notes: “Nobody knows product liability more than him.”
Chambers UK 2014

Cardiff firm Hugh James joins the top tier in recognition of its proven capability in headline group actions. It is the lead firm in the PIP claims, acting for over 800 claimants and leading 200 law firms, and is representing several hundred claimants in the DePuy litigation. Mark Harvey is the court-appointed lead solicitor in the PIP claims, and heads a team highlighted for its ‘many outstanding qualities’
Legal 500 2013

Mark Harvey is highly experienced with claims resulting from injuries and fatalities abroad as well as cases involving harmful products. Peers say he is “a highly intelligent and committed lawyer with a wholly realistic view of the claims that are being brought forward.”
Chambers UK 2013







16 Mar 2017
										Mark Harvey makes PEEK implant claim on behalf of patient >


1 Nov 2016
										Stryker Hip Recall >


3 May 2016
										Mark Harvey has been named as an APIL accredited accidents and illnesses specialist. >


12 Apr 2016
										New guidelines released for cosmetic procedures >


4 Apr 2016
										Legal action against DePuy - European claimants urged to come forward >





Education

Gunnersbury RC School for Boys
Guildford College of Law

Languages

French

What do you love most about your job?
Helping David to fight Goliath, sometimes without even the benefit of a sling shot!
What do you like to do outside work?
Golf, skiing, wine appreciation




 
U Download vCard



Search people
Search our people






Name



Service

[please select]
Accidents
Accidents at work
Adult Social Services
Alcohol licensing
Asbestos lung cancer
Asbestos | mesothelioma
Asbestosis
Banking and finance
Bile duct injury
Birth injury
Brain damage
Brain injury
Brain injury events
BT Deafness
Cancer misdiagnosis
Cardiac Treatment
Cauda equina syndrome (CES)
Cerebral palsy
Child brain injury
Childcare
Coke oven workers compensation
Colorectal surgery
Commercial
Commercial dispute resolution
Commercial Property
Construction and projects
Contentious probate
Contested wills, trusts and estates
Contesting a will
Corporate and M&A
Corporate crime
Cosmetic treatment
Court of Protection Deputy
Criminal defence
Cycling accidents
Deeds of variation
Defamation
Deputyship and Attorney disputes and statutory wills
Dispute resolution
Divorce
Employment
Employment - individuals
Environmental compensation
Environmental group actions
Environmental nuisance
Family
Fatal Accidents
Financial mis-selling
Financial services for business
Flooding
Gall bladder removal
Gastro-intestinal
GP negligence 
Gynaecological negligence
Harmful Products
Health and safety
Holiday accidents
Hospital acquired infections
Hospital negligence
Housing management
HR consultancy and advice
Incorrect prescriptions
Independent Financial Advice
Industrial deafness
Insolvency
Insurance and corporate risk
Intellectual property
Lasting power of attorney
Licensing
Medical misdiagnosis
Medical negligence
Mesothelioma Compensation
Metal on metal hips
Mis-sold pensions
Misdiagnosis
Missed or misdiagnosed fractures
Motoring offences
NHS redress
Nursing care
Obstetric negligence
Occupational skin cancer
Ophthalmic eye negligence
Orthopedic tendon injury
Paediatric mismanagement
Pensions and employee benefits
Personal injury compensation
Personal tax advice
Phurnacite
Planning law
Pleural plaques
Pleural thickening
Pre-nuptials and living together
Professional negligence
Property dispute resolution
Real estate finance
Regulatory
Regulatory and corporate crime
Sexual abuse compensation
Spinal cord injury
Sport
Subrogated recovery
Surgical negligence
Trust disputes
Trusts
Volume services
Volume Wills, Probate and Trusts
Wills enquiry form
Wills, trusts and probate
Workplace disease & illness
Write a will



Sector

[please select]
Agriculture
Banking
Charities
Children
Construction
Elderly and Vulnerable Adults
Energy
Healthcare
Public sector and not for profit
Social housing
Wealth Management Services


Search


















                                    News, insight and events
                                















						The “Jersey Way” and the next steps for child protection following the Independent Jersey Care Inquiry					












						Taylor review – modern working practices and the impact of the “gig” economy					













						Advice on cladding issues					












						First look from the top of Two Central Square					










                            Latest Tweets                        



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    This week the Supreme Court ruled that employment tribunal fees are ‘unlawful’. Read more here: https://t.co/lzziH6wRXV                                    12 hours ago                                

                                        ow.ly/6s9730dYPjX                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    Do you know what to consider when appointing a guardian for your child in your will. Read more here: https://t.co/W30A24Woxb                                    16 hours ago                                

                                        ow.ly/cUpP30dM0KL                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    If you have an accident abroad, did you know it is a good idea to keep a diary? https://t.co/DRmR2SP5Ap https://t.co/pZW7qlk6PV                                    17 hours ago                                




                                        hughjames.com/accidents-abro…                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    The application deadline for our trainee contracts is 31 July! Apply here: https://t.co/wh06gxrlFN                                    1 day ago                                

                                        ow.ly/A9vL30dXlQk                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    Recently, 25 financial firms have been declared by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme as being in ‘default’ https://t.co/P54fntE4WB                                    2 days ago                                

                                        ow.ly/U7JM30dWUtu                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    RT @TrainingHJ: Many thanks! A great bunch of delegates as always @cardiffbusiness and so much discussion to close #BusyTimesAhead https://…                                    2 days ago                                



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    UCIS’s are not suitable for the “general public” or retail clients. Read mere here: https://t.co/4sM5ddeCys                                    2 days ago                                

                                        ow.ly/Ufef30dWUln                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    Our Partner, Emma Burns will be on @BBCRadioWales at 18:15 tonight, talking about the Supreme Court’s ruling on… https://t.co/nyY5rMESI2                                    2 days ago                                

                                        twitter.com/i/web/status/8…                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    RT @cardiffbusiness: Helen Iles @HughJamesLegal will be here tomorrow for our #ExecEd #BreakfastBriefing on #GDPR. Watch live from 8.15am h…                                    2 days ago                                



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    Serving a civil injunction on evasive defendants. Read the article here: https://t.co/VcMwAFwKfn                                    2 days ago                                

                                        ow.ly/euoT30dVGNQ                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    Finishing off our day @royalwelshshow with a sponsors afternoon tea @clawales https://t.co/vJaAklXNhC                                    3 days ago                                






                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    The Supreme Court has ruled employment tribunal fees are unlawful. Read more here: https://t.co/3zdblEvsDi #ETfees                                    3 days ago                                

                                        ow.ly/hdGs30dVhoH                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    RT @CorpFin_Pixie: Frank & interesting exchange of views in the @clawales tent for the @HughJamesLegal round table on #farming https://t.co…                                    3 days ago                                



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    Our final roundtable lunch is underway @royalwelshshow discussing the limitations of traditional farming models in… https://t.co/FRlRZJDl1P                                    3 days ago                                

                                        twitter.com/i/web/status/8…                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    Brilliant stand @PrincesGateUK @MamboDrinks looking forward to catching up later over coffee and cake @clawales pav… https://t.co/Uo7dpmxZQX                                    3 days ago                                

                                        twitter.com/i/web/status/8…                                    





                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    This week the Supreme Court ruled that employment tribunal fees are ‘unlawful’. Read more here: https://t.co/lzziH6wRXV                                    12 hours ago                                

                                        ow.ly/6s9730dYPjX                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    Do you know what to consider when appointing a guardian for your child in your will. Read more here: https://t.co/W30A24Woxb                                    16 hours ago                                

                                        ow.ly/cUpP30dM0KL                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    If you have an accident abroad, did you know it is a good idea to keep a diary? https://t.co/DRmR2SP5Ap https://t.co/pZW7qlk6PV                                    17 hours ago                                




                                        hughjames.com/accidents-abro…                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    The application deadline for our trainee contracts is 31 July! Apply here: https://t.co/wh06gxrlFN                                    1 day ago                                

                                        ow.ly/A9vL30dXlQk                                    



                                    @HughJamesLegal                                

                                    Recently, 25 financial firms have been declared by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme as being in ‘default’ https://t.co/P54fntE4WB                                    2 days ago                                

                                        ow.ly/U7JM30dWUtu                                    




                                Follow @HughJamesLegal                            

















                                Navigation
                            

Home
Vacancies
About us
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Legal notices
Cookie policy
Involegal
 







                                Our Offices
                            


                                    Cardiff
                                    Hodge House
                                    114 - 116 St. Mary Street
                                    Cardiff, CF10 1DY
Tel: 029 2022 4871
                                    Fax: 029 2038 8222
                                





                                    London
                                    Temple Chambers
                                    3-7 Temple Avenue
                                    London, EC4Y 0DA
Tel: 020 7936 3453
                                    Fax: 020 3053 8562
                                










                                                                    Make an enquiry                                                            







Email





Name *



Tel *




Email *



Enquiry *


Send message


















































        Hugh James is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority (SRA Number:303202) and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority
    



Your JavaScript appears to be disabled
Please enable your JavaScript for an optimal viewing experience













Make an enquiry







Email





Name *



Tel *




Email *



Enquiry *


Send message

×





















