






Harwood Advisory Group LLC Has $378,000 Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Illinois Tool Works Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



CMS Energy Corporation (CMS) Releases  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.06 EPS					

Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Hits Estimates					

NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance					

Canon, Inc. (NYSE:CAJ) Announces  Earnings Results					

$6.04 Billion in Sales Expected for Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) This Quarter					

State Auto Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:STFC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages					

Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Cardtronics PLC (CATM) Will Announce Earnings of $0.64 Per Share					

Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) Given a $274.00 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein					

American Vanguard Corporation (AVD) Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub					

D/B/A Chubb Limited New (NYSE:CB) Price Target Increased to $160.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.					

Boeing Company (The) (BA) PT Raised to $280.00 at Deutsche Bank AG					

Ardmore Shipping Corporation (NYSE:ASC) Downgraded to Sell at BidaskClub					

Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA (BUD) Given a $111.00 Price Target by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Analysts					

Franklin Resources, Inc. (NYSE:BEN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”					

CHC Group (HELI) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.21					

Penn Virginia (PVA) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Report Finds					

FalconStor Software (NASDAQ:FALC) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows					

MINDBODY, Inc. (NASDAQ:MB) Receives “Hold” Rating from KeyCorp					

Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Hochtief Ag (HOT) a €134.00 Price Target					

United-Guardian, Inc. (NASDAQ:UG) Upgraded to Hold at ValuEngine					





 





						Harwood Advisory Group LLC Has $378,000 Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW)					

						 July 17th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Harwood Advisory Group LLC continued to hold its position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 2,638 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Harwood Advisory Group LLC’s holdings in Illinois Tool Works were worth $378,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. FCM Investments TX bought a new position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works during the first quarter valued at about $106,000.  MCF Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 32.0% in the first quarter. MCF Advisors LLC now owns 825 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter.  TrimTabs Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 88.3% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 887 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 416 shares during the last quarter.  FNY Partners Fund LP bought a new position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works during the first quarter valued at about $132,000.  Finally, Hudock Capital Group LLC boosted its position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 0.6% in the first quarter. Hudock Capital Group LLC now owns 1,054 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $139,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the last quarter. 75.47% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
Shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) traded up 0.28% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $146.11. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 581,954 shares. The company has a market cap of $50.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.54 and a beta of 1.12. Illinois Tool Works Inc. has a 52-week low of $109.86 and a 52-week high of $150.29. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $142.60 and its 200 day moving average price is $133.40. 




Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The industrial products company reported $1.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.45 by $0.09. The firm had revenue of $3.47 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.40 billion. Illinois Tool Works had a return on equity of 45.02% and a net margin of 15.24%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.29 EPS.  Equities analysts forecast that  Illinois Tool Works Inc. will post $6.36 EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 12th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th were paid a $0.65 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.78%. Illinois Tool Works’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 43.70%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally  posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/17/harwood-advisory-group-llc-has-378000-position-in-illinois-tool-works-inc-itw.html. 
ITW has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Illinois Tool Works from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $148.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $155.00 target price (up previously from $145.00) on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Citigroup Inc. lifted their target price on Illinois Tool Works from $143.00 to $161.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $145.00 target price on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, Argus lifted their target price on Illinois Tool Works from $145.00 to $160.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $148.69.
In other news, insider John R. Hartnett sold 11,750 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $144.96, for a total value of $1,703,280.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 23,839 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,455,701.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Michael R. Zimmerman sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $140.00, for a total value of $700,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 7,626 shares in the company, valued at $1,067,640. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 220,850 shares of company stock worth $30,945,971. Company insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
About Illinois Tool Works
Illinois Tool Works Inc is a manufacturer of industrial products and equipment. The Company operates through seven segments. The Automotive OEM segment produces components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. The Food Equipment segment offers commercial food equipment. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produces test and measurement, and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) solutions.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ITW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW).






Receive News & Ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 


﻿
































Comparing Smart Sand (SND) & Martin Marietta Materials (NYSE:MLM) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Smart Sand Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Smart Sand Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

O2Micro International Limited (NASDAQ:OIIM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows
W. Scott Brandon Sells 6,557 Shares of Carolina Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:CARO) Stock
Insider Selling: Syros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:SYRS) Insider Sells 12,500 Shares of Stock
Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Insider Daniel Kerzner Sells 18,500 Shares
Dragon-Ukrainian Properties & Dev. Plc (LON:DUPD) Insider Tomas Fiala Buys 58,175 Shares
Cineworld Group plc (CINE) PT Raised to GBX 800
Comparing Smart Sand (SND) & Martin Marietta Materials (NYSE:MLM)
Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Fastenal (FAST)
Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Royal Caribbean Cruises (RCL)
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes
Floor & Decor Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:FND) CEO Sells $5,939,087.00 in Stock
Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB)
Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Nuance Communications (NUAN)
Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Nuance Communications (NUAN)
Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB)
Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Verizon Communications (VZ)
Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Fastenal (FAST)
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes
Financial Review: Cascade Microtech (CSCD) versus Cognex Corporation (CGNX)
CoreSite Realty Corporation’s (COR) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC




 


Comparing Smart Sand (SND) & Martin Marietta Materials (NYSE:MLM)

					Posted by Michael Walen on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 




Smart Sand (NYSE: SND) and Martin Marietta Materials (NYSE:MLM) are both basic materials companies, but which is the better business? We will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their risk, valuation, profitabiliy, earnings, analyst recommendations, institutional ownership and dividends. 
Insider and Institutional Ownership


 Get Smart Sand Inc alerts:



96.7% of Martin Marietta Materials shares are owned by institutional investors. 8.5% of Martin Marietta Materials shares are owned by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, endowments and large money managers believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.




Dividends
Martin Marietta Materials pays an annual dividend of $1.68 per share and has a dividend yield of 0.7%. Smart Sand does not pay a dividend. Martin Marietta Materials pays out 25.4% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. 
Earnings and Valuation
This table compares Smart Sand and Martin Marietta Materials’ revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Smart Sand
$73.93 million
3.48
$25.65 million
N/A
N/A


Martin Marietta Materials
$3.63 billion
3.90
$947.48 million
$6.61
34.15


Martin Marietta Materials has higher revenue and earnings than Smart Sand. 
Profitability
This table compares Smart Sand and Martin Marietta Materials’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Smart Sand
3.87%
2.51%
2.08%


Martin Marietta Materials
10.91%
10.32%
5.77%


Analyst Ratings
This is a breakdown of current recommendations for Smart Sand and Martin Marietta Materials, as provided by MarketBeat. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Smart Sand
0
3
7
0
2.70


Martin Marietta Materials
0
5
4
0
2.44


Smart Sand presently has a consensus target price of $15.53, indicating a potential upside of 143.38%. Martin Marietta Materials has a consensus target price of $229.67, indicating a potential upside of 1.73%. Given Smart Sand’s stronger consensus rating and  higher probable upside, analysts plainly believe Smart Sand is more favorable than Martin Marietta Materials.
Summary
Martin Marietta Materials beats Smart Sand on 10 of the 14 factors compared between the two stocks.
About Smart Sand
Smart Sand, Inc. is a producer of Northern White raw frac sand, which is a proppant used to enhance hydrocarbon recovery rates in the hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells. The Company sells its products primarily to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and oilfield service companies under a combination of long-term take-or-pay contracts and spot sales in the open market. It owns and operates a raw frac sand mine and related processing facility near Oakdale, Wisconsin. In addition to the Oakdale facility, it owns a second property in Jackson County, Wisconsin, known as Hixton site. Its sand reserves include a balanced concentration of coarse (20/40, 30/50 and 40/70 gradation) sands and fine (60/140 gradation) sand. Its reserves contain deposits of approximately 20% of 20/40 and coarser substrate, over 40% of 40/70 mesh substrate and approximately 40% of 100-mesh substrate. Its 30/50 gradation is a derivative of the 20/40 and 40/70 blends.
About Martin Marietta Materials
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. is a supplier of aggregates products (crushed stone, sand, and gravel) used for the construction of infrastructure, nonresidential, and residential projects. Aggregates products are also used for railroad ballast and in agricultural, utility and environmental applications. The Company’s Aggregates business operates through three segments: the Mid-America Group, Southeast Group and West Group. The Company’s business is categorized into Aggregates Business, Cement Business and Magnesia Specialties Business. Its Cement business is reported through the Cement segment. Its Magnesia Specialties business manufactures and markets magnesia-based chemical products used in industrial, agricultural, and environmental applications, and dolomitic lime sold to customers in the steel industry. Its Cement business produces Portland and specialty cements. It manufactures and markets, through its Magnesia Specialties business, magnesia-based chemical products.






Receive News & Ratings for Smart Sand Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smart Sand Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website





































































 




Harwood Advisory Group LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























harwood advisory group llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Harwood Advisory Group, LLC operates as a wealth management firm. The Company offers investment advisory, retirement and estate planning, tax management, and account consolidation services. Harwood Advisory Group serves investors in the State of Florida.




Corporate Information
Address:

1940 East Bay Drive
Largo, FL 33771
United States


Phone:
1-727-524-1427


Fax:
1-727-524-1837


Web url:
www.harwoodfinancialgroup.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Robert Barry Harwood


Chief Compliance Ofcr/Mng Member







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Your Harwood Team | Believe in Better 











































 

























					Your Team			





It is our people, the team we have assembled, that allows us to stand out from our peers. From the moment you walk in our door, you will experience what we affectionately call The Harwood Way, a culture of always treating people with respect, listening and always working in our clients' best interests. The Harwood Way is a culture of hard work, knowledge, structure, and of believing in better and striving to achieve it.
 We have the expertise, investment products, and reach of many of the large "wall-street" firms, yet we provide our services on a very personal level. Not all firms are created equal. When you visit with us and experience the Harwood Way, you will never settle for anything less.
I am so confident of the Harwood Difference that I offer the Harwood Guarantee. If for any reason during your first year with our firm you are not happy with the services you receive, I will refund 100% of any fees you may have paid to my firm for our services.
 





ROBERT HARWOODFounder, President

Read more 

PAIGE GUNNPortfolio Manager, Investment Advisor

Read more 

KEVIN ARQUETTEFinancial Advisor, CFP™
	



Read more 

KEVIN HARWOODFinancial Advisor

Read more 

MIKE ERMANPortfolio Manager, CFA

Read more 

LIZ LEESEBERGRelationship & Compliance Manager

Read more 

MATT GAMACHEClient Service Specialist

Read more 

TERA WELCHClient Relations Manager

Read more 

ARIELLE COLLINSClient Relations Specialist

Read more 

RYAN DIXONFinancial Advisor

Read more 

STEPHANIE WIDJAJAPublic Relations

Read more 

LESLIE HUSARENKOClient Services

Read more 






  














Investment Advisory Services offered through Harwood Advisory Group, a SEC Registered Investment Advisor. Insurance products and services are offered through the Harwood Insurance Group. Harwood Advisory Group and Harwood Insurance Group do business collectively as Harwood Financial Group, DBA. The aforementioned are affiliated companies.
   Legal Documents
Copyright © 2014 Harwood Financial Group. All rights reserved.















Harwood Financial Group | Wealth & Financial Planners
























































 































































 


 













Always Seeking
 












  a better
Approach







a better
Method







a better
Answer







a better
 Result






 

…to the financial challenges and objectives of the people we serve.TOTAL ALIGNMENT. NO EXCUSES.













Watch our video to learn more






CPR like the medical process can be a life safer only this time it’s for your portfolio.
During our Complimentary Planning Review we’ll answer any questions, even the hard ones.
 Request CPR




Robert In The Media
In addition to hosting a financial radio program on 970 am WFLA with Todd Schnitt of the nationally syndicated Schnitt Show, he has also appeared on CNBC, ABC, CBS and WTOG 44.
 Watch Video or Listen to Podcasts








 
 
 


Investing for Retirement Book


“INVESTING FOR RETIREMENT”by Robert Harwood
Read More




The Harwood Guarantee


We believe every investor deserves accountability.
Find out more



 


Sign up for Quarterly Newsletter


Get Started







Wealth Library
Key financial insights from around the country and around the globe.
Learn More





 

Blog Articles






Positively Tampa Bay ShowPositively Tampa Bay: Harwood Financial Group
 

The MarketsTHE LATEST ON THE GLOBAL MARKET
Newton's... 

5 Critical Retirement Investing Mistakes…You might not be able to... 

Do my Children Need to Know About my Fin…I get asked this question a... 


























Investment Advisory Services offered through Harwood Advisory Group, a SEC Registered Investment Advisor. Insurance products and services are offered through the Harwood Insurance Group. Harwood Advisory Group and Harwood Insurance Group do business collectively as Harwood Financial Group, DBA. The aforementioned are affiliated companies.
   Legal Documents
Copyright © 2014 Harwood Financial Group. All rights reserved.













Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Shares Bought by Harwood Advisory Group LLC




























emfizz.com July 29, 2017

































Main


Business


Entertaiment


Electronics


Research


Sport


Worldwide


Medical


Local












TOP


Penn National Gaming, Inc
AltspaceVR lays off staff as social VR platform readies for closure
The US has created a 360-horsepower electric SUV
Live eSports arrives on BBC Three with racing, gunning and punching action
Astronomers have potentially discovered first "exomoon"




 

 


Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Shares Bought by Harwood Advisory Group LLC






21 July 2017, 08:32 | Bernard Bryant


Stock Buzz: Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL)
 


About shares traded. Platform Specialty Products Corp (NYSE:PAH) has risen 48.23% since July 20, 2016 and is uptrending.Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened its previous trading session at $149.2 later Inclining 0.35% to close its trade at a share price of $150.08. It has outperformed by 45.78% the S&P500. After having $-0.43 EPS previously, Autodesk, Inc.'s analysts see -13.95% EPS growth. Another trade for 2,649 shares valued at $339,204 was made by KONDO CHRIS on Thursday, February 2. Autodesk, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADSK) has risen 91.08% since July 20, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 36.17% the S&P500.Investors sentiment decreased to 1.09 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.03, from 0.82 in 2016Q3. Balasa Dinverno & Foltz Llc invested in 0.21% or 82,972 shares. 58 funds opened positions while 132 raised stakes. It also upped Vanguard Tax Managed Intl Fd (VEA) stake by 17,430 shares and now owns 215,759 shares. Parkwood Limited Liability Company owns 0.04% invested in Morningstar, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADSK) for 33,808 shares. Glg Partners LP has invested 0.06% in Apple Inc. Brown Brothers Harriman And, New York-based fund reported 196 shares. (NASDAQ:AAPL) on Tuesday, May 16. Arrowpoint Asset Mgmt Ltd Liability Corp reported 147,923 shares. Moreover, Barrett Asset Mgmt Limited Liability Company has 2.29% invested in Apple Inc. Wells Fargo & Co Mn holds 436,966 shares or 0% of its portfolio. Strategic Wealth Grp Lc owns 301,410 shares. (NASDAQ:ADSK). 11,880 were accumulated by Norinchukin State Bank The. Focused Wealth reported 18,500 shares.Autodesk, Inc.is a design software and services company, offering clients productive business solutions through technology services and products. The stock has a market capitalization of $782.49 billion, a PE ratio of 17.61 and a beta of 1.31.The Manitowoc Company, Inc.is a provider of engineered lifting equipment for the construction industry. It now has negative earnings. (NASDAQ:ADSK) was sold by Anagnost Andrew. The company was maintained on Monday, August 31 by Piper Jaffray. SEWELL D BRUCE sold $10.04M worth of stock. Colonial Trust Advisors sold 3,765 shares as the company's stock rose 12.78% with the market. It turned negative, as 90 investors sold AAPL shares while 975 reduced holdings. The insider Blum Steven M sold $832,149. The firm has "Buy" rating by Macquarie Research given on Tuesday, June 6. Therefore 67% are positive. The stock has "Neutral" rating by Wedbush on Wednesday, November 30. The stock of Autodesk, Inc. The rating was maintained by TD Securities on Friday, August 7 with "Hold". The firm has "Buy" rating given on Friday, August 7 by Morgan Stanley.In the past 5 years, the stock showed growth of 11.36% per annum.Since January 20, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 27 selling transactions for $153.58 million activity.
US Senate vote set for next week on Obamacare repeal
					A GOP senator who dodged reporters after helping tank the Senate health bill had to face the music Wednesday at the White House. Along with opposition from a third GOP senator, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, that was enough to kill the legislation.
					
Under attack for agri distress, now Govt says Congress instigated Mandsaur violence
					He observed that since agriculture is a vast area, results are visible only over a period of time. This is published unedited from the PTI feed .
					
Shares Trading unchanged at $154.00 (IBM) Report: IBM Global Business Services…
					International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, July 18th. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc increased Apple Inc (AAPL) stake by 348% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing.
					Several analysts have released their opinion on Apple Inc. The insider Srouji Johny sold $1.53 million. Riccio Daniel J. sold $1.86 million worth of Apple Inc.In other Apple news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the company's stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was sold by Maestri Luca on Wednesday, March 15. Mizuho maintained Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) on Wednesday, February 1. (NASDAQ:AAPL) news were published by: Investorplace.com which released: "Tuesday's Vital Data: Apple Inc". $3.64M worth of Apple Inc. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Apple Inc. will post $8.91 EPS for the current year.Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) shows a Forward Annual Dividend Rate of $2.28 and Trailing Annual Dividend Yield of 1.52% according to MorningStar Inc. Therefore 50% are positive. Vanguard Group Inc owns $51.42 billion in Apple Inc., which represents roughly 6.56% of the company's market cap and approximately 10.59% of the institutional ownership. The company was initiated on Wednesday, October 14 by Barclays Capital. Streetinsider.com's news article titled: "Form 8-K Trinseo SA For: Jun 21" with publication date: June 22, 2017 was also an interesting one. (NASDAQ:AAPL) for 11,392 shares. The stock of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rating on Friday, September 11. Credit Suisse has "Outperform" rating and $150 target. On Friday, September 11 the stock rating was maintained by Canaccord Genuity with "Buy". Kamunting Street Capital Management Lp who had been investing in Platform Specialty Prods Cor for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $3.68B market cap company. The firm has "Buy" rating given on Friday, September 16 by CLSA.Analysts await HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) to report earnings on August, 23. Earnings, with 38 analysts believing the company would generate an Average Estimate of $1.57. They expect $0.42 earnings per share, down 12.50% or $0.06 from last year's $0.48 per share. AAPL's profit will be $8.16 billion for 24.22 P/E if the $1.56 EPS becomes a reality. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08.Apple earned a media sentiment score of 0.04 on Accern's scale. Its down 0.03, from 0.82 in 2016Q3.Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Tctc Holdg Lc holds 1.02% of its portfolio in Apple Inc. Winslow Evans And Crocker stated it has 0% of its portfolio in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) for 35,828 shares. Lbmc Advsrs Limited Co reported 0.12% stake. Moreover, Btr Mngmt has 3.67% invested in Apple Inc. Fifth Third Bank & Trust invested in 2.1% or 2.25 million shares. Panagora Asset Mngmt invested 0% in Morningstar, Inc. The original version of this article can be read at https://baseballnewssource.com/markets/adams-asset-advisors-llc-acquires-5700-shares-of-apple-inc-nasdaqaapl/1235807.html. (NASDAQ:AAPL) for 63,332 shares. Comm Bancorporation holds 1.81% in Apple Inc. Pub Sector Pension Investment Board accumulated 0.19% or 754,280 shares. PiperJaffray maintained Apple Inc.Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.








Other News

IL  man charged with Chinese scholar kidnapping to plead not guilty

UAE minister denies any hacking of Qatar

Analysts Weigh in on Banco Bradesco Sa (BBD)

Sessions shrugs off Trump's criticism, says will continue as Attorney General

What Enhanced Airport Security Measures Mean for You

Trump expected to make Scaramucci communications director

OJ Simpson could be released from prison TODAY

What Happens to Health Care in California If Obamacare Stays In Place?

United Rentals, Inc. (URI)

Main Event Final Table Gets Started Thursday

'Take cover now': Weather service warns of tornado in Western New York

US Attorney Sessions shrugs off Trump jibe

Robert Mueller is broadening Russian Federation  investigation to include Trump's business transactions

Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC) Upgraded to Buy at BidaskClub

Visa (V) Q3 Earnings Soar Past Estimates, Shares Higher












 

Trending Now




Almost  half of liberals say friend supporting Trump would hurt friendship

The division is narrower than in the past, further indicating no outsize impact of Trump's unpopularity at this point. The survey also showed that more Republicans said they plan to vote in the next election.

Earnings at the Forefront For General Electric Company

A rating of less than 2 means buy, "hold" within the 3 range, "sell" within the 4 range, and "strong sell" within the 5 range. It is negative, as 68 investors sold GE shares while 818 reduced holdings. 41 funds opened positions while 80 raised stakes.

Twins to acquire P Garcia from Braves

Garcia had spent the first eight seasons of his career with the Cardinals after making his major league debut with them in 2008.  The Twins are "close" to adding Braves starter Jaime Garcia in a trade, according to a report from Ken Rosenthal on Twitter.

Protesters gather for Speaker Ryan at MA  stop

Ryan said Republicans are working to eliminate tax exemptions, deductions and credits and use the revenue to lower tax rates. Hoke said Lawrence is among the cities that would be the most affected by Republican health-care and immigration policies.

Here's Why 'RHONY' Star Luann de Lesseps' Marriage Is Concerning Fans

I don't let it ruin the reality of my life - which is the husband that I have, the children and my life.  Luann addressed these concerns as well. "End of story", she told PEOPLE on Tuesday.

Nine Inch Nails have dropped another new track, 'Add Violence'

During the concert , the band also covered David Bowie's " I Can't Give Everything Away " from his final album Blackstar . The only real difference is the remix just has Bowie's vocals, while the live performance is both Trent Reznor and Bowie.

Betsy DeVos vs. the American Federation of Teachers union, a Twitter battle

The 20 AGs told DeVos not to make any changes to Title IX without meeting with more people affected by the policies.  DeVos hinted that she'd be rolling back Title IX protections furthered by the Obama administration.

Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Expected to Announce Earnings of $3.10 Per Share

Equities research analysts forecast that Lockheed Martin Corporation will post $12.62 earnings per share for the current year. During the past six months, Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT)'s stock has been 14.41% and 12.25% for the last 12 months.

Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) Position Cut by Janus Capital Management LLC

Heritage Investors Management Corp acquired 6,422 shares as Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW)'s stock declined 24.72%. Diversified Trust Co boosted its position in shares of Palo Alto Networks by 7.6% in the second quarter.

Teens filmed, mocked and laughed while man slowly drowned

As Dunn fights to stay alive, the teens mercilessly taunt him. "There was no remorse, only a smirk", she said. It was not until three days later that his body was discovered, according to Florida Today .






Dont Miss





Increases Stake in Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:FOLD)






Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD) Receives $5.08 Consensus Price Target from Analysts






The Clean Yield Group Has $258000 Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)






Andrew Wiggins working on a five-year extension with Minnesota






Adviser Investments LLC Acquires Shares of 25628 Chevron Corporation (CVX)






Former top RB recruit BJ Emmons to leave Alabama






Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) Position Increased by Bath Savings Trust Co






Martinez hurts hand, Diamondbacks fall to Reds 4-3 in 11






Trump legal team looking to investigate Mueller aides






Online voters name new Swedish train 'Trainy McTrainface'






Morgan Stanley Upgrades Rating On Nike, Inc. (NKE) To "Overweight"






Tata Motors roll out first batch of 5-seater SUV Nexon






Rocko Preferred Modern Life When It Was Less Modern






DDR Corp. (DDR) Director Purchases 59000 Shares of Stock






Sears Holdings Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for SHLD























 







About Company

Job Openings
Site Map













© emfizz.com | All Rights Reserved.



 





Pepsico, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) Shares Bought by Harwood Advisory Group LLC













Сontactos











 Home
/ Negocios
/ Pepsico, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) Shares Bought by Harwood Advisory Group LLC 



Pepsico, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) Shares Bought by Harwood Advisory Group LLC

Rai Favela |
Sábado, Julio 22, 2017







Boston Partners Has Raised Pepsico (PEP) Stake; Pine River Capital Management LP Has Increased Dish Network (DISH) Position By $3.98 Million
The original version of this story can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/22/fisher-asset-management-llc-acquires-50154-shares-of-pepsico-inc-nysepep-updated.html. The company reported $1.50 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks' consensus estimate of $1.40 by $0.10. The stock has a market capitalization of $164.66 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.46 and a beta of 0.67. $220,444 worth of stock was sold by Sankaran Vivek on Wednesday, March 1. RLOG's SI was 197,200 shares in July as released by FINRA. It has outperformed by 26.42% the S&P500. Gierl Augustine Investment Management Inc boosted its position in Pepsico by 0.8% in the first quarter. Alpha Cubed Invests Ltd Company owns 0.22% invested in General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) for 25,973 shares. Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) has made its way to a 12-month gain of 6.05%. The stock declined 0.06% or $0.04 reaching $65.05 on the news. About shares traded. PepsiCo, Inc. It is down 12.20% since July 21, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 43.75% the S&P500. The rating was initiated by Macquarie Research with "Outperform" on Thursday, December 1.Since February 17, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 9 insider sales for $32.14 million activity. Shares for $337,775 were sold by TRUDELL CYNTHIA. (NYSE:PEP) on Tuesday, February 28. The insider Sims Michael sold $163,415.
Several research analysts have recently commented on the company. -1.36% (High), 18.41%, (Low).The company's consensus rating on Reuter's scale remained unchanged from 3 to 3 during a month. Packaging Corporation of America had 38 analyst reports since July 23, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The rating was upgraded by Susquehanna to "Positive" on Wednesday, April 12. BidaskClub lowered shares of Pepsico from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating in a research note on Saturday, July 1st. Barclays Capital upgraded the shares of PKG in report on Friday, January 8 to "Overweight" rating. The firm earned "Buy" rating on Wednesday, October 7 by UBS. The company was maintained on Thursday, June 22 by Jefferies.Investors sentiment decreased to 0.76 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.06, from 1.14 in 2016Q3. It turned negative, as 73 investors sold GM shares while 302 reduced holdings. 42 funds opened positions while 75 raised stakes. Nordea Invest Ab reported 2.39 million shares. Two Sigma Securities Llc, a New York-based fund reported 10,259 shares. Stockholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be given a $0.805 dividend. American Century holds 102,893 shares. Clark Cap Grp Inc accumulated 121,216 shares. Prudential holds 92,500 shares. (NYSE:PEP). Mechanics Savings Bank Department holds 34,211 shares. Canada Pension Plan Board holds 213,700 shares. New Jersey-based Brave Asset Mngmt has invested 0.97% in General Motors Company (NYSE:GM). Vigilant Capital Ltd Com reported 88,101 shares. UMB Bank N A MO raised its stake in shares of Pepsico by 3.3% in the first quarter. Ghp Investment Advsr reported 36,169 shares or 0.71% of all its holdings.Karpus Management Inc. holds 0.46% of its portfolio in Voya Infrastructure Industrls & Mtrls Fd for 614,797 shares. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.35 earnings per share. LPX's profit will be $89.02M for 10.28 P/E if the $0.61 EPS becomes a reality.Bank Of Montreal increased General Mtrs Co (GM) stake by 1.08% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing.Clinton Group Inc decreased Pepsico Inc (PEP) stake by 67.54% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Kempen Capital Mgmt Nv owns 2.47% invested in General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) for 567,980 shares. Boston Partners acquired 316,734 shares as Pepsico Inc (PEP)'s stock rose 5.12%. Therefore 50% are positive. General Motors Company had 52 analyst reports since July 24, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Stifel Nicolaus maintained it with "Buy" rating and $106 target in Wednesday, October 7 report. Pepsico Inc now has $165.03 billion valuation. On Friday, February 17 the insider Johnston Hugh F sold $21.03 million. The rating was initiated by Berenberg on Tuesday, November 22 with "Buy". Goldman Sachs maintained the shares of PEP in report on Tuesday, April 19 with "Neutral" rating. Jefferies maintained PepsiCo, Inc. Thompson Rubinstein Inv Or invested 2.18% in PepsiCo, Inc. The firm has "In-Line" rating given on Friday, March 31 by Evercore. JP Morgan maintained General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) on Tuesday, April 19 with "Overweight" rating.More notable recent PepsiCo, Inc. It also upped Cf Industries Holdings Inc (NYSE:CF) stake by 10,318 shares and now owns 22,849 shares. "On Tuesday" on July 08, 2017. (NYSE:PEP) has risen 12.20% since July 21, 2016 and is uptrending.Investors sentiment increased to 0.97 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.18, from 0.79 in 2016Q3. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 70.40% of the company's stock. 61 funds opened positions while 125 raised stakes. 967.70 million shares or 0.34% more from 964.42 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Jfs Wealth Advisors Limited Liability Com holds 4,622 shares. 46,300 were reported by Ig Investment Mngmt Limited. Teacher Retirement Of Texas invested 0.85% in PepsiCo, Inc. Cigna Investments Inc. New bought a new stake in shares of Pepsico during the fourth quarter valued at $7,843,000. (NYSE:PEP). Wg Shaheen & Associate Dba Whitney & holds 0.19% or 4,762 shares. The Netherlands-based Delta Lloyd Nv has invested 1.65% in PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Meiji Yasuda Asset Mgmt Company has invested 1.17% of its portfolio in PepsiCo, Inc. Yorktown Mngmt Company owns 2,200 shares for 0.06% of their portfolio. Comerica Bank & Trust holds 0.1% or 142,599 shares in its portfolio. Wells Fargo Mn reported 646,302 shares. Raymond James & Assoc owns 508,062 shares or 0.05% of their USA portfolio. 153,000 are held by Capital Ww Invsts. Henderson Group Plc has 0.01% invested in Nasdaq Inc (NASDAQ:NDAQ). Moreover, Fifth Third Bankshares has 0.89% invested in PepsiCo, Inc.




Latest News
 

Inc. Maintains Stake in Suncor Energy Inc. (NYSE:SU)



SL Green Realty Corporation (SLG) PT Lowered to $125.00 at Citigroup Inc



Peso mexicano cierra con baja de 0.53% en 17.79



Awesome Oscillator Trending Downward For PSL Holdings Ltd



Este es el nuevo artefacto en el que transportan cocaína



Time Warner's (TWX) "Hold" Recommendation Reiterated at Royal Bank Of Canada



Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub



Russian accused of laundering $5b in Bitcoin



Credit Suisse Group Reiterates "Sell" Rating for Boeing Company (The) (BA)



Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Position Raised by CENTRAL TRUST Co



NY Lowers Position in Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS)



Franklin Resources, Inc. Setting The Table For Earnings



Lululemon athletica inc. (LULU) Upgraded to "Buy" by Zacks Investment Research



Trend Analysis Report: Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK)











Viernes, Julio 28, 2017  





Popular news



Advisory Board Co Sentiment Improves on Better Stock Potential 
				The Advisory Board Company (NASDAQ:ABCO) shares were trading higher by 0.18 percent ($0.1) at $56.9 a piece in Thursday's session. Tiaa Cref Inv Management Limited Liability holds 119,190 shares or 0% of its portfolio. 60,600 are owned by Royal Bank Of Canada.


'Marvel's The Punisher' Footage Description From Comic-Con 
				As the SDCC footage showed, The Punisher has only become more unsafe since we last saw him on Netflix.  In case you're not totally familiar with The Punisher , the character is actually named Frank Castle .


Linkin Park's Chester Bennington's 'Rolling in the Deep' cover is everything! 
				The song starts out this way: "Tell me what I've gotta do/There's no getting through to you/The lights are on but nobody's home".  The songster is said to have alcohol and drug issues that he has been struggling to deal with for years now.


Middle-earth: Shadow of War Reveals Shelob in Spectacular New Trailer 
				Monolith Productions and Warner Bros. have confirmed that the ancient spider Shelob will be in Middle-Earth: Shadow of War . Incidentally, during the panel we also learned that The Walking Dead star Pollyanna McIntosh will play Shelob in the game.


Halle Berry se da sendo trago de whisky en el Comic-Con 
				Hasta el domingo, se esperan unos 135.000 asistentes entre fanáticos, actores, productores y blogueros.  Y la ganadora del Óscar por "Monster's Ball", de 50 años, se levantó y se lo bebió de un solo trago.


The Open 2017: Ian Poulter makes dynamic comeback after hard  18 months 
				He immediately went out and finished in a tie for second at The Players Championship . "I'm really pretty exhausted ". The plugs didn't work and he was up at 3am tending to his six-month old son - but everything else went to plan.


Goodbye, Sean Spicer: Here are his greatest hits 
				Spicer says of Scaramucci's hiring: "It'll be great, he's a tough guy". Wallace, who previously served as former President George W. Scaramucci replaces Mike Dubke , who resigned in May.


Federal grand jury indicts Hawaii soldier with providing support to ISIS 
				A Schofield soldier accused of trying to provide support for ISIS has been indicted by a federal grand jury. Attorneys Ken Sorenson and Marc Wallenstein.


Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) PT Lowered to $400.00 
				Chipotle Mexican Grill , Inc (Chipotle), together with its subsidiaries, operates Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd raised its position in shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill by 0.8% in the first quarter.


Outlander Season 3: New Photos Prove Misery Never Looked So Good 
				When it comes to iconic moments in Gabaldon's novels, it's safe to say the Print Shop Scene is high up there. The rest of us will have to wait until September 10 when Outlander Season 3 hits Starz.


Donald Trump's New Communications Director Comes From Wall Street 
				While McCarthy's portrayal of Spicer won critical acclaim, it reportedly hurt the press secretary's standing with the President. He has not always been a Trump admirer either. "You have to have thick skin if you're going to do this".


Akshay Kumar urges fans to say no to piracy 
				We have seen Attarintiki Daredi film released online after how much issue raised in Telugu cinema considering the piracy problem. Toilet: Ek Prem Katha stresses on the open defecation crisis in India and the importance of sanitation.


CTX doctor reacts to Sen. John McCain brain cancer diagnosis 
				The cancer was found during one of the routine screenings McCain has had for years since being diagnosed with skin cancer . US Senator John McCain speaks at the opening of the 53rd Munich Security Conference in Munich, Germany, February 17, 2017.


Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (ADR) (FMS) Analysts See $0.53 EPS 
				SG Americas Securities LLC's holdings in Fresenius Medical Care Corporation were worth $428,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. DZ Bank AG restated a "neutral" rating on shares of Fresenius Medical Care Corporation in a research note on Saturday, May 20th.


Item girl Mumait Khan to quit Bigg Boss for drug quiz 
				Reports are doing rounds that Mumaith might quit the show midway and appear before the SIT for questioning. Mumaith Khan is now in Mumbai participating in the Bigg Boss Telugu show which is being hosted by Jr.







Follow Us









Categories


Mundo


Medicina


Deportes


Tecnología


Espectáculos


Negocios






Recommended stories



Inc. Maintains Stake in Suncor Energy Inc. (NYSE:SU)




SL Green Realty Corporation (SLG) PT Lowered to $125.00 at Citigroup Inc




Peso mexicano cierra con baja de 0.53% en 17.79




Awesome Oscillator Trending Downward For PSL Holdings Ltd




Este es el nuevo artefacto en el que transportan cocaína




Time Warner's (TWX) "Hold" Recommendation Reiterated at Royal Bank Of Canada




Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub




Russian accused of laundering $5b in Bitcoin




Credit Suisse Group Reiterates "Sell" Rating for Boeing Company (The) (BA)




Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Position Raised by CENTRAL TRUST Co




NY Lowers Position in Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS)




Franklin Resources, Inc. Setting The Table For Earnings




Adele Climbs U.K. Rich List, Paul McCartney Still On Top




McDonald's, Cinnabon, Hooters offer Tax Day freebies




Flow battery could run for more than 10 years














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿
































Comparing Smart Sand (SND) & Martin Marietta Materials (NYSE:MLM) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Smart Sand Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Smart Sand Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

O2Micro International Limited (NASDAQ:OIIM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows
W. Scott Brandon Sells 6,557 Shares of Carolina Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:CARO) Stock
Insider Selling: Syros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:SYRS) Insider Sells 12,500 Shares of Stock
Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Insider Daniel Kerzner Sells 18,500 Shares
Dragon-Ukrainian Properties & Dev. Plc (LON:DUPD) Insider Tomas Fiala Buys 58,175 Shares
Cineworld Group plc (CINE) PT Raised to GBX 800
Comparing Smart Sand (SND) & Martin Marietta Materials (NYSE:MLM)
Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Fastenal (FAST)
Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Royal Caribbean Cruises (RCL)
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes
Floor & Decor Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:FND) CEO Sells $5,939,087.00 in Stock
Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB)
Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Nuance Communications (NUAN)
Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Nuance Communications (NUAN)
Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB)
Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Verizon Communications (VZ)
Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Fastenal (FAST)
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes
Financial Review: Cascade Microtech (CSCD) versus Cognex Corporation (CGNX)
CoreSite Realty Corporation’s (COR) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC




 


Comparing Smart Sand (SND) & Martin Marietta Materials (NYSE:MLM)

					Posted by Michael Walen on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 




Smart Sand (NYSE: SND) and Martin Marietta Materials (NYSE:MLM) are both basic materials companies, but which is the better business? We will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their risk, valuation, profitabiliy, earnings, analyst recommendations, institutional ownership and dividends. 
Insider and Institutional Ownership


 Get Smart Sand Inc alerts:



96.7% of Martin Marietta Materials shares are owned by institutional investors. 8.5% of Martin Marietta Materials shares are owned by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, endowments and large money managers believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.




Dividends
Martin Marietta Materials pays an annual dividend of $1.68 per share and has a dividend yield of 0.7%. Smart Sand does not pay a dividend. Martin Marietta Materials pays out 25.4% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. 
Earnings and Valuation
This table compares Smart Sand and Martin Marietta Materials’ revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Smart Sand
$73.93 million
3.48
$25.65 million
N/A
N/A


Martin Marietta Materials
$3.63 billion
3.90
$947.48 million
$6.61
34.15


Martin Marietta Materials has higher revenue and earnings than Smart Sand. 
Profitability
This table compares Smart Sand and Martin Marietta Materials’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Smart Sand
3.87%
2.51%
2.08%


Martin Marietta Materials
10.91%
10.32%
5.77%


Analyst Ratings
This is a breakdown of current recommendations for Smart Sand and Martin Marietta Materials, as provided by MarketBeat. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Smart Sand
0
3
7
0
2.70


Martin Marietta Materials
0
5
4
0
2.44


Smart Sand presently has a consensus target price of $15.53, indicating a potential upside of 143.38%. Martin Marietta Materials has a consensus target price of $229.67, indicating a potential upside of 1.73%. Given Smart Sand’s stronger consensus rating and  higher probable upside, analysts plainly believe Smart Sand is more favorable than Martin Marietta Materials.
Summary
Martin Marietta Materials beats Smart Sand on 10 of the 14 factors compared between the two stocks.
About Smart Sand
Smart Sand, Inc. is a producer of Northern White raw frac sand, which is a proppant used to enhance hydrocarbon recovery rates in the hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells. The Company sells its products primarily to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and oilfield service companies under a combination of long-term take-or-pay contracts and spot sales in the open market. It owns and operates a raw frac sand mine and related processing facility near Oakdale, Wisconsin. In addition to the Oakdale facility, it owns a second property in Jackson County, Wisconsin, known as Hixton site. Its sand reserves include a balanced concentration of coarse (20/40, 30/50 and 40/70 gradation) sands and fine (60/140 gradation) sand. Its reserves contain deposits of approximately 20% of 20/40 and coarser substrate, over 40% of 40/70 mesh substrate and approximately 40% of 100-mesh substrate. Its 30/50 gradation is a derivative of the 20/40 and 40/70 blends.
About Martin Marietta Materials
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. is a supplier of aggregates products (crushed stone, sand, and gravel) used for the construction of infrastructure, nonresidential, and residential projects. Aggregates products are also used for railroad ballast and in agricultural, utility and environmental applications. The Company’s Aggregates business operates through three segments: the Mid-America Group, Southeast Group and West Group. The Company’s business is categorized into Aggregates Business, Cement Business and Magnesia Specialties Business. Its Cement business is reported through the Cement segment. Its Magnesia Specialties business manufactures and markets magnesia-based chemical products used in industrial, agricultural, and environmental applications, and dolomitic lime sold to customers in the steel industry. Its Cement business produces Portland and specialty cements. It manufactures and markets, through its Magnesia Specialties business, magnesia-based chemical products.






Receive News & Ratings for Smart Sand Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smart Sand Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website































































Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Shares Bought by Harwood Advisory Group LLC




























emfizz.com July 29, 2017

































Main


Business


Entertaiment


Electronics


Research


Sport


Worldwide


Medical


Local












TOP


Penn National Gaming, Inc
AltspaceVR lays off staff as social VR platform readies for closure
The US has created a 360-horsepower electric SUV
Live eSports arrives on BBC Three with racing, gunning and punching action
Astronomers have potentially discovered first "exomoon"




 

 


Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Shares Bought by Harwood Advisory Group LLC






21 July 2017, 08:32 | Bernard Bryant


Stock Buzz: Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL)
 


About shares traded. Platform Specialty Products Corp (NYSE:PAH) has risen 48.23% since July 20, 2016 and is uptrending.Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened its previous trading session at $149.2 later Inclining 0.35% to close its trade at a share price of $150.08. It has outperformed by 45.78% the S&P500. After having $-0.43 EPS previously, Autodesk, Inc.'s analysts see -13.95% EPS growth. Another trade for 2,649 shares valued at $339,204 was made by KONDO CHRIS on Thursday, February 2. Autodesk, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADSK) has risen 91.08% since July 20, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 36.17% the S&P500.Investors sentiment decreased to 1.09 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.03, from 0.82 in 2016Q3. Balasa Dinverno & Foltz Llc invested in 0.21% or 82,972 shares. 58 funds opened positions while 132 raised stakes. It also upped Vanguard Tax Managed Intl Fd (VEA) stake by 17,430 shares and now owns 215,759 shares. Parkwood Limited Liability Company owns 0.04% invested in Morningstar, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADSK) for 33,808 shares. Glg Partners LP has invested 0.06% in Apple Inc. Brown Brothers Harriman And, New York-based fund reported 196 shares. (NASDAQ:AAPL) on Tuesday, May 16. Arrowpoint Asset Mgmt Ltd Liability Corp reported 147,923 shares. Moreover, Barrett Asset Mgmt Limited Liability Company has 2.29% invested in Apple Inc. Wells Fargo & Co Mn holds 436,966 shares or 0% of its portfolio. Strategic Wealth Grp Lc owns 301,410 shares. (NASDAQ:ADSK). 11,880 were accumulated by Norinchukin State Bank The. Focused Wealth reported 18,500 shares.Autodesk, Inc.is a design software and services company, offering clients productive business solutions through technology services and products. The stock has a market capitalization of $782.49 billion, a PE ratio of 17.61 and a beta of 1.31.The Manitowoc Company, Inc.is a provider of engineered lifting equipment for the construction industry. It now has negative earnings. (NASDAQ:ADSK) was sold by Anagnost Andrew. The company was maintained on Monday, August 31 by Piper Jaffray. SEWELL D BRUCE sold $10.04M worth of stock. Colonial Trust Advisors sold 3,765 shares as the company's stock rose 12.78% with the market. It turned negative, as 90 investors sold AAPL shares while 975 reduced holdings. The insider Blum Steven M sold $832,149. The firm has "Buy" rating by Macquarie Research given on Tuesday, June 6. Therefore 67% are positive. The stock has "Neutral" rating by Wedbush on Wednesday, November 30. The stock of Autodesk, Inc. The rating was maintained by TD Securities on Friday, August 7 with "Hold". The firm has "Buy" rating given on Friday, August 7 by Morgan Stanley.In the past 5 years, the stock showed growth of 11.36% per annum.Since January 20, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 27 selling transactions for $153.58 million activity.
US Senate vote set for next week on Obamacare repeal
					A GOP senator who dodged reporters after helping tank the Senate health bill had to face the music Wednesday at the White House. Along with opposition from a third GOP senator, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, that was enough to kill the legislation.
					
Under attack for agri distress, now Govt says Congress instigated Mandsaur violence
					He observed that since agriculture is a vast area, results are visible only over a period of time. This is published unedited from the PTI feed .
					
Shares Trading unchanged at $154.00 (IBM) Report: IBM Global Business Services…
					International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, July 18th. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc increased Apple Inc (AAPL) stake by 348% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing.
					Several analysts have released their opinion on Apple Inc. The insider Srouji Johny sold $1.53 million. Riccio Daniel J. sold $1.86 million worth of Apple Inc.In other Apple news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the company's stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was sold by Maestri Luca on Wednesday, March 15. Mizuho maintained Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) on Wednesday, February 1. (NASDAQ:AAPL) news were published by: Investorplace.com which released: "Tuesday's Vital Data: Apple Inc". $3.64M worth of Apple Inc. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Apple Inc. will post $8.91 EPS for the current year.Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) shows a Forward Annual Dividend Rate of $2.28 and Trailing Annual Dividend Yield of 1.52% according to MorningStar Inc. Therefore 50% are positive. Vanguard Group Inc owns $51.42 billion in Apple Inc., which represents roughly 6.56% of the company's market cap and approximately 10.59% of the institutional ownership. The company was initiated on Wednesday, October 14 by Barclays Capital. Streetinsider.com's news article titled: "Form 8-K Trinseo SA For: Jun 21" with publication date: June 22, 2017 was also an interesting one. (NASDAQ:AAPL) for 11,392 shares. The stock of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rating on Friday, September 11. Credit Suisse has "Outperform" rating and $150 target. On Friday, September 11 the stock rating was maintained by Canaccord Genuity with "Buy". Kamunting Street Capital Management Lp who had been investing in Platform Specialty Prods Cor for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $3.68B market cap company. The firm has "Buy" rating given on Friday, September 16 by CLSA.Analysts await HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) to report earnings on August, 23. Earnings, with 38 analysts believing the company would generate an Average Estimate of $1.57. They expect $0.42 earnings per share, down 12.50% or $0.06 from last year's $0.48 per share. AAPL's profit will be $8.16 billion for 24.22 P/E if the $1.56 EPS becomes a reality. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08.Apple earned a media sentiment score of 0.04 on Accern's scale. Its down 0.03, from 0.82 in 2016Q3.Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Tctc Holdg Lc holds 1.02% of its portfolio in Apple Inc. Winslow Evans And Crocker stated it has 0% of its portfolio in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) for 35,828 shares. Lbmc Advsrs Limited Co reported 0.12% stake. Moreover, Btr Mngmt has 3.67% invested in Apple Inc. Fifth Third Bank & Trust invested in 2.1% or 2.25 million shares. Panagora Asset Mngmt invested 0% in Morningstar, Inc. The original version of this article can be read at https://baseballnewssource.com/markets/adams-asset-advisors-llc-acquires-5700-shares-of-apple-inc-nasdaqaapl/1235807.html. (NASDAQ:AAPL) for 63,332 shares. Comm Bancorporation holds 1.81% in Apple Inc. Pub Sector Pension Investment Board accumulated 0.19% or 754,280 shares. PiperJaffray maintained Apple Inc.Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.








Other News

IL  man charged with Chinese scholar kidnapping to plead not guilty

UAE minister denies any hacking of Qatar

Analysts Weigh in on Banco Bradesco Sa (BBD)

Sessions shrugs off Trump's criticism, says will continue as Attorney General

What Enhanced Airport Security Measures Mean for You

Trump expected to make Scaramucci communications director

OJ Simpson could be released from prison TODAY

What Happens to Health Care in California If Obamacare Stays In Place?

United Rentals, Inc. (URI)

Main Event Final Table Gets Started Thursday

'Take cover now': Weather service warns of tornado in Western New York

US Attorney Sessions shrugs off Trump jibe

Robert Mueller is broadening Russian Federation  investigation to include Trump's business transactions

Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC) Upgraded to Buy at BidaskClub

Visa (V) Q3 Earnings Soar Past Estimates, Shares Higher












 

Trending Now




Almost  half of liberals say friend supporting Trump would hurt friendship

The division is narrower than in the past, further indicating no outsize impact of Trump's unpopularity at this point. The survey also showed that more Republicans said they plan to vote in the next election.

Earnings at the Forefront For General Electric Company

A rating of less than 2 means buy, "hold" within the 3 range, "sell" within the 4 range, and "strong sell" within the 5 range. It is negative, as 68 investors sold GE shares while 818 reduced holdings. 41 funds opened positions while 80 raised stakes.

Twins to acquire P Garcia from Braves

Garcia had spent the first eight seasons of his career with the Cardinals after making his major league debut with them in 2008.  The Twins are "close" to adding Braves starter Jaime Garcia in a trade, according to a report from Ken Rosenthal on Twitter.

Protesters gather for Speaker Ryan at MA  stop

Ryan said Republicans are working to eliminate tax exemptions, deductions and credits and use the revenue to lower tax rates. Hoke said Lawrence is among the cities that would be the most affected by Republican health-care and immigration policies.

Here's Why 'RHONY' Star Luann de Lesseps' Marriage Is Concerning Fans

I don't let it ruin the reality of my life - which is the husband that I have, the children and my life.  Luann addressed these concerns as well. "End of story", she told PEOPLE on Tuesday.

Nine Inch Nails have dropped another new track, 'Add Violence'

During the concert , the band also covered David Bowie's " I Can't Give Everything Away " from his final album Blackstar . The only real difference is the remix just has Bowie's vocals, while the live performance is both Trent Reznor and Bowie.

Betsy DeVos vs. the American Federation of Teachers union, a Twitter battle

The 20 AGs told DeVos not to make any changes to Title IX without meeting with more people affected by the policies.  DeVos hinted that she'd be rolling back Title IX protections furthered by the Obama administration.

Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Expected to Announce Earnings of $3.10 Per Share

Equities research analysts forecast that Lockheed Martin Corporation will post $12.62 earnings per share for the current year. During the past six months, Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT)'s stock has been 14.41% and 12.25% for the last 12 months.

Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) Position Cut by Janus Capital Management LLC

Heritage Investors Management Corp acquired 6,422 shares as Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW)'s stock declined 24.72%. Diversified Trust Co boosted its position in shares of Palo Alto Networks by 7.6% in the second quarter.

Teens filmed, mocked and laughed while man slowly drowned

As Dunn fights to stay alive, the teens mercilessly taunt him. "There was no remorse, only a smirk", she said. It was not until three days later that his body was discovered, according to Florida Today .






Dont Miss





Increases Stake in Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:FOLD)






Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD) Receives $5.08 Consensus Price Target from Analysts






The Clean Yield Group Has $258000 Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)






Andrew Wiggins working on a five-year extension with Minnesota






Adviser Investments LLC Acquires Shares of 25628 Chevron Corporation (CVX)






Former top RB recruit BJ Emmons to leave Alabama






Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) Position Increased by Bath Savings Trust Co






Martinez hurts hand, Diamondbacks fall to Reds 4-3 in 11






Trump legal team looking to investigate Mueller aides






Online voters name new Swedish train 'Trainy McTrainface'






Morgan Stanley Upgrades Rating On Nike, Inc. (NKE) To "Overweight"






Tata Motors roll out first batch of 5-seater SUV Nexon






Rocko Preferred Modern Life When It Was Less Modern






DDR Corp. (DDR) Director Purchases 59000 Shares of Stock






Sears Holdings Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for SHLD























 







About Company

Job Openings
Site Map













© emfizz.com | All Rights Reserved.



 








        IAPD - Investment Adviser Search

































                    An official website of the United States Government
                    




















Individual


Firm









                        at
                    










5 Miles
15 Miles
25 Miles











Search












Below is a list of all possible matches that were returned based on the search criteria you provided.   Search results may include both investment advisers and broker-dealers.  Results show whether each firm is an investment adviser, broker-dealer or both. 
Clicking the Get Details button will provide you with a summary for the individual or firm.
For additional information, please see the information below the list of possible matches. 


1 Result






HARWOOD ADVISORY GROUP, LLC(CRD# 166585 / SEC# 801-80103)
Alternate Names:
                    





                                1940 EAST BAY DRIVE, LARGO, FL 33771






                    Investment Adviser Firm
                












The investment advisers listed above are (or were in the last 10 years) registered with the SEC and/or the states, or exempt from registration but required to file reports with the SEC and/or the states.
The broker-dealers listed above have information in FINRA’s BrokerCheck system.
By clicking on any investment adviser above, you will be viewing the most recent Form ADV it filed. Investment advisers file a Form ADV to register with the SEC and/or the states. Exempt Reporting Advisers complete a portion of Form ADV for purposes of reporting to the SEC and/or the states.
By clicking on any broker-dealer above, you will be linked to FINRA's BrokerCheck system to view information about that broker-dealer.
If you would like additional information about an investment adviser (such as the investment adviser's previously filed Form ADVs), contact the SEC Public Reference Room (202-551-8090) or contact a state where the investment adviser is registered or files reports.
If the individual or firm you are searching for is not listed above, click here for suggestions.
Please click here to return to the beginning of the search results.  


























Harwood Advisory Group, LLC | Wealthminder











































Harwood Advisory Group, LLC


Harwood Advisory Group, LLC
(CRD# 166585) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Largo, FL.
They
manage $164,242,936 in 1,182 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Harwood Advisory Group, LLC




1940 East Bay Drive,
Largo,
FL
33771
727-524-1427
http://www.harwoodfinancialgroup.com




http://www.harwoodfinancialgroup.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

164
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,182
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$138,953







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)
Other






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Pension consulting services
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




FL, TX






Financial Advisors at Harwood Advisory Group, LLC




Showing 1 - 6 of 6 top financial advisors.





1















Paige L. Gunn



CRD#:
5131238



1940 East Bay Drive,
Largo,
FL
33771




90

Wealthminder
score








Paige Gunn (CRD# 5131238) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Harwood Advisory Group, LLC in Largo, FL and has 
over 5 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Kevin D. Harwood



CRD#:
6311729



1940 East Bay Drive,
Largo,
FL
33771




89

Wealthminder
score








Kevin Harwood (CRD# 6311729) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Harwood Advisory Group, LLC in Largo, FL and has 
over 3 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Ryan K. Dixon



CRD#:
5906989



1940 East Bay Drive,
Largo,
FL
33771




88

Wealthminder
score








Ryan Dixon (CRD# 5906989) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Harwood Advisory Group, LLC in Largo, FL and has 
over 2 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Michael T. Erman



CRD#:
5334625



1940 East Bay Drive,
Largo,
FL
33771




86

Wealthminder
score








Michael Erman (CRD# 5334625) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Harwood Advisory Group, LLC in Largo, FL and has 
over 9 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Kevin M. Arquette



CRD#:
3229164



1940 East Bay Drive,
Largo,
FL
33771




84

Wealthminder
score








Kevin Arquette (CRD# 3229164) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Harwood Advisory Group, LLC in Largo, FL and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Kevin Arquette has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






6















Robert B. Harwood



CRD#:
5356680



1940 East Bay Drive,
Largo,
FL
33771




83

Wealthminder
score








Robert Harwood (CRD# 5356680) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Harwood Advisory Group, LLC in Largo, FL and has 
over 9 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
































Kevin David Harwood - Financial Advisor, Largo, FL - BrightScope Advisor Pages

































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top
Home>Advisor Pages>Kevin David Harwood








Kevin David HarwoodContact Me




OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees









Share



Follow

Following








Kevin David Harwood
Harwood Advisory Group, LLC














Largo
FLContact Me





OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees











Overview








Description
        
Kevin Harwood  is a financial professional at Harwood Advisory Group, LLC, a $230M RIA based in Largo, FL. Kevin has held an industry securities registration for 2 years and is subject to SEC oversight....











Information
        


other names

N/A
            


Other Firms
N/A




doing business as
N/A


type
RIA







Location
        



13191 STARKEY ROAD, SUITE 1


Largo,
FL
33773


N/A
          








Services








Advisor Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.







Boeing Fee Settlement Highlights the High Bar for Large Plans
BrightScope Editorial







Funds







Funds Used With Clients
        




There are no funds listed for this advisor at this time.








Firm Client types








Qualifications







Experience


No timeline events available.










Employer
Years
Dates




Harwood Advisory Group, LLC


3 years, 5 months

              

Mar 2014 - Present
              


The Harwood Insurance Group, LLC
              

3 years, 9 months

              

Nov 2013 - Present
              


Phs Health Solutions
              

10 months

              
Jan 2013 - Nov 2013
              


Paradigm Health Services
              

16 years, 1 month

              
Nov 1996 - Dec 2012
              









Designations & Memberships




Membership information not available

















Articles and Answers







Insights by Kevin Harwood
        




There are no insights for this advisor to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Answers
        Ask a financial questionAsk a question




There are no answers for this advisor to display at this time.










Advisor Links
        




There are no links for this advisor to display at this time.










Licenses & Conducts








U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


license status
Registered


disclosures
None


as of date

Jul 15, 2016







FINRA


license status
Not registered


disclosures
None


as of date

N/A






Review the status and details of the disclosures noted above using the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure website:
See Disclosure Details








Assets







Harwood Advisory Group, LLC
Last updated on June 30, 2017





$229.9M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






2K

          
Accounts
          


$142.0K

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          














Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Hourly Charges

Fixed Fees

Other


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations












































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisor
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find and Research a Financial Advisor
    





Search




Advisor Name







Active advisors only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Advisor Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/advisor/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Asset-Based Fees (511,680)



Fixed Fees (427,555)



Hourly Charges (257,250)



Commissions (238,814)



Fee Only (957)






State Approval



All states



California (192,950)



Florida (189,613)



Texas (168,977)



New York (157,624)



North Carolina (132,048)






Current Employer



No preference



Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (34,514)



Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC (26,639)



J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (25,622)



Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (24,260)









Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (273,106)



100M - 500M (31,171)



1B - 10B (92,720)



10B - 100B (113,962)



> 100B (174,260)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (41,116)



100 - 500K (380,642)



500K - 1M (19,777)



1M - 10M (25,756)






Client Types



No Preference



Individuals (565,047)



High Net Worth Individuals (564,981)



Pension And Profit Sharing Plans (564,632)



Charitable Organizations (564,243)



State Or Municipal Government Entities (564,022)






Financial Advisor Search Results


739,534 results













George Cones, JD 



                            
    					    Third Sigma Investment Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilmington, DE
			        













George Cabalu 



                            
    					    Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Mclean, VA
			        













Andrew Comstock, CFA 



                            
    					    Castlebar Asset Management, LLC
                            
                                


			            Leawood, KS
			        













Curtis E. Hollowell 



                            
    					    Redmount Capital Partners LLC
                            
                                


			            Newport Beach, CA
			        













John A. Frisch CPA/PFS, CFP®, AIF®, PPC 



                            
    					    Alliant Wealth Advisors
                            
                                


			            Prince William, VA
			        













James D. Kinney, CFP® 



                            
    					    Financial Pathways
                            
                                


			            Bridgewater, NJ
			        













Arie J. Korving, CFP® 



                            
    					    Korving & Company LLC
                            
                                


			            Suffolk, VA
			        













Tony Krance, MBA, CFP®, AIF® 



                            
    					    401K Plan Advisors
                            
                                


			            Green Bay, WI
			        













Eve L. Kaplan, CFP® 



                            
    					    Kaplan Financial Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Berkeley Heights, NJ
			        













Kimberly L. Curtis, CFP®, ChFC, CLU, CAP, AEP, MSFS 



                            
    					    Wealth Legacy Institute, Inc.
                            
                                


			            Denver, CO
			        













Lyle Himebaugh 



                            
    					    Granite Group Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilton, CT
			        













Martin "Marty" Leclerc 



                            
    					    Barrack Yard Advisors, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    Pickwick Capital Partners, LLC
                            
                                



			            Washington, DC
			        













Clint Haynes 



                            
    					    Nextgen Wealth, LLC
                            
                                


			            Lee'S Summit, MO
			        













Jonathan N. Castle, MSFS, CFP® 



                            
    					    Paragon Wealth Strategies, LLC.
                            
                                


			            Jacksonville, FL
			        













Nicholas Olesen, CFP®, CRPC® 



                            
    					    Private Advisor Group, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    LPL Financial LLC
                            
                                



			            King Of Prussia, PA
			        








1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations























