 




Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93 - The New York Times
































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





N.Y. / Region|Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/1sVXnzI








Advertisement








Supported by



N.Y. / Region

Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93

By PAUL VITELLOAUG. 20, 2014



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Sylvia Hassenfeld, with her great-grandson Kinsey Casdin, announcing a gift to NYU Langone Medical Center in fall 2011.

Credit
            Cindy Ord/Getty Images        



Sylvia Hassenfeld, the matriarch of the founding family of Hasbro, the maker of G.I. Joe, Mr. Potato Head and the Transformers, who became a path-making philanthropist and one of the first women to head a major international Jewish aid organization, died on Saturday at her home in Manhattan. She was 93.Her death was confirmed by her daughter, Ellen Hassenfeld Block.From 1988 to 1992, Mrs. Hassenfeld was the first female president of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, a relief group founded in 1914 to provide social services and refugee assistance for persecuted Jews around the world.During her tenure, she took a hands-on role in negotiating the resettlement of Jews leaving the disintegrating Soviet Union, providing help for Jews remaining in former Soviet bloc states like Romania and Hungary, and arranging the 1991 airlift to Israel of 14,000 Jews from war-torn Ethiopia.She was also the first president of the organization to support the expansion of crisis assistance programs to non-Jews. In 1989, the organization helped to arrange a series of charter flights that ferried some of the most severely injured victims of the 1988 Armenian earthquake to Tel Aviv and Haifa for treatment and rehabilitation. Nonsectarian agricultural aid was also sent to Ethiopia in the late 1980s.Mrs. Hassenfeld was the widow of Merrill L. Hassenfeld, who ran Hasbro — founded in 1923 by Mr. Hassenfeld’s father, Henry, and his uncles Hillel and Herman — in the ’50s and ’60s. Their son Stephen took over the company after Merrill Hassenfeld’s death in 1979. It was the world’s fifth-largest toy company at the time, but had become the largest by the time he died in 1989. Another son, Alan, led Hasbro, which is still under the family’s control, until 2008.While she served for many years as a member of the board and was involved, as the mother of three children, in the early test-marketing of many Hasbro products, Mrs. Hassenfeld was mainly occupied by philanthropic work, her daughter said.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




She served as national chairwoman of the women’s division of the United Jewish Appeal and vice chairwoman of the Jerusalem Foundation. She also had leadership roles in national and international Jewish organizations like the United Israel Appeal and the Jewish Agency for Israel.After her son Stephen’s death, she took a leadership role in the Hasbro Children’s Foundation, a nonsectarian humanitarian organization that he founded in 1984 to help poor and homeless children, and was instrumental in creating the Stephen D. Hassenfeld Children’s Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders at N.Y.U. Medical Center. In a separate campaign, she donated $50 million toward development of a children’s hospital at the medical center, now known as NYU Langone, to be named the Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital. It is scheduled to open in 2017.Sylvia Grace Kay was born in Philadelphia on Sept. 19, 1920, the only child of Sophie and Joseph Kay. Her father was a hosiery manufacturer. After marrying Merrill Hassenfeld in 1940, she moved to Providence, R.I., where Hasbro has its headquarters, and where she would live for most of her life. The family also had homes in Palm Beach, Fla., and Manhattan.Besides her daughter, Ellen, and her son, Alan, Mrs. Hassenfeld is survived by three grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times



























Board of Directors - Hasbro, Inc.











































 

Investors




 US 
|
 Worldwide 


 Follow Hasbro: 
 





Hasbro Corporate
Investor Relations Corporate Governance Board of Directors


  Board of Directors  



Briefcase
Printed Materials 
Email Alerts
Snapshot
RSS
Print
Email
Share



X
































Brian D. Goldner
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Hasbro, Inc.








 Print Page


	Age: 53

	 

	As Chairman and CEO of Hasbro, Inc., Brian Goldner is responsible for bringing the company’s iconic brands to life across its strategic Brand Blueprint, through toy and game innovation, immersive entertainment experiences, digital gaming and consumer products.

	 

	Since joining Hasbro in 2000 and taking on the role of CEO in 2008, Mr. Goldner has been instrumental in transforming Hasbro from a traditional toy and game company to a global play and entertainment leader. In 2016, Hasbro passed the $5B revenue mark for the first time in company history.

	 

	Mr. Goldner pioneered Hasbro’s entry into entertainment and oversees the company’s omni-channel storytelling. He has served as an executive producer on a number of films based on Hasbro brands, including the wildly-successful TRANSFORMERS films and the upcoming animated feature MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE.

	 

	Mr. Goldner is actively involved in driving corporate and community initiatives to fulfill Hasbro’s purpose, to make the world a better place for children and their families. Hasbro recently ranked among the World’s Most Ethical Companies for the sixth consecutive year.

	 

	In addition to being a member of Hasbro's board of directors, Mr. Goldner serves on the board of directors for Gap Inc., and is a member of the Producers Guild of America.






 Member of the Executive Committee













Edward M. Philip
Retired Chief Operating Officer  Partners in HealthRetired Special PartnerHighland Consumer Fund








 Print Page


	Age: 52

	 

	Edward M. 'Ted' Philip served as a Special Partner at Highland Consumer Fund, a consumer oriented private equity fund, serving in this role from 2013-2017.  Previously, he served as Managing General Partner at Highland Consumer Fund from 2006 to 2013.  In addition, Mr. Philip was Chief Operating Officer at Partners in Health until his retirement in 2017.  Prior thereto, Mr. Philip served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Decision Matrix Group, Inc. (research and consulting firm) from May 2004 to November 2005 and was Senior Vice President of Terra Networks, S.A. (global Internet company) from October 2000 to January 2004.  In 1995, Mr. Philip joined Lycos, Inc. (an Internet service provider and search company) as one of its founding members.  During his time with Lycos, Mr. Philip held the positions of President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at different times.  Prior to joining Lycos, Mr. Philip spent time as the Vice President of Finance for the Walt Disney Company, and spent a number of years in investment banking.  He is a director of BRP Inc. and United Continental Holdings, Inc.  Mr. Philip has been a director of the Company since 2002.

	 

	The Board has nominated Mr. Philip for election as a director because of his more than 25 years of business experience, including many years of experience as both an operating executive and chief financial officer of multinational corporations, and his experience in strategic, business and financial planning in consumer-based and technology-based industries and in overseeing management teams of such companies. The Board believes Mr. Philip possesses particular knowledge, expertise and perspectives regarding corporate finance; internet and technology based industries and the use of the internet and digital media for building businesses; expertise in consumer trends and in the family entertainment industry; financial reporting and accounting matters for large multinational public companies; as well as expertise in the operation and management of a multinational corporation.






 Chair of the Compensation Committee





 Member of the Executive Committee





 Member of the Nominating, Governance & Social Responsibility Committee













Kenneth A. Bronfin
Senior Managing Director  Hearst Ventures 








 Print Page


	Age: 56

	 

	Kenneth A. Bronfin is Senior Managing Director of Hearst Ventures (the strategic investment arm of diversified media company Hearst Corporation), serving in this role since 2013. Prior thereto, he was President of Hearst Interactive Media since 2002. Prior thereto, he was Deputy Group Head of Hearst Interactive Media since 1996. From 2002 until 2006, Mr. Bronfin served on the Board of iVillage Inc. Mr. Bronfin has been a director of the Company since 2008.

	 

	The Board has nominated Mr. Bronfin for election as a director because of his extensive expertise and experience in operational and executive roles in the media and digital services sectors. Mr. Bronfin’s experience includes serving in a number of executive positions where he was in charge of leading interactive media and digital businesses and where he led new business ventures, strategic investments and acquisitions in the digital content and media sectors. Mr. Bronfin also has experience serving on a number of private and public company boards of directors. The Board believes Mr. Bronfin possesses particular knowledge, expertise and experience in the media and digital services businesses, including international media; advertising and marketing, and consumer trends in media and digital technology; as well as expertise in strategic planning and corporate finance.






 Member of the Compensation Committee





 Member of the Executive Committee





 Chair of the Finance Committee













Michael  Burns
Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. 








 Print Page


	Age: 57

	 

	Michael R. Burns is the Vice Chairman and a member of the Board of directors of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp., serving in this role since 2000. From 1991 to 2000, he was the Managing Director and Head of the Los Angeles Investment Banking Office of Prudential Securities Inc. Mr. Burns has been a director of the Company since 2014.

	 

	The Board has nominated Mr. Burns for election as a director because of his extensive knowledge and experience in content development and brand building, including in the use of creative storytelling across platforms global entertainment franchises; in the entertainment industries, including operating and financial expertise in to build motion picture development, financing, marketing and monetization; expertise in strategic planning for, investing in and building content and entertainment-driven multi-platform businesses; experience in global media distribution; expertise in investment banking and corporate finance; and expertise in international business.






 Member of the Finance Committee





 Member of the Nominating, Governance & Social Responsibility Committee













Hope Cochran
Venture Partner, Madrona Venture Group 








 Print Page


	Hope Cochran is a venture partner at Madrona Venture Group in Seattle, WA. Prior to joining Madrona, Cochran served as the Chief Financial Officer of King Digital and Chief Financial Officer for Clearwire. Cochran is a lifelong supporter of YoungfLife, a program that provided fun, safe, faith-based programs for children 12-18 years of age. Hope is on the Board of MongoDB and previously served on the Board of the 5th Avenue Theater in Seattle. Hope brings more than 20 years of experience as a top financial executive in the gaming and telecom industries.

	 

	The Board appointed Hope in June 2016 because of her financial and gaming expertise; her experience managing global teams and businesses; and the International perspective that is valuable as Hasbro continues to expand its global footprint. She qualifies as a financial expert under the SEC’s rules, and has created and led audit committees in both private and public companies.






 Chair of the Audit Committee





 Member of the Executive Committee





 Member of the Finance Committee













Crispin Davis
Retired Chief Executive Officer Reed Elsevier








 Print Page


	Age: 66

	Sir Crispin H. Davis served as the Chief Executive Officer of Reed Elsevier, PLC (a leading provider of scientific, legal and business publishing) from 1999 to 2009. From 1994 to 1999 he was the Chief Executive Officer of Aegis Group, PLC (media and digital marketing communications company). He is a director of Vodaphone Group, PLC and served on the Board of Glaxo Smith Kline, PLC from 2003 to 2013. Sir Davis has been a director of the Company since February 2016.

	 

	The Board appointed Sir Davis as a director in February 2016 and has nominated Sir Davis for re-election as a director because of his experience in transforming a print-based publishing company into a leading online information provider, international business expertise, proven leadership in driving the growth of large multinational corporations, expertise in brand building, organizational development and global marketing, background in media and digital marketing, and knowledge of corporate governance and board best practices.






 Member of the Compensation Committee





 Member of the Nominating, Governance & Social Responsibility Committee













Lisa Gersh
Former Chief Executive Officer Goop








 Print Page


	Age: 57

	 

	Lisa Gersh served as the Chief Executive Officer of Goop, Inc. (lifestyle publication curated by Gwyneth Paltrow) from 2014-2016.  Ms. Gersh served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc. (integrated media and merchandising company) from 2012 to 2013.  Prior thereto, she served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc. from 2011 to 2012.  She served as President, Strategic Initiatives at NBC News, an operating subsidiary of NBC Universal (media company) from 2007 until January 2011. Ms. Gersh served as a director of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc. from 2011 to 2013. Ms. Gersh was the founder and President of Oxygen Media from 1998 until 2007. Ms. Gersh is also on the Board of ComScore, a media measurement and analytics company.

	 

	The Board nominated Ms. Gersh for election in 2010 as a director because of her extensive experience in the media, branded products and entertainment industries, including television, digital entertainment and publishing. These roles involved operating and executive positions with multiple leading media and brand-driven companies, including as Chief Executive Officer of Goop, Inc., President and Chief Executive Officer of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia and her role in leading NBC Universal's acquisition of the Weather Channel companies as the executive in charge of the investment. The Board believes Ms. Gersh possesses knowledge, expertise and perspectives, including business and strategic planning expertise, regarding media, brand-driven and entertainment industries, including the cable television and digital industries; marketing and branding expertise; and expertise in media trends and in building global brand-driven businesses.






 Member of the Audit Committee





 Member of the Compensation Committee













Alan G. Hassenfeld
Retired Chairman and CEO Hasbro, Inc.








 Print Page


	Age: 67

	 

	Alan G. Hassenfeld served as Chairman of the Board of Hasbro, Inc. from 1989 to 2008. Prior to May 2003, Mr. Hassenfeld served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hasbro since 1999. Prior thereto, he was Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Hasbro since 1989. Mr. Hassenfeld serves on the Board of salesforce.com, inc. and served on the Board of Global Cornerstone Holdings Ltd. from 2011 until 2013. Mr. Hassenfeld is also co-chairman of the Governing Body of the International Council of Toy Industries CARE Process. Mr. Hassenfeld has been a director of the Company since 1978.

	 

	The Board has nominated Mr. Hassenfeld for election as a director because of his more than 40 years of experience in the toy, game and family entertainment industry, including his extensive service in senior leadership roles at Hasbro, culminating in his service as the Company’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Throughout his career at Hasbro, Mr. Hassenfeld held a number of positions of increasing responsibility in marketing and sales for the Company’s domestic and international operations, including responsibilities overseeing global markets. He became Vice President of International Operations in 1972 and later served as Vice President of Marketing and Sales and then as Executive Vice President, prior to being named President of the Company in 1984 and President and Chief Executive Officer in 1989. The Board believes Mr. Hassenfeld possesses particular knowledge, expertise and experience regarding strategic and operational planning and execution in the toy, game and family entertainment industries; expertise in industry trends and challenges, global markets, and international business operations; expertise in issues of corporate social responsibility and sustainability; and experience in the competitive and financial positioning of the Company and its business.






 Chair of the Executive Committee





 Member of the Finance Committee













Tracy Leinbach
Retired EVP and CFO Ryder System, Inc.








 Print Page


	Age: 56

	 

	Tracy A. Leinbach served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Ryder System, Inc. (a global logistics and transportation and supply chain solutions provider) from 2003 until 2006. Prior thereto, Ms. Leinbach served as Executive Vice President, Fleet Management Solutions for Ryder since 2001. She is a director of Forward Air Corporation and Veritiv Corporation. Ms. Leinbach has been a director of the Company since 2008.

	 

	The Board has nominated Ms. Leinbach for election as a director because of her extensive business experience in global operations, strategic and financial planning, auditing and accounting. Ms. Leinbach held a number of positions involving increasing global operating and global financial management, responsibility and oversight, as well as global supply chain management, with Ryder, spanning a career with Ryder of over 21 years. During her career she lead the company’s largest business unit in the U.S., as well as units in Europe, Mexico and Canada. In addition to extensive operating experience, her time with Ryder included service as controller and chief financial officer at many of Ryder’s subsidiaries and divisions. Ms. Leinbach’s career with Ryder culminated in her service as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to her career with Ryder, Ms. Leinbach worked for Price Waterhouse in public accounting and was a CPA. The Board believes Ms. Leinbach possesses particular knowledge, expertise and experience in strategic planning, management, operations, logistics and risk management for a large multinational company; corporate finance; sales; and expertise in issues regarding financial reporting and accounting issues for large public companies. The Board has determined that Ms. Leinbach qualifies as an Audit Committee Financial Expert due to her prior experience, including as the Chief Financial Officer of a public company (Ryder System, Inc.).






 Member of the Audit Committee





 Member of the Executive Committee





 Chair of the Nominating, Governance & Social Responsibility Committee













Richard S. Stoddart
Chief Executive Officer Leo Burnett Worldwide








 Print Page


	Age: 53

	 

	Richard S. Stoddart is the Chief Executive Officer of Leo Burnett North America, serving in his role since 2013. Mr. Stoddart served as President of Leo Burnett North America from 2005 to 2013. Prior thereto, he was Manager of Marketing Communications of Ford Motor Company from 2001 to 2005. Mr. Stoddart has been a director of the Company since March 2014.

	 

	The Board has nominated Mr. Stoddart for election as a director because of his extensive experience in the advertising, marketing and communications industries, including in television, digital, social media and in print, and in building global brands and businesses. As the Chief Executive Officer of one of the largest advertising agencies, Mr. Stoddart is recognized for his leadership in the development and integration of shopper, digital, social and mobile capabilities as part of a company’s overall marketing and brand strategy. The Board believes Mr. Stoddart possesses knowledge, expertise and experience regarding branding and brand building, marketing strategy and marketing communications across media platforms, including in traditional advertising, digital advertising and social media; expertise in media planning, launching branded content and products; and expertise in media trends and strategic planning for businesses building global content-driven brands.






 Member of the Audit Committee





 Member of the Finance Committee













Mary Beth West
Chief Growth Officer The Hershey Company








 Print Page


	Mary Beth West is Chief Growth Officer for The Hershey Company. Prior to joining Hershey, Ms. West was Executive Vice President and Chief Customer and Marketing Officer for the J.C. Penney Company. Prior to joining J.C. Penney Company, West served for twenty eight years at Mondelez and its predecessor Kraft Foods, most recently serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Category and Marketing Officer. She currently serves on the board of the Wallace Foundation and Marcy Ships. West previously served on the Board of J.C. Penney; The Goodman Theater; Kohl's Children Museum; and Off the Street Club.

	 

	The Board appointed Mary Beth as a director in 2016 because of her extensive experience and expertise in marketing, brand building, managing global franchises, understanding and applying consumer insights, developing retail and sales experiences, skill in managing teams and proven perspective in delivering top tier consumer experiences.






 Member of the Finance Committee





 Member of the Nominating, Governance & Social Responsibility Committee













Linda Zecher
Retired President and Chief Executive Officer Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company








 Print Page


	Age: 62

	 

	Linda K. Zecher was the President and Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of directors, of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company, serving in those roles since 2011. Prior thereto, she was Corporate Vice President, Worldwide Public Sector of Microsoft Corporation from 2003 to 2011. Ms. Zecher has been a director of the Company since 2014.

	 

	The Board has nominated Ms. Zecher for election as a director because of her extensive experience in leading the transformation of businesses in the fields of digital publishing, digital learning, and online sales and marketing, as well as her expertise and skill in driving technological innovation and in leading content development and distribution across channels and platforms. The Board believes Ms. Zecher possesses knowledge, expertise and experience in unified analog and digital content development and distribution, in strategic planning and execution for businesses focused on global cross-platform content development and delivery, and expertise in digital brand building, online business development and in driving technological innovation. 






 Member of the Audit Committee





 Member of the Compensation Committee















 


Sylvia Hassenfeld - Wikipedia





















 






Sylvia Hassenfeld

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sylvia K. Hassenfeld


Born
Sylvia Grace Kay
(1920-09-19)September 19, 1920
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States


Died
August 15, 2014(2014-08-15) (aged 93)
Manhattan, New York City, U.S.


Occupation



Philanthropist





Parent(s)
Sophie Kay
Joseph Kay


Relatives
Alan Hassenfeld (son)
Ellen Hassenfeld Block (daughter)
Stephen D. Hassenfeld(son)


Sylvia K. Hassenfeld (September 19, 1920 – August 15, 2014) was an American Jewish communal leader, philanthropist, human rights advocate, and one of the first women to head a major international Jewish aid organization.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Philanthropic and Communal Work
3 American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee
4 Awards and Accolades
5 References



Early life[edit]
Sylvia Grace Kay was born in Philadelphia on September 19, 1920, the only child of Sophie (Flieglman) and Joseph Kay, who was a hosiery manufacturer. In 1940, Sylvia married Merrill L. Hassenfeld, whose father, Henry, and his uncles Hillel and Herman, had founded Hasbro toys in 1923, and moved to Providence, Rhode Island. Merrill became the president of Hasbro in 1943 and CEO in 1960, a position he held until his death in 1979. Sylvia earned her bachelor's degree from Cedar Crest College in 1944.[1] She and her husband had three children, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, who led Hasbro from 1979 until his death in 1989, Alan G. Hassenfeld, who led the company from 1989-2008 and remains a trustee, and Ellen Hassenfeld Block. She served as a director of the board of trustees of Hasbro and was also involved in the early test-marketing of many Hasbro products while her children were growing up but her main interest was philanthropy.[2]
Philanthropic and Communal Work[edit]
Sylvia was involved in numerous Jewish philanthropic organizations, including as the national chairwoman of the women’s division of the United Jewish Appeal, and the vice chairwoman of the Jerusalem Foundation, and was on the executive boards of tustees of the United Israel Appeal, the Jewish Agency for Israel, Brandeis University, and the Israel Museum. She was also the president of the Hassenfeld Foundation, which supports Jewish causes, hospitals and medical centers, and academic and educational institutions around the globe.
After her son Stephen’s death in 1989, Sylvia took a leadership role in the Hasbro Children’s Foundation, a charity that Stephen founded in 1984 to help poor and homeless children and their families throughout the world. She also founded the Stephen D. Hassenfeld Children’s Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders at N.Y.U. Medical Center in 1990. In addition, she donated money toward the development of a children’s hospital at the NYU Langone Medical Center, where she was a trustee. The Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital is scheduled to open in 2017.[3]
American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee[edit]
Mrs. Hassenfeld was the first female president of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee (JDC), from 1988 to 1992. In this position, she helped to found the International Development Program (IDP), a non-sectarian emergency aid organization, in response to the December 1988 Armenian earthquake. The charter flights bringing severely injured earthquake victims to Israel marked the first time that the JDC offered crisis help to non-Jews. Also in 1988, she oversaw the JDC’s return to the Soviet Union, the first time the organization had been in the Soviet Union since the dissolution of the Agro-Joint in 1938.[4] Hassenfeld, through the JDC, was involved with the rescue of Serbs, Croats, Muslims, and Jews from Sarajevo during the Breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s and aided Jewish outreach in Central and Eastern Europe, including the resettling in various countries of Jews leaving after the break-up of the Soviet Union. She also oversaw JDC operations in the Middle East and Africa, most dramatically the 1991 Operation Solomon airlift rescue of over 14,000 Ethiopian Jews, bringing them to settle in Israel.[5]
Awards and Accolades[edit]
Sylvia Hassenfeld received numerous awards and honors in recognition of more than fifty years of national and international philanthropic and humanitarian leadership. The Hassenfeld family was very closely connected with Brandeis University from its earliest days, including her father-in-law, husband, and her children. She received an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Brandeis University in 1998 in “recognition of her leadership, activism and philanthropy.”[6]
She was made an Honorary Citizen of Jerusalem, a presidential appointee to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council, was awarded the 1994 Emma Lazarus Statue of Liberty Award by the American Jewish Historical Society, and was honored by the National Conference of Christians and Jews.[7]
Sylvia K. Hassenfeld died on Saturday, August 15, 2014 at her home in Manhattan. She was 93.[8]
References[edit]



^ "Sylvia Hassenfeld, trustee, former Board vice chair, dies | BrandeisNOW". BrandeisNOW. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "History of JDC: 1980s - JDC Archives". archives.jdc.org. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "History of JDC: 1990s - JDC Archives". archives.jdc.org. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "Sylvia Hassenfeld, trustee, former Board vice chair, dies | BrandeisNOW". BrandeisNOW. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "SYLVIA K. HASSENFELD's Obituary on New York Times". New York Times. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sylvia_Hassenfeld&oldid=787919960"					
Categories: 1920 births2014 deathsAmerican philanthropistsActivists from PhiladelphiaHidden categories: Articles with hCardsArticles created via the Article Wizard 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 10:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hasbro - Wikipedia






















 






Hasbro

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hassenfeld Brothers)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Hasbro, Inc.





Formerly called

Hassenfeld Brothers
Hasbro Bradley



Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: HAS
NASDAQ-100 component
S&P 500 component





Industry



Toys
Entertainment





Founded
December 6, 1923; 93 years ago (1923-12-06) (as Hassenfeld Brothers)


Founder



Henry Hassenfeld
Hillel Hassenfeld
Herman Hassenfeld





Headquarters
Pawtucket, Rhode Island, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Brian Goldner (Chairman & CEO)
Deborah Thomas (CFO)
John Frascotti (President)
Duncan J. Billing (EVP, Global Operations and Business Development)





Products



Toys
Puzzles
Board games
War games
RPG
Sports equipment





Brands



Milton Bradley
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tonka





Revenue
 US$5.01 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$788.05 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$551.38 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 5.09 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$1.86 billion (2016)[1]


Owner
Alan G. Hassenfeld (7.82%)



Number of employees

5,000 (2017)[2][3]


Divisions
Hasbro Gaming


Subsidiaries



Hasbro Studios
Tiger Electronics
Wizards of the Coast
Boulder Media Limited





Website
hasbro.com


Hasbro, Inc. (/ˈhæzbroʊ/; an abbreviation of its original name, Hassenfeld Brothers) is an American multinational toy and board game company. Hasbro is the third largest toy maker in the world with revenues of approximately $4.45 billion.[4] Hasbro acquired the trademarks and products of Kenner, Parker Brothers and Milton Bradley, among others. Among its toy and game products are the iconic Monopoly board game, G.I. Joe figurine, Furby electronic stuffed animal, Transformers mechanical toys and My Little Pony. The Hasbro brand also spawned TV shows, such as Family Game Night on the Discovery Family network, to promote its products. The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The majority of its products are manufactured in East Asia.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Hassenfeld Brothers
1.2 Hasbro Industries
1.3 Hasbro


2 Controversy
3 Manufacture

3.1 Quality control


4 Impact
5 Subsidiaries

5.1 Former


6 Toys and games
7 Films and television
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Hassenfeld Brothers[edit]
In 1923, three brothers named Herman, Hillel and Henry Hassenfeld[5] founded Hassenfeld Brothers, a company selling textile remnants, in Providence, Rhode Island. Over the next two decades, the company expanded to produce pencil cases and school supplies. In 1926, Hassenfeld Brothers was incorporated, with Hillel leaving for another textile business while Henry took charge of the corporation. With cost of pencils rising and their pencil supplier making pencil cases, the Hassenfelds began making their own pencils, becoming a source of funding for future lines.[6]
In the 1940s, Hassenfeld Brothers produced doctor and nurse kits, its first toys, and modeling clay, becoming primarily a toy company by 1942. With Hillel's death in 1943, Henry Hassenfeld became CEO while his son, Merrill, became president. The company entered the plastic fields during World War II to support its toy line.[6] Hassenfeld Brothers' first toy hit was Mr. Potato Head,[6] which the company purchased from George Lerner in 1952. The toy was a smash success. In 1954, the company became a Disney major licensee.[6]
In 1960, Henry died and Merrill took over the parent company and his older brother Harold ran the pencil-making business, Empire Pencil. Hassenfeld Brothers expanded to Canada with Hassenfeld Brothers (Canada) Ltd. in 1961. The company was approached in 1963 to license a toy based on The Lieutenant, which they turned down because they did not want to be tied to a possibly short-lived television series. Instead, in 1964, Hassenfeld Brothers produced the G.I. Joe toy, which they termed an "action figure" in order to market the toy to boys who wouldn't want to play with "dolls." In 1964 and 1965, G.I. Joe accounted for two-thirds of Hassenfeld's sales.[6]
Hasbro Industries[edit]
Having previously sold toys under the Hasbro trade name, the company shortened its name to Hasbro Industries in 1968 and sold a minor stake in the corporation to the public.
With the unpopular Vietnam War at its height in 1969, Hasbro redesigned GI Joe to be less militaristic and more adventure oriented.[6] Its promotional efforts included the catchphrase "Boy Oh Boy! It's A Hasbro Toy!" in television commercials and print ads.[citation needed] Also in 1969 Hasbro bought Burt Claster Enterprises, which produced "Romper Room" and had just begun a Romper Room toy line. A month-long teamsters strike and far eastern supplier troubles caused the company to have a $1 million loss for the year.[6]
In 1970, Hasbro began a plan of diversification and opened the Romper Room Nursery School franchise chain to cash in on President Richard M. Nixon's Family Assistance Plan which subsidized day care for working mothers. By 1975, the company had ended the nursery chain. Hasbro also entered the cookware field with the Galloping Gourmet line based on a contemporary television cooking show. With an attack of termites on the line's salad bowls, the line collapsed.
Two new 1970s toys were public relations disasters. One of the toys was named Javelin Darts which were similar to the ancient Roman plumbata. On December 19, 1988, the Consumer Product Safety Commission banned lawn darts from sale in the United States due to their hazards as a flying projectile with a sharp metal point causing multiple deaths.[7] The other toy was named The Hypo-Squirt, a hypodermic needle shaped water gun tagged by the press as a "junior junkie" kit. Both were recalled. While Romper Room and its toy line had continued success, Action for Children's Television citizens group considered the program as an advertising channel for toys.[6]
Merrill Hassenfeld took over as CEO in 1974 with his son, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, becoming president. The company became profitable once again, but had mixed results due to cash flow problems from increasing the number of toys in the line to offset G.I. Joe's declining sales. In 1975, the G.I. Joe line was ended by Hasbro, caused by the rising price of plastic via its raw material and crude oil's increasing prices. In 1977, Hasbro's losses were $2.5 million and the company held a large debt load. That same year, Hasbro acquired Peanuts cartoon characters licensing rights. With the financial situation poor, Hasbro's bankers made the company temporarily stop dividend payments in early 1979. The toy division's losses increased Harold Hassenfeld's resentment regarding the company's treatment of the Empire Pencil subsidiary as Empire received lower levels of capital spending to profits than did the toy division. With Merrill's death in 1979, Harold did not recognize Stephen's authority as the successor to the chairman & CEO position. As a solution, Hasbro spun off Empire Pencil in 1980, then the nation's largest pencil maker with Harold trading his Hasbro shares for those of Empire. Stephen then became both the CEO and chairman of the board. Between 1978 and 1981, Stephen reduced the Hasbro product line by one-third and its new products by one-half. Hasbro focused on simple, low cost, longer life cycle toys like Mr. Potato Head. Hasbro thus stayed out of the electronic games field which went bust in the early 1980s.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro revived its G.I. Joe line—with the help of Marvel Comics—as an anti-terrorist commando based on current events. The company launched the successful Transformers toy line along with a children's animated TV series two years later. With the toys and TV Series being popular, Stephen Hassenfeld posed with the toys for a People magazine cover photo.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro produced another successful toy franchise, My Little Pony.[citation needed] In 1983, Hasbro purchased GLENCO Infant Items, a manufacturer of infant products and the world's largest bib producer and Knickerbocker Toy Company, a Warner Communications struggling subsidiary. Hasbro paid Warner with 37 percent of its own stock—paid into a Hasbro executive control voting trust—and also received a cash infusion. In 1984, Alan Hassenfeld took over as president from his brother Stephen, who continued as CEO and chairman. That same year, the company (then the nation's sixth-best-selling toymaker) acquired the Milton Bradley Company (then the nation's fifth bestselling toymaker), bringing The Game of Life, Twister, Easy Money and Playskool into the Hasbro fold and transforming Hasbro into Hasbro Bradley. Stephen Hassenfeld became the merged company's president and CEO with Milton Bradley chief James Shea Jr. taking the chairman position. However, the executives clashed and Shea left after a few months, and Stephen and Alan returned to their previous positions.[6]
Hasbro[edit]
In 1985, the company changed its name again to just Hasbro, Inc.[6] The Jumpstarters toys were the subject of a lawsuit in 1985 when Hasbro sued a toy manufacturer for selling toys based on their Transformers design. Hasbro won the suit.[8]
In the mid-1980s, Hasbro moved past Mattel to become the world's largest toy company. Hasbro then moved to outsell Mattel's Barbie in the fashion doll market with the 1986 introduction of Jem, a record producer/rock musician dual identity fashion doll. Initially posting strong sales, Jem plummeted and was withdrawn from the market in 1987. Hasbro followed up in 1988 with Maxie, a Barbie-sized blonde doll, so Barbie clothing and accessories would fit. Maxie lasted until 1990.[6]
Under Alan's initiative in the late 1980s, Hasbro moved to increase international sales by taking US market failed toys overseas and selling them for as much as four times the original price. This increased international sales from $268 million in 1985 to $433 million in 1988.[6]
In 1988, Hasbro purchased part of Coleco Industries' indoor and outdoor children's furniture and ride-on toy product lines for $21 million including two just closed manufacturing plants in Amsterdam, N.Y.[9] In July 1989, Hasbro acquired bankrupt Coleco for $85 million.[10] Stephen Hassenfeld died later that year with the company having gone from sales of $104 million in the year he took control to 1989 sales of over $1.4 billion.[6]
Alan succeeded Stephen as chairman and CEO. In 1991, Hasbro purchased Tonka Corp. for $486 million along with its Parker Brothers unit, the maker of Monopoly, and Kenner Products. Milton Bradley and Parker Brothers were merged into one division. Alan moved to expand Hasbro overseas with new units in Greece, Hungary, and Mexico.[6]
Alan saw the Far East as an important market in which to expand. In 1992, Hasbro purchased Nomura Toys Ltd. in Japan, and majority ownership of Palmyra, a Southeast Asian toy distributor. These increased the proportion of international sales from 22% in 1985 to 45% ($1.28 billion) in 1995. In 1993, Hasbro lost its bid for J. W. Spear & Sons, a U.K.-based game maker, to Mattel.[6]
In the US, Hasbro's growth since 1980 were from acquisitions and the leveraging of the new assets. New product development was not as successful except for movie and TV tie-in product lines with Jurassic Park and Barney. Thus, US sales were stagnant in the early 1990s, falling from 1993 to 1995. To turn domestic performance around in 1994, Hasbro merged the Hasbro Toy, Playskool, Playskool Baby, Kenner, and Kid Dimension units into the Hasbro Toy Group. Meanwhile, Mattel purchased Fisher-Price and retook the top spot in the toy industry.[6]
Hasbro Interactive was started in 1995 and released the Monopoly game on CD-ROM. Mattel also proposed a merger that year, but was turned down by the Hasbro board in 1996 due to antitrust issues and Justice Department investigation into exclusionary policies between toy manufacturers and toy retailers, particularly Toys "R" Us.[6]
In 1998, Hasbro bought Avalon Hill for $6 million[11][12] and in 1999 Wizards of the Coast was bought in a deal worth $325 million.[13] Wizards of the Coast is now a subsidiary of Hasbro and has Avalon Hill as its division. In 2001 money-losing Hasbro Interactive was sold to Infogrames, a French software concern, for $100 million.[14] Hasbro entered the building block toy with its Built to Rule line in 2003, which did not hold together well or were too hard for the targeted age group, thus ended in 2005.[15]
In 2007, a workers' rights group investigated several of Hasbro's Chinese suppliers and found that, in one instance, a toy factory in China's Guangxi Province had hired 1000 junior high school students. The same group discovered other widespread labor violations, including unsafe working conditions, mandatory overtime, verbal abuse and sexual harassment of employees. Hasbro issued a statement, saying that it would "act swiftly and decisively in making any necessary changes" and had "increased the intensity of [its] ongoing safety review efforts." Critics pointed out that Hasbro had no official regulatory control of these factories. Hasbro responded by hiring independent auditors. These auditors make unannounced visits to the East Asian subcontractors. Factory managers have been coached in how to fool the auditors.[16]
In 2008, Hasbro acquired game maker Cranium, Inc. for $77.5 million. The deal was announced on January 4 and closed on January 25.[17][18][19]
Hasbro is collaborating with Discovery Communications on Hub Network, a new cable network which began on October 10, 2010. The venture proved successful in unexpected ways when the TV revival of the My Little Pony franchise, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, became the network's highest-rated program with not only its target demographic of young girls, but attracted an unexpectedly significant cult following[20] among teens and adults.[21] The Hub Network was rebranded as Discovery Family on October 13, 2014. Hasbro also produces Marvel Comics and Star Wars toys, having recently renewed this deal through at least 2020.[22]
Hasbro by April 2011 started up its 360 Manufacturing Services, a contract OEM game manufacturing operating out of Hasbro's USA plant.[23] After the Built to Rule, Hasbro relaunched into the building block area with the Kre-O line in late 2011 starting with some Transformer based sets.[15]
In 2012, Hasbro received a US$1.6 million tax credit from the state of Rhode Island with a promise to create 245 new jobs in the state. Instead they laid off more than 125 workers. This was followed in 2013 with further layoffs of North American workers, amounting to 10% of its salaried employees. Meanwhile, CEO, Brian Goldner signed a new five-year contract.[24][25][26] As of fiscal year 2012, CEO, Brian Goldner had a total calculated compensation of $9,684,285.[27] In July 2013, Backflip Studios sold a 70% stake in the company to Hasbro for $112 million in cash.[28]
On November 12, 2014, it was reported that Hasbro was in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation. The proposal reportedly calls for the combined company to take the name "DreamWorks-Hasbro" and for Jeffrey Katzenberg to become its chairman, but as a matter of policy, neither Hasbro nor DWA publicly comment on mergers and acquisitions.[29] Two days later, the talks were reported to have fallen through.[30]
On July 14, 2015, the company announced the intent to sell its last two factories in Ireland and East Longmeadow, Massachusetts factories (including its 360 Manufacturing Services) to Cartamundi which should close in sixty days. Hasbro signed a five-year deal with Cartamundi to produce their board games at the East Longmeadow plant.[31]
With Mattel adding two competing lines and other blunders and an expiration of the Disney Princess license at the end of 2015, Disney gave Hasbro a chance to gain the license given their work on Star Wars which led to a Descendants license. DCP was also attempting to evolve the brand from one of them less as damsels and more as heroines. In September 2014, Disney announced that Hasbro would be the licensed doll maker for the Disney Princess line starting on January 1, 2016.[32]
In July 2016, Hasbro acquired Dublin-based Boulder Media Limited and placed it under the control of its chief content officer.[33] Hasbro announced that it would launch its own convention, named HASCON, and featuring "all things Hasbro" in 2016, with the inaugural event being held at the Rhode Island Convention Center in September 2017.[34]
Controversy[edit]
In 2011, Greenpeace accused Hasbro of purchasing paper for its packaging from ancient forests in Indonesia. Hasbro changed its paper purchasing policy, earning the company praise from Greenpeace Executive Director Phil Radford, who said: "The new Hasbro policy will also increase the recycled and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified paper in its toy packaging. Hasbro's new commitments are great news for Indonesian rainforests and the people and wildlife that depend on them."[35]
There have also been criticisms of Hasbro for focusing some of its products on specific demographic groups. For example, in November 2012, a letter from a six-year-old Irish girl complaining about the lack of female characters in the guessing game Guess Who? spread widely on social media[24] and garnered attention in the press after the girl's mother posted the exchange on her blog.[36] News reports criticized Hasbro's response as missing the point of the letter and not "kid-friendly." Guess Who? has previously received complaints over gender and ethnic bias in its choice of 24 images.[24] Hasbro primarily sells toys directed at either the girl or boy markets. As such, there have been criticisms that Hasbro's toys reinforce gender stereotypes. For example, in December 2012, 13-year-old McKenna Pope started a campaign on Change.org, calling on the company to create a "boy-friendly" version of the popular Easy-Bake Oven and to feature boys on their packaging and materials.[37][38] Within a week, over 30,000 people signed her petition.[39] Hasbro was criticized for sexist product design when its 2015 Star Wars Monopoly board game failed to feature Rey, the female protagonist in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, while nonetheless including all of the supporting male characters. On January 5, 2016, Hasbro announced that Rey would be included in future versions - but only after much criticism. This move perplexed even the movie's director, J. J. Abrams, who reportedly said, "I read that Rey wasn’t in the Monopoly game and was quickly making phone calls about this because, if it were true - and it is true, and now Hasbro, of course, has said they’re going to put Rey in—it doesn’t quite make sense why she wouldn’t be there. She’s somewhat important in the story."[40]
On October 2, 2015, Lorraine Markham sued Hasbro for breach of contract for failure to pay royalties to her. She is seeking a declaration from the U.S. District Court in Providence that her husband, Bill Markham, was the sole creator of The Game of Life.[41]
Manufacture[edit]
Over the years, Hasbro has outsourced the manufacture of its products to third-party companies, mostly in China. At the Chinese factories, which Hasbro does not directly own or operate, migrant workers are compensated with meagre salaries for their labor. At one such factory, in Dongguan, China, basic assembly line jobs pay a little over one hundred US dollars per month,[42] China's minimum wage. A report released by China Labor Watch in 2014 revealed numerous abuses at Hasbro's Chinese supplier companies, including labor contract violations, excessive and illegal overtime, poor living conditions, environmental pollution, and more. The report was investigated by a congressional hearing in December 2014.[43][44]
Outside Asia, Hasbro owns and operates only two manufacturing facilities, one in Waterford, Ireland, the other in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts, USA. In recent years, the company has cut jobs at both plants in response to increasing competition from lower cost locations in China. At the end of 2006, for example, Hasbro's Irish division laid off more than one third of its workforce.[45]
Quality control[edit]
To ensure that their electronic devices are at high quality standards, Hasbro and other toy companies add a test mode to the electronic device which allows the manufacturing team and all parts of Hasbro to make sure that all the sounds are present, the moving parts and lights are working and that the electronic device powers off normally. Sometimes the hidden modes are removed from the game in the final product, but most of modern games from 2009 onwards can be accessed by a consumer.[46][47] The game's instructions mentions nothing about these hidden modes and Hasbro do not share details on how to get to their own manufacturer mode as they have said that giving test mode instructions to a consumer considered to be proprietary.
Impact[edit]
Hasbro was named by Fortune magazine as one of the top 100 companies to work for in 2013, citing that the "company enhanced its vacation policy by giving new employees three weeks off in their first year instead of having to wait five years."[48]
Subsidiaries[edit]

Funskool
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka
Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill (brand)
Mirrorstone Books


Hasbro Gaming
Hasbro Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios

Hasbro Films

Allspark Pictures


Cake Mix Studios


Discovery Family (40%)
Boulder Media Limited


Backflip Studios (70%)

Former[edit]

Claster Television
Empire Pencil
Galoob
Hasbro Interactive
Kenner Products
Larami (name is now retired and part of the Nerf brand)
Selchow and Righter
Wrebbit
Cranium, Inc.
Milton Bradley Company
Parker Brothers

Toys and games[edit]
Main article: List of Hasbro toys
Hasbro has several brands of toys and games aimed at different demographics. Some of its better-known toy lines (past and present) are:


Action Man
Battle Beasts
Beyblade
B-Daman
Cabbage Patch Kids (1989–1994)
Chibibotto
Easy-Bake Oven[49]
Furby (2005–present)
FurReal Friends (Furry Frenzies)
G.I. Joe
Hamtaro
Inhumanoids
Jem
Jurassic Park(1993-2017)
Kre-O
Lincoln Logs
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
M.A.S.K.
Marvel Legends
Maxie
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pokémon (1998–2005)
Pound Puppies
Sesame Street
Skedoodle[50]
Spirograph
Star Wars
Talk 'n Play
Tinkertoy
Tayo the Little Bus
Transformers
Visionaries: Knights of the Magical Light
Yo-Kai Watch
Zoids


Hasbro is the largest producer of board games in the world as a result of its component brands, such as Parker Brothers, Waddingtons, Milton Bradley, Wizards of the Coast, and Avalon Hill (all acquisitions since the 1980s). As a result, it has well known and top selling games such as:
Main article: List of Hasbro games


Axis & Allies
Battleship
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Cranium
Clue (Cluedo)
Diplomacy
Duel Masters Trading Card Game
Dungeons & Dragons (role-playing game)
The Game of Life
The Grape Escape
Magic: The Gathering
Mirror-Mirror (Winner of ITV1's "Design a Board Game Competition")
Monopoly (best selling board game ever according to the Guinness World Records)
Operation
Ouija
Pictionary (North America only, non-North American rights owned by Mattel)
Risk
Scrabble
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble (AKA Frustration and Kimble)


Hasbro also produces many variations of most of their games. For example, in addition to original Scrabble, the game is also available as "Scrabble Deluxe Edition", "Scrabble Deluxe Travel Edition","Scrabble Junior", and "Scrabble Onyx Edition".
Hasbro also offers games of physical skill such as:

Bop It
Jenga

They have also sold games in the past which are now discontinued but can be found from second hand markets which include:

Brain Warp and its sister products which include Brain Shift, Brain Bash, Death Star Escape, Hyperslide and Torx.
Bull's-Eye Ball

Hasbro also offers a memory game called Simon which involves memorising sequences of colors and lights.
In 1995, Hasbro began a short-lived video game development and publishing venture called Hasbro Interactive, but disbanded it in 2001 when it was bought by the now defunct Infogrames. Now Hasbro develops video games based on its brands through third-party developers and licensing strategies, notably with major American companies such as Activision, Electronic Arts, and THQ. Following the rise of smartphones and tablet PCs in the 2010s, as well as major video gaming publishers cutting back on releasing games based on licensed IPs for various reasons, such as economic slumps, several of Hasbro's brands were licensed towards mobile game developers such as Gameloft, releasing their games under the label Hasbro Gaming.
On February 25, 2005, Hasbro announced that it would be introducing a musical toothbrush to the market. The Tooth Tunes, released in early 2007, transmits music from the jawbone to the ear when the bristles touch the teeth.
Films and television[edit]
Further information: Hasbro Studios
See also[edit]

List of game manufacturers
Test mode



Companies portal
Toys portal
Rhode Island portal
United States portal


References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Company Financials Hasbro, Inc.". Google Finance. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ "HAS Profile - Hasbro, Inc. Stock - Yahoo Finance". 
^ http://corporate.hasbro.com/documents/Corporate_Fact_Sheet_November_2015.pdf
^ "Fun For Profit: The World's Nine Biggest Toy Companies". January 21, 2014. 
^ "History of Hasbro, Inc. – FundingUniverse". 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s "Hasbro, Inc. History". International Directory of Company Histories Vol. 16. St. James Press. Retrieved 6 February 2013. 
^ "Lawn Darts Are Banned and Should Be Destroyed". U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. 1997-05-15. Retrieved 2011-01-25. Pointed lawn darts, intended for use in an outdoor game, have been responsible for the deaths of three children. The most recent injury occurred last week in Elkhart, Ind., when a 7-year-old boy suffered a brain injury after a lawn dart pierced his skull. 
^ "Hasbro Bradley, Inc. v. Sparkle Toys, Inc., 780 F.2d 189 (2nd Cir. 1985)". 
^ "Company News; Hasbro in Accord For Coleco Lines". New York Times. July 12, 1988. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ "Company News; Hasbro's Purchase Of Coleco's Assets". New York Times. AP. July 13, 1989. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ Leffall, J. (August 5, 1998). "Monarch Avalon to sell game unit to Hasbro In wake of loss, local company to get $6 million in cash". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ L. de Rosa, Peter (Summer 2002). "The Fall of Avalon Hill". Academic Gaming Review. 4 (4). Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Hasbro to Acquire Wizards of the Coast". About.com. September 11, 1999. Retrieved January 4, 2008. 
^ Company News; Hasbro Completes Sale Of Interactive Business from The New York Times
^ a b "Hasbro pushes into Lego's land with new blocks". USA Today. Gannett Co. Inc. AP. February 13, 2011. Retrieved November 6, 2015. 
^ "U.S. Group Accuses Chinese Toy Factories of Labor Abuses" from The New York Times
^ "Hasbro Acquires Cranium". Boardgames.about.com. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ ""Hasbro Announces Agreement to Acquire Cranium, Inc." press release". Phx.corporate-ir.net. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ "No brainer: Hasbro buys Cranium". msnbc.com. 
^ Watercutter, Angela (2011-11-05). "Bronies' TV Spot Shows Changing Face of My Little Pony Herd". Wired. Retrieved 2012-11-05. 
^ Gennis, Sadie (July 31, 2013). "Give Bronies a Break! In Defense of Adult My Little Pony Fans". TV Guide. Retrieved September 23, 2014. 
^ "Hasbro Extends Disney Pact for Marvel, Star Wars Toys and Games". Variety. July 22, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Gottlieb, Richard (April 27, 2011). "Manufacturing your products in the USA; Hasbro steps up with a domestic contract manufacturing service". Global Toy News. Retrieved July 21, 2015. 
^ a b c "Guess Who's sexist? Classic board game's gender bias leaves six-year-old fuming from The Independent
^ Hasbro Continues To Lay Off Workers Despite Expansion Plans. GoLocalProv (2013-04-30). Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ "Six-year-old schools Hasbro on gender equality" from "Yahoo Games"
^ Brian Goldner: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek. Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ Patane, Matthew (July 9, 2013). "Boulder’s Backflip Studios sells majority stake to Hasbro". The Denver Post. Digital First Media. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ Lieberman, David; Patten, Dominic (November 12, 2014). "DreamWorks Animation & Hasbro In Merger Talks; Deal With Hearst Looming". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J.; Barnes, Brooks (November 14, 2014). "Hasbro Said to End Talks to Take Over DreamWorks Animation". New York Times. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ Kinney, Jim (July 14, 2015). "Hasbro to sell East Longmeadow plant to Belgian playing cards and games manufacturer". MassLive. The Republican. Retrieved July 14, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (December 17, 2015). "The $500 Million Battle Over Disney’s Princesses". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Schwindt, Oriana (July 13, 2016). "Hasbro Acquires Dublin-Based Animation Studio Boulder Media". Variety. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ Tsirbas, Christos (October 19, 2016). "Hasbro's HASCON Convention Celebrates My LIttle Pony, Transformers & More". CBR.com. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Phil Radford. "Hasbro Turns Over a New Leaf, Steps Up for Rainforests". Huffington Post. Retrieved 24 August 2011. 
^ "Hasbro knows all about selling to kids - and nothing much about talking to them" from "http://www.byjenniferoconnell.com"
^ "Teen starts campaign for gender neutral Easy Bake Oven" from Good Morning America
^ "Teen girl petitions Hasbro to market Easy Bake Oven also to boys" from the Los Angeles Times
^ Emanuella Grinberg, CNN (December 6, 2012). "Teen says pink toy ovens discourage boys from kitchen play". CNN. 
^ "J.J. Abrams addresses 'preposterous' lack of Rey toys for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'". January 9, 2016. 
^ "Complaint" (PDF). PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 November 2015. 
^ "Workers riot at Chinese factory producing Nerf toys for Hasbro" from USA Today
^ "Working Conditions and Factory Auditing in the Chinese Toy Industry". 
^ "Barbie, Mickey Mouse, Optimus Prime, Thomas the Tank Engine: Who Else Continues to Exploit Toy Workers?". 
^ "‘Painful and difficult’ decision as 140 jobs lost" from The Munster Express
^ "How to Access Bop It Shout Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "How to Access Bop It Beats Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Hasbro - Best Companies to Work For 2013 - Fortune". Money.cnn.com. 2013-02-04. Retrieved 2013-07-10. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Light Bulb Baking". ToyTales.ca. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Skedoodle". ToyTales.ca. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Hasbro: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe












v
t
e


Monopoly



History



History of Monopoly
Chance and Community Chest cards





Game designers
and early publishers



Elizabeth "Lizzie" Magie
Scott Nearing
Charles Darrow





Related games



Anti-Monopoly
The Landlord's Game
Easy Money
Finance





Hasbro Monopoly
and licensees



Monopoly
Parker Brothers
Milton Bradley
Hasbro
Waddingtons
Winning Moves
Get Out of Jail Free card
Rich Uncle Pennybags
Monopoly money





Modern variants



Licensed and localized editions
My Monopoly
Monopoly: The Mega Edition
Monopoly City





Spin-off games





Board/dice games




Monopoly Junior
Advance to Boardwalk
Don't Go to Jail (Monopoly Express)






Card games




Free Parking
Waterworks
Monopoly: The Card Game
Express Monopoly
Monopoly Deal








Monopoly on television



1990 game show
Monopoly Millionaires' Club
Family Game Night





Monopoly metaphors
and idioms



"Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200."
"Get Out of Jail Free card"
"Monopoly money"





See also



Ralph Anspach
McDonald's Monopoly
Late for the Sky
Pinball game
Monopoly Tycoon
Monopoly Party
Video games
London Monopoly locations
Monopoly City Streets
The Mad Magazine Game
Monopoly Millionaires' Club












v
t
e


Superhero toy lines



DC



Batman
Batman action figures
Batman: Total Justice
Batman Unlimited
DC Comics Super Hero Collection
DC Direct
DC Minimates
DC Superheroes
DC Super Hero Girls
DC Universe
DC Universe All-Stars
DC Universe Classics
Justice League Unlimited
Lego Batman
Movie Masters
Super Powers Collection





Marvel



The Classic Marvel Figurine Collection
Hulk Classics
Iron Man: The Armored Avenger
Marvel Legends
Marvel Legends Showdown
Marvel Minimates
Marvel Select
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Mega Morphs
Secret Wars
Spider-Man and Friends
Spider-Man Classics
Thor: The Mighty Avenger
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Classics
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Other



Captain Action
The Centurions
Masters of the Universe
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
ThunderCats
Toxic Crusaders
Transformers





Manufacturers



Bandai Namco (Bandai)
Diamond Select Toys
Hasbro
Kenner Products
LJN
Marvel Toys
Mattel
McFarlane Toys
Mego
National Entertainment Collectibles Association
Palisades Toys
Playmates Toys
Remco
Takara Tomy





Designers



Art Asylum
Four Horsemen Studios





News



2007 Chinese export recalls
Toy Biz, Inc. v. United States












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hasbro&oldid=791899552"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQHasbro1923 establishments in Rhode IslandAmerican companies established in 1923Toy brandsToy companies of the United StatesDoll manufacturing companiesGame manufacturersMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies established in 1923Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange3D publishingHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from June 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Articles with unsourced statements from February 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어हिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 04:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hasbro - Wikipedia






















 






Hasbro

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hassenfeld Brothers)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Hasbro, Inc.





Formerly called

Hassenfeld Brothers
Hasbro Bradley



Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: HAS
NASDAQ-100 component
S&P 500 component





Industry



Toys
Entertainment





Founded
December 6, 1923; 93 years ago (1923-12-06) (as Hassenfeld Brothers)


Founder



Henry Hassenfeld
Hillel Hassenfeld
Herman Hassenfeld





Headquarters
Pawtucket, Rhode Island, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Brian Goldner (Chairman & CEO)
Deborah Thomas (CFO)
John Frascotti (President)
Duncan J. Billing (EVP, Global Operations and Business Development)





Products



Toys
Puzzles
Board games
War games
RPG
Sports equipment





Brands



Milton Bradley
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tonka





Revenue
 US$5.01 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$788.05 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$551.38 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 5.09 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$1.86 billion (2016)[1]


Owner
Alan G. Hassenfeld (7.82%)



Number of employees

5,000 (2017)[2][3]


Divisions
Hasbro Gaming


Subsidiaries



Hasbro Studios
Tiger Electronics
Wizards of the Coast
Boulder Media Limited





Website
hasbro.com


Hasbro, Inc. (/ˈhæzbroʊ/; an abbreviation of its original name, Hassenfeld Brothers) is an American multinational toy and board game company. Hasbro is the third largest toy maker in the world with revenues of approximately $4.45 billion.[4] Hasbro acquired the trademarks and products of Kenner, Parker Brothers and Milton Bradley, among others. Among its toy and game products are the iconic Monopoly board game, G.I. Joe figurine, Furby electronic stuffed animal, Transformers mechanical toys and My Little Pony. The Hasbro brand also spawned TV shows, such as Family Game Night on the Discovery Family network, to promote its products. The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The majority of its products are manufactured in East Asia.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Hassenfeld Brothers
1.2 Hasbro Industries
1.3 Hasbro


2 Controversy
3 Manufacture

3.1 Quality control


4 Impact
5 Subsidiaries

5.1 Former


6 Toys and games
7 Films and television
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Hassenfeld Brothers[edit]
In 1923, three brothers named Herman, Hillel and Henry Hassenfeld[5] founded Hassenfeld Brothers, a company selling textile remnants, in Providence, Rhode Island. Over the next two decades, the company expanded to produce pencil cases and school supplies. In 1926, Hassenfeld Brothers was incorporated, with Hillel leaving for another textile business while Henry took charge of the corporation. With cost of pencils rising and their pencil supplier making pencil cases, the Hassenfelds began making their own pencils, becoming a source of funding for future lines.[6]
In the 1940s, Hassenfeld Brothers produced doctor and nurse kits, its first toys, and modeling clay, becoming primarily a toy company by 1942. With Hillel's death in 1943, Henry Hassenfeld became CEO while his son, Merrill, became president. The company entered the plastic fields during World War II to support its toy line.[6] Hassenfeld Brothers' first toy hit was Mr. Potato Head,[6] which the company purchased from George Lerner in 1952. The toy was a smash success. In 1954, the company became a Disney major licensee.[6]
In 1960, Henry died and Merrill took over the parent company and his older brother Harold ran the pencil-making business, Empire Pencil. Hassenfeld Brothers expanded to Canada with Hassenfeld Brothers (Canada) Ltd. in 1961. The company was approached in 1963 to license a toy based on The Lieutenant, which they turned down because they did not want to be tied to a possibly short-lived television series. Instead, in 1964, Hassenfeld Brothers produced the G.I. Joe toy, which they termed an "action figure" in order to market the toy to boys who wouldn't want to play with "dolls." In 1964 and 1965, G.I. Joe accounted for two-thirds of Hassenfeld's sales.[6]
Hasbro Industries[edit]
Having previously sold toys under the Hasbro trade name, the company shortened its name to Hasbro Industries in 1968 and sold a minor stake in the corporation to the public.
With the unpopular Vietnam War at its height in 1969, Hasbro redesigned GI Joe to be less militaristic and more adventure oriented.[6] Its promotional efforts included the catchphrase "Boy Oh Boy! It's A Hasbro Toy!" in television commercials and print ads.[citation needed] Also in 1969 Hasbro bought Burt Claster Enterprises, which produced "Romper Room" and had just begun a Romper Room toy line. A month-long teamsters strike and far eastern supplier troubles caused the company to have a $1 million loss for the year.[6]
In 1970, Hasbro began a plan of diversification and opened the Romper Room Nursery School franchise chain to cash in on President Richard M. Nixon's Family Assistance Plan which subsidized day care for working mothers. By 1975, the company had ended the nursery chain. Hasbro also entered the cookware field with the Galloping Gourmet line based on a contemporary television cooking show. With an attack of termites on the line's salad bowls, the line collapsed.
Two new 1970s toys were public relations disasters. One of the toys was named Javelin Darts which were similar to the ancient Roman plumbata. On December 19, 1988, the Consumer Product Safety Commission banned lawn darts from sale in the United States due to their hazards as a flying projectile with a sharp metal point causing multiple deaths.[7] The other toy was named The Hypo-Squirt, a hypodermic needle shaped water gun tagged by the press as a "junior junkie" kit. Both were recalled. While Romper Room and its toy line had continued success, Action for Children's Television citizens group considered the program as an advertising channel for toys.[6]
Merrill Hassenfeld took over as CEO in 1974 with his son, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, becoming president. The company became profitable once again, but had mixed results due to cash flow problems from increasing the number of toys in the line to offset G.I. Joe's declining sales. In 1975, the G.I. Joe line was ended by Hasbro, caused by the rising price of plastic via its raw material and crude oil's increasing prices. In 1977, Hasbro's losses were $2.5 million and the company held a large debt load. That same year, Hasbro acquired Peanuts cartoon characters licensing rights. With the financial situation poor, Hasbro's bankers made the company temporarily stop dividend payments in early 1979. The toy division's losses increased Harold Hassenfeld's resentment regarding the company's treatment of the Empire Pencil subsidiary as Empire received lower levels of capital spending to profits than did the toy division. With Merrill's death in 1979, Harold did not recognize Stephen's authority as the successor to the chairman & CEO position. As a solution, Hasbro spun off Empire Pencil in 1980, then the nation's largest pencil maker with Harold trading his Hasbro shares for those of Empire. Stephen then became both the CEO and chairman of the board. Between 1978 and 1981, Stephen reduced the Hasbro product line by one-third and its new products by one-half. Hasbro focused on simple, low cost, longer life cycle toys like Mr. Potato Head. Hasbro thus stayed out of the electronic games field which went bust in the early 1980s.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro revived its G.I. Joe line—with the help of Marvel Comics—as an anti-terrorist commando based on current events. The company launched the successful Transformers toy line along with a children's animated TV series two years later. With the toys and TV Series being popular, Stephen Hassenfeld posed with the toys for a People magazine cover photo.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro produced another successful toy franchise, My Little Pony.[citation needed] In 1983, Hasbro purchased GLENCO Infant Items, a manufacturer of infant products and the world's largest bib producer and Knickerbocker Toy Company, a Warner Communications struggling subsidiary. Hasbro paid Warner with 37 percent of its own stock—paid into a Hasbro executive control voting trust—and also received a cash infusion. In 1984, Alan Hassenfeld took over as president from his brother Stephen, who continued as CEO and chairman. That same year, the company (then the nation's sixth-best-selling toymaker) acquired the Milton Bradley Company (then the nation's fifth bestselling toymaker), bringing The Game of Life, Twister, Easy Money and Playskool into the Hasbro fold and transforming Hasbro into Hasbro Bradley. Stephen Hassenfeld became the merged company's president and CEO with Milton Bradley chief James Shea Jr. taking the chairman position. However, the executives clashed and Shea left after a few months, and Stephen and Alan returned to their previous positions.[6]
Hasbro[edit]
In 1985, the company changed its name again to just Hasbro, Inc.[6] The Jumpstarters toys were the subject of a lawsuit in 1985 when Hasbro sued a toy manufacturer for selling toys based on their Transformers design. Hasbro won the suit.[8]
In the mid-1980s, Hasbro moved past Mattel to become the world's largest toy company. Hasbro then moved to outsell Mattel's Barbie in the fashion doll market with the 1986 introduction of Jem, a record producer/rock musician dual identity fashion doll. Initially posting strong sales, Jem plummeted and was withdrawn from the market in 1987. Hasbro followed up in 1988 with Maxie, a Barbie-sized blonde doll, so Barbie clothing and accessories would fit. Maxie lasted until 1990.[6]
Under Alan's initiative in the late 1980s, Hasbro moved to increase international sales by taking US market failed toys overseas and selling them for as much as four times the original price. This increased international sales from $268 million in 1985 to $433 million in 1988.[6]
In 1988, Hasbro purchased part of Coleco Industries' indoor and outdoor children's furniture and ride-on toy product lines for $21 million including two just closed manufacturing plants in Amsterdam, N.Y.[9] In July 1989, Hasbro acquired bankrupt Coleco for $85 million.[10] Stephen Hassenfeld died later that year with the company having gone from sales of $104 million in the year he took control to 1989 sales of over $1.4 billion.[6]
Alan succeeded Stephen as chairman and CEO. In 1991, Hasbro purchased Tonka Corp. for $486 million along with its Parker Brothers unit, the maker of Monopoly, and Kenner Products. Milton Bradley and Parker Brothers were merged into one division. Alan moved to expand Hasbro overseas with new units in Greece, Hungary, and Mexico.[6]
Alan saw the Far East as an important market in which to expand. In 1992, Hasbro purchased Nomura Toys Ltd. in Japan, and majority ownership of Palmyra, a Southeast Asian toy distributor. These increased the proportion of international sales from 22% in 1985 to 45% ($1.28 billion) in 1995. In 1993, Hasbro lost its bid for J. W. Spear & Sons, a U.K.-based game maker, to Mattel.[6]
In the US, Hasbro's growth since 1980 were from acquisitions and the leveraging of the new assets. New product development was not as successful except for movie and TV tie-in product lines with Jurassic Park and Barney. Thus, US sales were stagnant in the early 1990s, falling from 1993 to 1995. To turn domestic performance around in 1994, Hasbro merged the Hasbro Toy, Playskool, Playskool Baby, Kenner, and Kid Dimension units into the Hasbro Toy Group. Meanwhile, Mattel purchased Fisher-Price and retook the top spot in the toy industry.[6]
Hasbro Interactive was started in 1995 and released the Monopoly game on CD-ROM. Mattel also proposed a merger that year, but was turned down by the Hasbro board in 1996 due to antitrust issues and Justice Department investigation into exclusionary policies between toy manufacturers and toy retailers, particularly Toys "R" Us.[6]
In 1998, Hasbro bought Avalon Hill for $6 million[11][12] and in 1999 Wizards of the Coast was bought in a deal worth $325 million.[13] Wizards of the Coast is now a subsidiary of Hasbro and has Avalon Hill as its division. In 2001 money-losing Hasbro Interactive was sold to Infogrames, a French software concern, for $100 million.[14] Hasbro entered the building block toy with its Built to Rule line in 2003, which did not hold together well or were too hard for the targeted age group, thus ended in 2005.[15]
In 2007, a workers' rights group investigated several of Hasbro's Chinese suppliers and found that, in one instance, a toy factory in China's Guangxi Province had hired 1000 junior high school students. The same group discovered other widespread labor violations, including unsafe working conditions, mandatory overtime, verbal abuse and sexual harassment of employees. Hasbro issued a statement, saying that it would "act swiftly and decisively in making any necessary changes" and had "increased the intensity of [its] ongoing safety review efforts." Critics pointed out that Hasbro had no official regulatory control of these factories. Hasbro responded by hiring independent auditors. These auditors make unannounced visits to the East Asian subcontractors. Factory managers have been coached in how to fool the auditors.[16]
In 2008, Hasbro acquired game maker Cranium, Inc. for $77.5 million. The deal was announced on January 4 and closed on January 25.[17][18][19]
Hasbro is collaborating with Discovery Communications on Hub Network, a new cable network which began on October 10, 2010. The venture proved successful in unexpected ways when the TV revival of the My Little Pony franchise, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, became the network's highest-rated program with not only its target demographic of young girls, but attracted an unexpectedly significant cult following[20] among teens and adults.[21] The Hub Network was rebranded as Discovery Family on October 13, 2014. Hasbro also produces Marvel Comics and Star Wars toys, having recently renewed this deal through at least 2020.[22]
Hasbro by April 2011 started up its 360 Manufacturing Services, a contract OEM game manufacturing operating out of Hasbro's USA plant.[23] After the Built to Rule, Hasbro relaunched into the building block area with the Kre-O line in late 2011 starting with some Transformer based sets.[15]
In 2012, Hasbro received a US$1.6 million tax credit from the state of Rhode Island with a promise to create 245 new jobs in the state. Instead they laid off more than 125 workers. This was followed in 2013 with further layoffs of North American workers, amounting to 10% of its salaried employees. Meanwhile, CEO, Brian Goldner signed a new five-year contract.[24][25][26] As of fiscal year 2012, CEO, Brian Goldner had a total calculated compensation of $9,684,285.[27] In July 2013, Backflip Studios sold a 70% stake in the company to Hasbro for $112 million in cash.[28]
On November 12, 2014, it was reported that Hasbro was in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation. The proposal reportedly calls for the combined company to take the name "DreamWorks-Hasbro" and for Jeffrey Katzenberg to become its chairman, but as a matter of policy, neither Hasbro nor DWA publicly comment on mergers and acquisitions.[29] Two days later, the talks were reported to have fallen through.[30]
On July 14, 2015, the company announced the intent to sell its last two factories in Ireland and East Longmeadow, Massachusetts factories (including its 360 Manufacturing Services) to Cartamundi which should close in sixty days. Hasbro signed a five-year deal with Cartamundi to produce their board games at the East Longmeadow plant.[31]
With Mattel adding two competing lines and other blunders and an expiration of the Disney Princess license at the end of 2015, Disney gave Hasbro a chance to gain the license given their work on Star Wars which led to a Descendants license. DCP was also attempting to evolve the brand from one of them less as damsels and more as heroines. In September 2014, Disney announced that Hasbro would be the licensed doll maker for the Disney Princess line starting on January 1, 2016.[32]
In July 2016, Hasbro acquired Dublin-based Boulder Media Limited and placed it under the control of its chief content officer.[33] Hasbro announced that it would launch its own convention, named HASCON, and featuring "all things Hasbro" in 2016, with the inaugural event being held at the Rhode Island Convention Center in September 2017.[34]
Controversy[edit]
In 2011, Greenpeace accused Hasbro of purchasing paper for its packaging from ancient forests in Indonesia. Hasbro changed its paper purchasing policy, earning the company praise from Greenpeace Executive Director Phil Radford, who said: "The new Hasbro policy will also increase the recycled and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified paper in its toy packaging. Hasbro's new commitments are great news for Indonesian rainforests and the people and wildlife that depend on them."[35]
There have also been criticisms of Hasbro for focusing some of its products on specific demographic groups. For example, in November 2012, a letter from a six-year-old Irish girl complaining about the lack of female characters in the guessing game Guess Who? spread widely on social media[24] and garnered attention in the press after the girl's mother posted the exchange on her blog.[36] News reports criticized Hasbro's response as missing the point of the letter and not "kid-friendly." Guess Who? has previously received complaints over gender and ethnic bias in its choice of 24 images.[24] Hasbro primarily sells toys directed at either the girl or boy markets. As such, there have been criticisms that Hasbro's toys reinforce gender stereotypes. For example, in December 2012, 13-year-old McKenna Pope started a campaign on Change.org, calling on the company to create a "boy-friendly" version of the popular Easy-Bake Oven and to feature boys on their packaging and materials.[37][38] Within a week, over 30,000 people signed her petition.[39] Hasbro was criticized for sexist product design when its 2015 Star Wars Monopoly board game failed to feature Rey, the female protagonist in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, while nonetheless including all of the supporting male characters. On January 5, 2016, Hasbro announced that Rey would be included in future versions - but only after much criticism. This move perplexed even the movie's director, J. J. Abrams, who reportedly said, "I read that Rey wasn’t in the Monopoly game and was quickly making phone calls about this because, if it were true - and it is true, and now Hasbro, of course, has said they’re going to put Rey in—it doesn’t quite make sense why she wouldn’t be there. She’s somewhat important in the story."[40]
On October 2, 2015, Lorraine Markham sued Hasbro for breach of contract for failure to pay royalties to her. She is seeking a declaration from the U.S. District Court in Providence that her husband, Bill Markham, was the sole creator of The Game of Life.[41]
Manufacture[edit]
Over the years, Hasbro has outsourced the manufacture of its products to third-party companies, mostly in China. At the Chinese factories, which Hasbro does not directly own or operate, migrant workers are compensated with meagre salaries for their labor. At one such factory, in Dongguan, China, basic assembly line jobs pay a little over one hundred US dollars per month,[42] China's minimum wage. A report released by China Labor Watch in 2014 revealed numerous abuses at Hasbro's Chinese supplier companies, including labor contract violations, excessive and illegal overtime, poor living conditions, environmental pollution, and more. The report was investigated by a congressional hearing in December 2014.[43][44]
Outside Asia, Hasbro owns and operates only two manufacturing facilities, one in Waterford, Ireland, the other in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts, USA. In recent years, the company has cut jobs at both plants in response to increasing competition from lower cost locations in China. At the end of 2006, for example, Hasbro's Irish division laid off more than one third of its workforce.[45]
Quality control[edit]
To ensure that their electronic devices are at high quality standards, Hasbro and other toy companies add a test mode to the electronic device which allows the manufacturing team and all parts of Hasbro to make sure that all the sounds are present, the moving parts and lights are working and that the electronic device powers off normally. Sometimes the hidden modes are removed from the game in the final product, but most of modern games from 2009 onwards can be accessed by a consumer.[46][47] The game's instructions mentions nothing about these hidden modes and Hasbro do not share details on how to get to their own manufacturer mode as they have said that giving test mode instructions to a consumer considered to be proprietary.
Impact[edit]
Hasbro was named by Fortune magazine as one of the top 100 companies to work for in 2013, citing that the "company enhanced its vacation policy by giving new employees three weeks off in their first year instead of having to wait five years."[48]
Subsidiaries[edit]

Funskool
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka
Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill (brand)
Mirrorstone Books


Hasbro Gaming
Hasbro Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios

Hasbro Films

Allspark Pictures


Cake Mix Studios


Discovery Family (40%)
Boulder Media Limited


Backflip Studios (70%)

Former[edit]

Claster Television
Empire Pencil
Galoob
Hasbro Interactive
Kenner Products
Larami (name is now retired and part of the Nerf brand)
Selchow and Righter
Wrebbit
Cranium, Inc.
Milton Bradley Company
Parker Brothers

Toys and games[edit]
Main article: List of Hasbro toys
Hasbro has several brands of toys and games aimed at different demographics. Some of its better-known toy lines (past and present) are:


Action Man
Battle Beasts
Beyblade
B-Daman
Cabbage Patch Kids (1989–1994)
Chibibotto
Easy-Bake Oven[49]
Furby (2005–present)
FurReal Friends (Furry Frenzies)
G.I. Joe
Hamtaro
Inhumanoids
Jem
Jurassic Park(1993-2017)
Kre-O
Lincoln Logs
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
M.A.S.K.
Marvel Legends
Maxie
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pokémon (1998–2005)
Pound Puppies
Sesame Street
Skedoodle[50]
Spirograph
Star Wars
Talk 'n Play
Tinkertoy
Tayo the Little Bus
Transformers
Visionaries: Knights of the Magical Light
Yo-Kai Watch
Zoids


Hasbro is the largest producer of board games in the world as a result of its component brands, such as Parker Brothers, Waddingtons, Milton Bradley, Wizards of the Coast, and Avalon Hill (all acquisitions since the 1980s). As a result, it has well known and top selling games such as:
Main article: List of Hasbro games


Axis & Allies
Battleship
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Cranium
Clue (Cluedo)
Diplomacy
Duel Masters Trading Card Game
Dungeons & Dragons (role-playing game)
The Game of Life
The Grape Escape
Magic: The Gathering
Mirror-Mirror (Winner of ITV1's "Design a Board Game Competition")
Monopoly (best selling board game ever according to the Guinness World Records)
Operation
Ouija
Pictionary (North America only, non-North American rights owned by Mattel)
Risk
Scrabble
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble (AKA Frustration and Kimble)


Hasbro also produces many variations of most of their games. For example, in addition to original Scrabble, the game is also available as "Scrabble Deluxe Edition", "Scrabble Deluxe Travel Edition","Scrabble Junior", and "Scrabble Onyx Edition".
Hasbro also offers games of physical skill such as:

Bop It
Jenga

They have also sold games in the past which are now discontinued but can be found from second hand markets which include:

Brain Warp and its sister products which include Brain Shift, Brain Bash, Death Star Escape, Hyperslide and Torx.
Bull's-Eye Ball

Hasbro also offers a memory game called Simon which involves memorising sequences of colors and lights.
In 1995, Hasbro began a short-lived video game development and publishing venture called Hasbro Interactive, but disbanded it in 2001 when it was bought by the now defunct Infogrames. Now Hasbro develops video games based on its brands through third-party developers and licensing strategies, notably with major American companies such as Activision, Electronic Arts, and THQ. Following the rise of smartphones and tablet PCs in the 2010s, as well as major video gaming publishers cutting back on releasing games based on licensed IPs for various reasons, such as economic slumps, several of Hasbro's brands were licensed towards mobile game developers such as Gameloft, releasing their games under the label Hasbro Gaming.
On February 25, 2005, Hasbro announced that it would be introducing a musical toothbrush to the market. The Tooth Tunes, released in early 2007, transmits music from the jawbone to the ear when the bristles touch the teeth.
Films and television[edit]
Further information: Hasbro Studios
See also[edit]

List of game manufacturers
Test mode



Companies portal
Toys portal
Rhode Island portal
United States portal


References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Company Financials Hasbro, Inc.". Google Finance. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ "HAS Profile - Hasbro, Inc. Stock - Yahoo Finance". 
^ http://corporate.hasbro.com/documents/Corporate_Fact_Sheet_November_2015.pdf
^ "Fun For Profit: The World's Nine Biggest Toy Companies". January 21, 2014. 
^ "History of Hasbro, Inc. – FundingUniverse". 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s "Hasbro, Inc. History". International Directory of Company Histories Vol. 16. St. James Press. Retrieved 6 February 2013. 
^ "Lawn Darts Are Banned and Should Be Destroyed". U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. 1997-05-15. Retrieved 2011-01-25. Pointed lawn darts, intended for use in an outdoor game, have been responsible for the deaths of three children. The most recent injury occurred last week in Elkhart, Ind., when a 7-year-old boy suffered a brain injury after a lawn dart pierced his skull. 
^ "Hasbro Bradley, Inc. v. Sparkle Toys, Inc., 780 F.2d 189 (2nd Cir. 1985)". 
^ "Company News; Hasbro in Accord For Coleco Lines". New York Times. July 12, 1988. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ "Company News; Hasbro's Purchase Of Coleco's Assets". New York Times. AP. July 13, 1989. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ Leffall, J. (August 5, 1998). "Monarch Avalon to sell game unit to Hasbro In wake of loss, local company to get $6 million in cash". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ L. de Rosa, Peter (Summer 2002). "The Fall of Avalon Hill". Academic Gaming Review. 4 (4). Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Hasbro to Acquire Wizards of the Coast". About.com. September 11, 1999. Retrieved January 4, 2008. 
^ Company News; Hasbro Completes Sale Of Interactive Business from The New York Times
^ a b "Hasbro pushes into Lego's land with new blocks". USA Today. Gannett Co. Inc. AP. February 13, 2011. Retrieved November 6, 2015. 
^ "U.S. Group Accuses Chinese Toy Factories of Labor Abuses" from The New York Times
^ "Hasbro Acquires Cranium". Boardgames.about.com. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ ""Hasbro Announces Agreement to Acquire Cranium, Inc." press release". Phx.corporate-ir.net. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ "No brainer: Hasbro buys Cranium". msnbc.com. 
^ Watercutter, Angela (2011-11-05). "Bronies' TV Spot Shows Changing Face of My Little Pony Herd". Wired. Retrieved 2012-11-05. 
^ Gennis, Sadie (July 31, 2013). "Give Bronies a Break! In Defense of Adult My Little Pony Fans". TV Guide. Retrieved September 23, 2014. 
^ "Hasbro Extends Disney Pact for Marvel, Star Wars Toys and Games". Variety. July 22, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Gottlieb, Richard (April 27, 2011). "Manufacturing your products in the USA; Hasbro steps up with a domestic contract manufacturing service". Global Toy News. Retrieved July 21, 2015. 
^ a b c "Guess Who's sexist? Classic board game's gender bias leaves six-year-old fuming from The Independent
^ Hasbro Continues To Lay Off Workers Despite Expansion Plans. GoLocalProv (2013-04-30). Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ "Six-year-old schools Hasbro on gender equality" from "Yahoo Games"
^ Brian Goldner: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek. Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ Patane, Matthew (July 9, 2013). "Boulder’s Backflip Studios sells majority stake to Hasbro". The Denver Post. Digital First Media. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ Lieberman, David; Patten, Dominic (November 12, 2014). "DreamWorks Animation & Hasbro In Merger Talks; Deal With Hearst Looming". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J.; Barnes, Brooks (November 14, 2014). "Hasbro Said to End Talks to Take Over DreamWorks Animation". New York Times. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ Kinney, Jim (July 14, 2015). "Hasbro to sell East Longmeadow plant to Belgian playing cards and games manufacturer". MassLive. The Republican. Retrieved July 14, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (December 17, 2015). "The $500 Million Battle Over Disney’s Princesses". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Schwindt, Oriana (July 13, 2016). "Hasbro Acquires Dublin-Based Animation Studio Boulder Media". Variety. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ Tsirbas, Christos (October 19, 2016). "Hasbro's HASCON Convention Celebrates My LIttle Pony, Transformers & More". CBR.com. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Phil Radford. "Hasbro Turns Over a New Leaf, Steps Up for Rainforests". Huffington Post. Retrieved 24 August 2011. 
^ "Hasbro knows all about selling to kids - and nothing much about talking to them" from "http://www.byjenniferoconnell.com"
^ "Teen starts campaign for gender neutral Easy Bake Oven" from Good Morning America
^ "Teen girl petitions Hasbro to market Easy Bake Oven also to boys" from the Los Angeles Times
^ Emanuella Grinberg, CNN (December 6, 2012). "Teen says pink toy ovens discourage boys from kitchen play". CNN. 
^ "J.J. Abrams addresses 'preposterous' lack of Rey toys for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'". January 9, 2016. 
^ "Complaint" (PDF). PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 November 2015. 
^ "Workers riot at Chinese factory producing Nerf toys for Hasbro" from USA Today
^ "Working Conditions and Factory Auditing in the Chinese Toy Industry". 
^ "Barbie, Mickey Mouse, Optimus Prime, Thomas the Tank Engine: Who Else Continues to Exploit Toy Workers?". 
^ "‘Painful and difficult’ decision as 140 jobs lost" from The Munster Express
^ "How to Access Bop It Shout Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "How to Access Bop It Beats Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Hasbro - Best Companies to Work For 2013 - Fortune". Money.cnn.com. 2013-02-04. Retrieved 2013-07-10. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Light Bulb Baking". ToyTales.ca. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Skedoodle". ToyTales.ca. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Hasbro: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe












v
t
e


Monopoly



History



History of Monopoly
Chance and Community Chest cards





Game designers
and early publishers



Elizabeth "Lizzie" Magie
Scott Nearing
Charles Darrow





Related games



Anti-Monopoly
The Landlord's Game
Easy Money
Finance





Hasbro Monopoly
and licensees



Monopoly
Parker Brothers
Milton Bradley
Hasbro
Waddingtons
Winning Moves
Get Out of Jail Free card
Rich Uncle Pennybags
Monopoly money





Modern variants



Licensed and localized editions
My Monopoly
Monopoly: The Mega Edition
Monopoly City





Spin-off games





Board/dice games




Monopoly Junior
Advance to Boardwalk
Don't Go to Jail (Monopoly Express)






Card games




Free Parking
Waterworks
Monopoly: The Card Game
Express Monopoly
Monopoly Deal








Monopoly on television



1990 game show
Monopoly Millionaires' Club
Family Game Night





Monopoly metaphors
and idioms



"Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200."
"Get Out of Jail Free card"
"Monopoly money"





See also



Ralph Anspach
McDonald's Monopoly
Late for the Sky
Pinball game
Monopoly Tycoon
Monopoly Party
Video games
London Monopoly locations
Monopoly City Streets
The Mad Magazine Game
Monopoly Millionaires' Club












v
t
e


Superhero toy lines



DC



Batman
Batman action figures
Batman: Total Justice
Batman Unlimited
DC Comics Super Hero Collection
DC Direct
DC Minimates
DC Superheroes
DC Super Hero Girls
DC Universe
DC Universe All-Stars
DC Universe Classics
Justice League Unlimited
Lego Batman
Movie Masters
Super Powers Collection





Marvel



The Classic Marvel Figurine Collection
Hulk Classics
Iron Man: The Armored Avenger
Marvel Legends
Marvel Legends Showdown
Marvel Minimates
Marvel Select
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Mega Morphs
Secret Wars
Spider-Man and Friends
Spider-Man Classics
Thor: The Mighty Avenger
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Classics
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Other



Captain Action
The Centurions
Masters of the Universe
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
ThunderCats
Toxic Crusaders
Transformers





Manufacturers



Bandai Namco (Bandai)
Diamond Select Toys
Hasbro
Kenner Products
LJN
Marvel Toys
Mattel
McFarlane Toys
Mego
National Entertainment Collectibles Association
Palisades Toys
Playmates Toys
Remco
Takara Tomy





Designers



Art Asylum
Four Horsemen Studios





News



2007 Chinese export recalls
Toy Biz, Inc. v. United States












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hasbro&oldid=791899552"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQHasbro1923 establishments in Rhode IslandAmerican companies established in 1923Toy brandsToy companies of the United StatesDoll manufacturing companiesGame manufacturersMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies established in 1923Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange3D publishingHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from June 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Articles with unsourced statements from February 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어हिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 04:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hasbro - Wikipedia






















 






Hasbro

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hassenfeld Brothers)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Hasbro, Inc.





Formerly called

Hassenfeld Brothers
Hasbro Bradley



Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: HAS
NASDAQ-100 component
S&P 500 component





Industry



Toys
Entertainment





Founded
December 6, 1923; 93 years ago (1923-12-06) (as Hassenfeld Brothers)


Founder



Henry Hassenfeld
Hillel Hassenfeld
Herman Hassenfeld





Headquarters
Pawtucket, Rhode Island, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Brian Goldner (Chairman & CEO)
Deborah Thomas (CFO)
John Frascotti (President)
Duncan J. Billing (EVP, Global Operations and Business Development)





Products



Toys
Puzzles
Board games
War games
RPG
Sports equipment





Brands



Milton Bradley
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tonka





Revenue
 US$5.01 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$788.05 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$551.38 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 5.09 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$1.86 billion (2016)[1]


Owner
Alan G. Hassenfeld (7.82%)



Number of employees

5,000 (2017)[2][3]


Divisions
Hasbro Gaming


Subsidiaries



Hasbro Studios
Tiger Electronics
Wizards of the Coast
Boulder Media Limited





Website
hasbro.com


Hasbro, Inc. (/ˈhæzbroʊ/; an abbreviation of its original name, Hassenfeld Brothers) is an American multinational toy and board game company. Hasbro is the third largest toy maker in the world with revenues of approximately $4.45 billion.[4] Hasbro acquired the trademarks and products of Kenner, Parker Brothers and Milton Bradley, among others. Among its toy and game products are the iconic Monopoly board game, G.I. Joe figurine, Furby electronic stuffed animal, Transformers mechanical toys and My Little Pony. The Hasbro brand also spawned TV shows, such as Family Game Night on the Discovery Family network, to promote its products. The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The majority of its products are manufactured in East Asia.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Hassenfeld Brothers
1.2 Hasbro Industries
1.3 Hasbro


2 Controversy
3 Manufacture

3.1 Quality control


4 Impact
5 Subsidiaries

5.1 Former


6 Toys and games
7 Films and television
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Hassenfeld Brothers[edit]
In 1923, three brothers named Herman, Hillel and Henry Hassenfeld[5] founded Hassenfeld Brothers, a company selling textile remnants, in Providence, Rhode Island. Over the next two decades, the company expanded to produce pencil cases and school supplies. In 1926, Hassenfeld Brothers was incorporated, with Hillel leaving for another textile business while Henry took charge of the corporation. With cost of pencils rising and their pencil supplier making pencil cases, the Hassenfelds began making their own pencils, becoming a source of funding for future lines.[6]
In the 1940s, Hassenfeld Brothers produced doctor and nurse kits, its first toys, and modeling clay, becoming primarily a toy company by 1942. With Hillel's death in 1943, Henry Hassenfeld became CEO while his son, Merrill, became president. The company entered the plastic fields during World War II to support its toy line.[6] Hassenfeld Brothers' first toy hit was Mr. Potato Head,[6] which the company purchased from George Lerner in 1952. The toy was a smash success. In 1954, the company became a Disney major licensee.[6]
In 1960, Henry died and Merrill took over the parent company and his older brother Harold ran the pencil-making business, Empire Pencil. Hassenfeld Brothers expanded to Canada with Hassenfeld Brothers (Canada) Ltd. in 1961. The company was approached in 1963 to license a toy based on The Lieutenant, which they turned down because they did not want to be tied to a possibly short-lived television series. Instead, in 1964, Hassenfeld Brothers produced the G.I. Joe toy, which they termed an "action figure" in order to market the toy to boys who wouldn't want to play with "dolls." In 1964 and 1965, G.I. Joe accounted for two-thirds of Hassenfeld's sales.[6]
Hasbro Industries[edit]
Having previously sold toys under the Hasbro trade name, the company shortened its name to Hasbro Industries in 1968 and sold a minor stake in the corporation to the public.
With the unpopular Vietnam War at its height in 1969, Hasbro redesigned GI Joe to be less militaristic and more adventure oriented.[6] Its promotional efforts included the catchphrase "Boy Oh Boy! It's A Hasbro Toy!" in television commercials and print ads.[citation needed] Also in 1969 Hasbro bought Burt Claster Enterprises, which produced "Romper Room" and had just begun a Romper Room toy line. A month-long teamsters strike and far eastern supplier troubles caused the company to have a $1 million loss for the year.[6]
In 1970, Hasbro began a plan of diversification and opened the Romper Room Nursery School franchise chain to cash in on President Richard M. Nixon's Family Assistance Plan which subsidized day care for working mothers. By 1975, the company had ended the nursery chain. Hasbro also entered the cookware field with the Galloping Gourmet line based on a contemporary television cooking show. With an attack of termites on the line's salad bowls, the line collapsed.
Two new 1970s toys were public relations disasters. One of the toys was named Javelin Darts which were similar to the ancient Roman plumbata. On December 19, 1988, the Consumer Product Safety Commission banned lawn darts from sale in the United States due to their hazards as a flying projectile with a sharp metal point causing multiple deaths.[7] The other toy was named The Hypo-Squirt, a hypodermic needle shaped water gun tagged by the press as a "junior junkie" kit. Both were recalled. While Romper Room and its toy line had continued success, Action for Children's Television citizens group considered the program as an advertising channel for toys.[6]
Merrill Hassenfeld took over as CEO in 1974 with his son, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, becoming president. The company became profitable once again, but had mixed results due to cash flow problems from increasing the number of toys in the line to offset G.I. Joe's declining sales. In 1975, the G.I. Joe line was ended by Hasbro, caused by the rising price of plastic via its raw material and crude oil's increasing prices. In 1977, Hasbro's losses were $2.5 million and the company held a large debt load. That same year, Hasbro acquired Peanuts cartoon characters licensing rights. With the financial situation poor, Hasbro's bankers made the company temporarily stop dividend payments in early 1979. The toy division's losses increased Harold Hassenfeld's resentment regarding the company's treatment of the Empire Pencil subsidiary as Empire received lower levels of capital spending to profits than did the toy division. With Merrill's death in 1979, Harold did not recognize Stephen's authority as the successor to the chairman & CEO position. As a solution, Hasbro spun off Empire Pencil in 1980, then the nation's largest pencil maker with Harold trading his Hasbro shares for those of Empire. Stephen then became both the CEO and chairman of the board. Between 1978 and 1981, Stephen reduced the Hasbro product line by one-third and its new products by one-half. Hasbro focused on simple, low cost, longer life cycle toys like Mr. Potato Head. Hasbro thus stayed out of the electronic games field which went bust in the early 1980s.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro revived its G.I. Joe line—with the help of Marvel Comics—as an anti-terrorist commando based on current events. The company launched the successful Transformers toy line along with a children's animated TV series two years later. With the toys and TV Series being popular, Stephen Hassenfeld posed with the toys for a People magazine cover photo.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro produced another successful toy franchise, My Little Pony.[citation needed] In 1983, Hasbro purchased GLENCO Infant Items, a manufacturer of infant products and the world's largest bib producer and Knickerbocker Toy Company, a Warner Communications struggling subsidiary. Hasbro paid Warner with 37 percent of its own stock—paid into a Hasbro executive control voting trust—and also received a cash infusion. In 1984, Alan Hassenfeld took over as president from his brother Stephen, who continued as CEO and chairman. That same year, the company (then the nation's sixth-best-selling toymaker) acquired the Milton Bradley Company (then the nation's fifth bestselling toymaker), bringing The Game of Life, Twister, Easy Money and Playskool into the Hasbro fold and transforming Hasbro into Hasbro Bradley. Stephen Hassenfeld became the merged company's president and CEO with Milton Bradley chief James Shea Jr. taking the chairman position. However, the executives clashed and Shea left after a few months, and Stephen and Alan returned to their previous positions.[6]
Hasbro[edit]
In 1985, the company changed its name again to just Hasbro, Inc.[6] The Jumpstarters toys were the subject of a lawsuit in 1985 when Hasbro sued a toy manufacturer for selling toys based on their Transformers design. Hasbro won the suit.[8]
In the mid-1980s, Hasbro moved past Mattel to become the world's largest toy company. Hasbro then moved to outsell Mattel's Barbie in the fashion doll market with the 1986 introduction of Jem, a record producer/rock musician dual identity fashion doll. Initially posting strong sales, Jem plummeted and was withdrawn from the market in 1987. Hasbro followed up in 1988 with Maxie, a Barbie-sized blonde doll, so Barbie clothing and accessories would fit. Maxie lasted until 1990.[6]
Under Alan's initiative in the late 1980s, Hasbro moved to increase international sales by taking US market failed toys overseas and selling them for as much as four times the original price. This increased international sales from $268 million in 1985 to $433 million in 1988.[6]
In 1988, Hasbro purchased part of Coleco Industries' indoor and outdoor children's furniture and ride-on toy product lines for $21 million including two just closed manufacturing plants in Amsterdam, N.Y.[9] In July 1989, Hasbro acquired bankrupt Coleco for $85 million.[10] Stephen Hassenfeld died later that year with the company having gone from sales of $104 million in the year he took control to 1989 sales of over $1.4 billion.[6]
Alan succeeded Stephen as chairman and CEO. In 1991, Hasbro purchased Tonka Corp. for $486 million along with its Parker Brothers unit, the maker of Monopoly, and Kenner Products. Milton Bradley and Parker Brothers were merged into one division. Alan moved to expand Hasbro overseas with new units in Greece, Hungary, and Mexico.[6]
Alan saw the Far East as an important market in which to expand. In 1992, Hasbro purchased Nomura Toys Ltd. in Japan, and majority ownership of Palmyra, a Southeast Asian toy distributor. These increased the proportion of international sales from 22% in 1985 to 45% ($1.28 billion) in 1995. In 1993, Hasbro lost its bid for J. W. Spear & Sons, a U.K.-based game maker, to Mattel.[6]
In the US, Hasbro's growth since 1980 were from acquisitions and the leveraging of the new assets. New product development was not as successful except for movie and TV tie-in product lines with Jurassic Park and Barney. Thus, US sales were stagnant in the early 1990s, falling from 1993 to 1995. To turn domestic performance around in 1994, Hasbro merged the Hasbro Toy, Playskool, Playskool Baby, Kenner, and Kid Dimension units into the Hasbro Toy Group. Meanwhile, Mattel purchased Fisher-Price and retook the top spot in the toy industry.[6]
Hasbro Interactive was started in 1995 and released the Monopoly game on CD-ROM. Mattel also proposed a merger that year, but was turned down by the Hasbro board in 1996 due to antitrust issues and Justice Department investigation into exclusionary policies between toy manufacturers and toy retailers, particularly Toys "R" Us.[6]
In 1998, Hasbro bought Avalon Hill for $6 million[11][12] and in 1999 Wizards of the Coast was bought in a deal worth $325 million.[13] Wizards of the Coast is now a subsidiary of Hasbro and has Avalon Hill as its division. In 2001 money-losing Hasbro Interactive was sold to Infogrames, a French software concern, for $100 million.[14] Hasbro entered the building block toy with its Built to Rule line in 2003, which did not hold together well or were too hard for the targeted age group, thus ended in 2005.[15]
In 2007, a workers' rights group investigated several of Hasbro's Chinese suppliers and found that, in one instance, a toy factory in China's Guangxi Province had hired 1000 junior high school students. The same group discovered other widespread labor violations, including unsafe working conditions, mandatory overtime, verbal abuse and sexual harassment of employees. Hasbro issued a statement, saying that it would "act swiftly and decisively in making any necessary changes" and had "increased the intensity of [its] ongoing safety review efforts." Critics pointed out that Hasbro had no official regulatory control of these factories. Hasbro responded by hiring independent auditors. These auditors make unannounced visits to the East Asian subcontractors. Factory managers have been coached in how to fool the auditors.[16]
In 2008, Hasbro acquired game maker Cranium, Inc. for $77.5 million. The deal was announced on January 4 and closed on January 25.[17][18][19]
Hasbro is collaborating with Discovery Communications on Hub Network, a new cable network which began on October 10, 2010. The venture proved successful in unexpected ways when the TV revival of the My Little Pony franchise, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, became the network's highest-rated program with not only its target demographic of young girls, but attracted an unexpectedly significant cult following[20] among teens and adults.[21] The Hub Network was rebranded as Discovery Family on October 13, 2014. Hasbro also produces Marvel Comics and Star Wars toys, having recently renewed this deal through at least 2020.[22]
Hasbro by April 2011 started up its 360 Manufacturing Services, a contract OEM game manufacturing operating out of Hasbro's USA plant.[23] After the Built to Rule, Hasbro relaunched into the building block area with the Kre-O line in late 2011 starting with some Transformer based sets.[15]
In 2012, Hasbro received a US$1.6 million tax credit from the state of Rhode Island with a promise to create 245 new jobs in the state. Instead they laid off more than 125 workers. This was followed in 2013 with further layoffs of North American workers, amounting to 10% of its salaried employees. Meanwhile, CEO, Brian Goldner signed a new five-year contract.[24][25][26] As of fiscal year 2012, CEO, Brian Goldner had a total calculated compensation of $9,684,285.[27] In July 2013, Backflip Studios sold a 70% stake in the company to Hasbro for $112 million in cash.[28]
On November 12, 2014, it was reported that Hasbro was in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation. The proposal reportedly calls for the combined company to take the name "DreamWorks-Hasbro" and for Jeffrey Katzenberg to become its chairman, but as a matter of policy, neither Hasbro nor DWA publicly comment on mergers and acquisitions.[29] Two days later, the talks were reported to have fallen through.[30]
On July 14, 2015, the company announced the intent to sell its last two factories in Ireland and East Longmeadow, Massachusetts factories (including its 360 Manufacturing Services) to Cartamundi which should close in sixty days. Hasbro signed a five-year deal with Cartamundi to produce their board games at the East Longmeadow plant.[31]
With Mattel adding two competing lines and other blunders and an expiration of the Disney Princess license at the end of 2015, Disney gave Hasbro a chance to gain the license given their work on Star Wars which led to a Descendants license. DCP was also attempting to evolve the brand from one of them less as damsels and more as heroines. In September 2014, Disney announced that Hasbro would be the licensed doll maker for the Disney Princess line starting on January 1, 2016.[32]
In July 2016, Hasbro acquired Dublin-based Boulder Media Limited and placed it under the control of its chief content officer.[33] Hasbro announced that it would launch its own convention, named HASCON, and featuring "all things Hasbro" in 2016, with the inaugural event being held at the Rhode Island Convention Center in September 2017.[34]
Controversy[edit]
In 2011, Greenpeace accused Hasbro of purchasing paper for its packaging from ancient forests in Indonesia. Hasbro changed its paper purchasing policy, earning the company praise from Greenpeace Executive Director Phil Radford, who said: "The new Hasbro policy will also increase the recycled and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified paper in its toy packaging. Hasbro's new commitments are great news for Indonesian rainforests and the people and wildlife that depend on them."[35]
There have also been criticisms of Hasbro for focusing some of its products on specific demographic groups. For example, in November 2012, a letter from a six-year-old Irish girl complaining about the lack of female characters in the guessing game Guess Who? spread widely on social media[24] and garnered attention in the press after the girl's mother posted the exchange on her blog.[36] News reports criticized Hasbro's response as missing the point of the letter and not "kid-friendly." Guess Who? has previously received complaints over gender and ethnic bias in its choice of 24 images.[24] Hasbro primarily sells toys directed at either the girl or boy markets. As such, there have been criticisms that Hasbro's toys reinforce gender stereotypes. For example, in December 2012, 13-year-old McKenna Pope started a campaign on Change.org, calling on the company to create a "boy-friendly" version of the popular Easy-Bake Oven and to feature boys on their packaging and materials.[37][38] Within a week, over 30,000 people signed her petition.[39] Hasbro was criticized for sexist product design when its 2015 Star Wars Monopoly board game failed to feature Rey, the female protagonist in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, while nonetheless including all of the supporting male characters. On January 5, 2016, Hasbro announced that Rey would be included in future versions - but only after much criticism. This move perplexed even the movie's director, J. J. Abrams, who reportedly said, "I read that Rey wasn’t in the Monopoly game and was quickly making phone calls about this because, if it were true - and it is true, and now Hasbro, of course, has said they’re going to put Rey in—it doesn’t quite make sense why she wouldn’t be there. She’s somewhat important in the story."[40]
On October 2, 2015, Lorraine Markham sued Hasbro for breach of contract for failure to pay royalties to her. She is seeking a declaration from the U.S. District Court in Providence that her husband, Bill Markham, was the sole creator of The Game of Life.[41]
Manufacture[edit]
Over the years, Hasbro has outsourced the manufacture of its products to third-party companies, mostly in China. At the Chinese factories, which Hasbro does not directly own or operate, migrant workers are compensated with meagre salaries for their labor. At one such factory, in Dongguan, China, basic assembly line jobs pay a little over one hundred US dollars per month,[42] China's minimum wage. A report released by China Labor Watch in 2014 revealed numerous abuses at Hasbro's Chinese supplier companies, including labor contract violations, excessive and illegal overtime, poor living conditions, environmental pollution, and more. The report was investigated by a congressional hearing in December 2014.[43][44]
Outside Asia, Hasbro owns and operates only two manufacturing facilities, one in Waterford, Ireland, the other in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts, USA. In recent years, the company has cut jobs at both plants in response to increasing competition from lower cost locations in China. At the end of 2006, for example, Hasbro's Irish division laid off more than one third of its workforce.[45]
Quality control[edit]
To ensure that their electronic devices are at high quality standards, Hasbro and other toy companies add a test mode to the electronic device which allows the manufacturing team and all parts of Hasbro to make sure that all the sounds are present, the moving parts and lights are working and that the electronic device powers off normally. Sometimes the hidden modes are removed from the game in the final product, but most of modern games from 2009 onwards can be accessed by a consumer.[46][47] The game's instructions mentions nothing about these hidden modes and Hasbro do not share details on how to get to their own manufacturer mode as they have said that giving test mode instructions to a consumer considered to be proprietary.
Impact[edit]
Hasbro was named by Fortune magazine as one of the top 100 companies to work for in 2013, citing that the "company enhanced its vacation policy by giving new employees three weeks off in their first year instead of having to wait five years."[48]
Subsidiaries[edit]

Funskool
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka
Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill (brand)
Mirrorstone Books


Hasbro Gaming
Hasbro Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios

Hasbro Films

Allspark Pictures


Cake Mix Studios


Discovery Family (40%)
Boulder Media Limited


Backflip Studios (70%)

Former[edit]

Claster Television
Empire Pencil
Galoob
Hasbro Interactive
Kenner Products
Larami (name is now retired and part of the Nerf brand)
Selchow and Righter
Wrebbit
Cranium, Inc.
Milton Bradley Company
Parker Brothers

Toys and games[edit]
Main article: List of Hasbro toys
Hasbro has several brands of toys and games aimed at different demographics. Some of its better-known toy lines (past and present) are:


Action Man
Battle Beasts
Beyblade
B-Daman
Cabbage Patch Kids (1989–1994)
Chibibotto
Easy-Bake Oven[49]
Furby (2005–present)
FurReal Friends (Furry Frenzies)
G.I. Joe
Hamtaro
Inhumanoids
Jem
Jurassic Park(1993-2017)
Kre-O
Lincoln Logs
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
M.A.S.K.
Marvel Legends
Maxie
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pokémon (1998–2005)
Pound Puppies
Sesame Street
Skedoodle[50]
Spirograph
Star Wars
Talk 'n Play
Tinkertoy
Tayo the Little Bus
Transformers
Visionaries: Knights of the Magical Light
Yo-Kai Watch
Zoids


Hasbro is the largest producer of board games in the world as a result of its component brands, such as Parker Brothers, Waddingtons, Milton Bradley, Wizards of the Coast, and Avalon Hill (all acquisitions since the 1980s). As a result, it has well known and top selling games such as:
Main article: List of Hasbro games


Axis & Allies
Battleship
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Cranium
Clue (Cluedo)
Diplomacy
Duel Masters Trading Card Game
Dungeons & Dragons (role-playing game)
The Game of Life
The Grape Escape
Magic: The Gathering
Mirror-Mirror (Winner of ITV1's "Design a Board Game Competition")
Monopoly (best selling board game ever according to the Guinness World Records)
Operation
Ouija
Pictionary (North America only, non-North American rights owned by Mattel)
Risk
Scrabble
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble (AKA Frustration and Kimble)


Hasbro also produces many variations of most of their games. For example, in addition to original Scrabble, the game is also available as "Scrabble Deluxe Edition", "Scrabble Deluxe Travel Edition","Scrabble Junior", and "Scrabble Onyx Edition".
Hasbro also offers games of physical skill such as:

Bop It
Jenga

They have also sold games in the past which are now discontinued but can be found from second hand markets which include:

Brain Warp and its sister products which include Brain Shift, Brain Bash, Death Star Escape, Hyperslide and Torx.
Bull's-Eye Ball

Hasbro also offers a memory game called Simon which involves memorising sequences of colors and lights.
In 1995, Hasbro began a short-lived video game development and publishing venture called Hasbro Interactive, but disbanded it in 2001 when it was bought by the now defunct Infogrames. Now Hasbro develops video games based on its brands through third-party developers and licensing strategies, notably with major American companies such as Activision, Electronic Arts, and THQ. Following the rise of smartphones and tablet PCs in the 2010s, as well as major video gaming publishers cutting back on releasing games based on licensed IPs for various reasons, such as economic slumps, several of Hasbro's brands were licensed towards mobile game developers such as Gameloft, releasing their games under the label Hasbro Gaming.
On February 25, 2005, Hasbro announced that it would be introducing a musical toothbrush to the market. The Tooth Tunes, released in early 2007, transmits music from the jawbone to the ear when the bristles touch the teeth.
Films and television[edit]
Further information: Hasbro Studios
See also[edit]

List of game manufacturers
Test mode



Companies portal
Toys portal
Rhode Island portal
United States portal


References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Company Financials Hasbro, Inc.". Google Finance. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ "HAS Profile - Hasbro, Inc. Stock - Yahoo Finance". 
^ http://corporate.hasbro.com/documents/Corporate_Fact_Sheet_November_2015.pdf
^ "Fun For Profit: The World's Nine Biggest Toy Companies". January 21, 2014. 
^ "History of Hasbro, Inc. – FundingUniverse". 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s "Hasbro, Inc. History". International Directory of Company Histories Vol. 16. St. James Press. Retrieved 6 February 2013. 
^ "Lawn Darts Are Banned and Should Be Destroyed". U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. 1997-05-15. Retrieved 2011-01-25. Pointed lawn darts, intended for use in an outdoor game, have been responsible for the deaths of three children. The most recent injury occurred last week in Elkhart, Ind., when a 7-year-old boy suffered a brain injury after a lawn dart pierced his skull. 
^ "Hasbro Bradley, Inc. v. Sparkle Toys, Inc., 780 F.2d 189 (2nd Cir. 1985)". 
^ "Company News; Hasbro in Accord For Coleco Lines". New York Times. July 12, 1988. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ "Company News; Hasbro's Purchase Of Coleco's Assets". New York Times. AP. July 13, 1989. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ Leffall, J. (August 5, 1998). "Monarch Avalon to sell game unit to Hasbro In wake of loss, local company to get $6 million in cash". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ L. de Rosa, Peter (Summer 2002). "The Fall of Avalon Hill". Academic Gaming Review. 4 (4). Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Hasbro to Acquire Wizards of the Coast". About.com. September 11, 1999. Retrieved January 4, 2008. 
^ Company News; Hasbro Completes Sale Of Interactive Business from The New York Times
^ a b "Hasbro pushes into Lego's land with new blocks". USA Today. Gannett Co. Inc. AP. February 13, 2011. Retrieved November 6, 2015. 
^ "U.S. Group Accuses Chinese Toy Factories of Labor Abuses" from The New York Times
^ "Hasbro Acquires Cranium". Boardgames.about.com. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ ""Hasbro Announces Agreement to Acquire Cranium, Inc." press release". Phx.corporate-ir.net. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ "No brainer: Hasbro buys Cranium". msnbc.com. 
^ Watercutter, Angela (2011-11-05). "Bronies' TV Spot Shows Changing Face of My Little Pony Herd". Wired. Retrieved 2012-11-05. 
^ Gennis, Sadie (July 31, 2013). "Give Bronies a Break! In Defense of Adult My Little Pony Fans". TV Guide. Retrieved September 23, 2014. 
^ "Hasbro Extends Disney Pact for Marvel, Star Wars Toys and Games". Variety. July 22, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Gottlieb, Richard (April 27, 2011). "Manufacturing your products in the USA; Hasbro steps up with a domestic contract manufacturing service". Global Toy News. Retrieved July 21, 2015. 
^ a b c "Guess Who's sexist? Classic board game's gender bias leaves six-year-old fuming from The Independent
^ Hasbro Continues To Lay Off Workers Despite Expansion Plans. GoLocalProv (2013-04-30). Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ "Six-year-old schools Hasbro on gender equality" from "Yahoo Games"
^ Brian Goldner: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek. Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ Patane, Matthew (July 9, 2013). "Boulder’s Backflip Studios sells majority stake to Hasbro". The Denver Post. Digital First Media. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ Lieberman, David; Patten, Dominic (November 12, 2014). "DreamWorks Animation & Hasbro In Merger Talks; Deal With Hearst Looming". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J.; Barnes, Brooks (November 14, 2014). "Hasbro Said to End Talks to Take Over DreamWorks Animation". New York Times. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ Kinney, Jim (July 14, 2015). "Hasbro to sell East Longmeadow plant to Belgian playing cards and games manufacturer". MassLive. The Republican. Retrieved July 14, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (December 17, 2015). "The $500 Million Battle Over Disney’s Princesses". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Schwindt, Oriana (July 13, 2016). "Hasbro Acquires Dublin-Based Animation Studio Boulder Media". Variety. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ Tsirbas, Christos (October 19, 2016). "Hasbro's HASCON Convention Celebrates My LIttle Pony, Transformers & More". CBR.com. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Phil Radford. "Hasbro Turns Over a New Leaf, Steps Up for Rainforests". Huffington Post. Retrieved 24 August 2011. 
^ "Hasbro knows all about selling to kids - and nothing much about talking to them" from "http://www.byjenniferoconnell.com"
^ "Teen starts campaign for gender neutral Easy Bake Oven" from Good Morning America
^ "Teen girl petitions Hasbro to market Easy Bake Oven also to boys" from the Los Angeles Times
^ Emanuella Grinberg, CNN (December 6, 2012). "Teen says pink toy ovens discourage boys from kitchen play". CNN. 
^ "J.J. Abrams addresses 'preposterous' lack of Rey toys for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'". January 9, 2016. 
^ "Complaint" (PDF). PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 November 2015. 
^ "Workers riot at Chinese factory producing Nerf toys for Hasbro" from USA Today
^ "Working Conditions and Factory Auditing in the Chinese Toy Industry". 
^ "Barbie, Mickey Mouse, Optimus Prime, Thomas the Tank Engine: Who Else Continues to Exploit Toy Workers?". 
^ "‘Painful and difficult’ decision as 140 jobs lost" from The Munster Express
^ "How to Access Bop It Shout Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "How to Access Bop It Beats Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Hasbro - Best Companies to Work For 2013 - Fortune". Money.cnn.com. 2013-02-04. Retrieved 2013-07-10. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Light Bulb Baking". ToyTales.ca. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Skedoodle". ToyTales.ca. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Hasbro: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe












v
t
e


Monopoly



History



History of Monopoly
Chance and Community Chest cards





Game designers
and early publishers



Elizabeth "Lizzie" Magie
Scott Nearing
Charles Darrow





Related games



Anti-Monopoly
The Landlord's Game
Easy Money
Finance





Hasbro Monopoly
and licensees



Monopoly
Parker Brothers
Milton Bradley
Hasbro
Waddingtons
Winning Moves
Get Out of Jail Free card
Rich Uncle Pennybags
Monopoly money





Modern variants



Licensed and localized editions
My Monopoly
Monopoly: The Mega Edition
Monopoly City





Spin-off games





Board/dice games




Monopoly Junior
Advance to Boardwalk
Don't Go to Jail (Monopoly Express)






Card games




Free Parking
Waterworks
Monopoly: The Card Game
Express Monopoly
Monopoly Deal








Monopoly on television



1990 game show
Monopoly Millionaires' Club
Family Game Night





Monopoly metaphors
and idioms



"Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200."
"Get Out of Jail Free card"
"Monopoly money"





See also



Ralph Anspach
McDonald's Monopoly
Late for the Sky
Pinball game
Monopoly Tycoon
Monopoly Party
Video games
London Monopoly locations
Monopoly City Streets
The Mad Magazine Game
Monopoly Millionaires' Club












v
t
e


Superhero toy lines



DC



Batman
Batman action figures
Batman: Total Justice
Batman Unlimited
DC Comics Super Hero Collection
DC Direct
DC Minimates
DC Superheroes
DC Super Hero Girls
DC Universe
DC Universe All-Stars
DC Universe Classics
Justice League Unlimited
Lego Batman
Movie Masters
Super Powers Collection





Marvel



The Classic Marvel Figurine Collection
Hulk Classics
Iron Man: The Armored Avenger
Marvel Legends
Marvel Legends Showdown
Marvel Minimates
Marvel Select
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Mega Morphs
Secret Wars
Spider-Man and Friends
Spider-Man Classics
Thor: The Mighty Avenger
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Classics
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Other



Captain Action
The Centurions
Masters of the Universe
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
ThunderCats
Toxic Crusaders
Transformers





Manufacturers



Bandai Namco (Bandai)
Diamond Select Toys
Hasbro
Kenner Products
LJN
Marvel Toys
Mattel
McFarlane Toys
Mego
National Entertainment Collectibles Association
Palisades Toys
Playmates Toys
Remco
Takara Tomy





Designers



Art Asylum
Four Horsemen Studios





News



2007 Chinese export recalls
Toy Biz, Inc. v. United States












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hasbro&oldid=791899552"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQHasbro1923 establishments in Rhode IslandAmerican companies established in 1923Toy brandsToy companies of the United StatesDoll manufacturing companiesGame manufacturersMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies established in 1923Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange3D publishingHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from June 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Articles with unsourced statements from February 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어हिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 04:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hasbro - Wikipedia






















 






Hasbro

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hassenfeld Brothers)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Hasbro, Inc.





Formerly called

Hassenfeld Brothers
Hasbro Bradley



Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: HAS
NASDAQ-100 component
S&P 500 component





Industry



Toys
Entertainment





Founded
December 6, 1923; 93 years ago (1923-12-06) (as Hassenfeld Brothers)


Founder



Henry Hassenfeld
Hillel Hassenfeld
Herman Hassenfeld





Headquarters
Pawtucket, Rhode Island, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Brian Goldner (Chairman & CEO)
Deborah Thomas (CFO)
John Frascotti (President)
Duncan J. Billing (EVP, Global Operations and Business Development)





Products



Toys
Puzzles
Board games
War games
RPG
Sports equipment





Brands



Milton Bradley
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tonka





Revenue
 US$5.01 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$788.05 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$551.38 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 5.09 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$1.86 billion (2016)[1]


Owner
Alan G. Hassenfeld (7.82%)



Number of employees

5,000 (2017)[2][3]


Divisions
Hasbro Gaming


Subsidiaries



Hasbro Studios
Tiger Electronics
Wizards of the Coast
Boulder Media Limited





Website
hasbro.com


Hasbro, Inc. (/ˈhæzbroʊ/; an abbreviation of its original name, Hassenfeld Brothers) is an American multinational toy and board game company. Hasbro is the third largest toy maker in the world with revenues of approximately $4.45 billion.[4] Hasbro acquired the trademarks and products of Kenner, Parker Brothers and Milton Bradley, among others. Among its toy and game products are the iconic Monopoly board game, G.I. Joe figurine, Furby electronic stuffed animal, Transformers mechanical toys and My Little Pony. The Hasbro brand also spawned TV shows, such as Family Game Night on the Discovery Family network, to promote its products. The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The majority of its products are manufactured in East Asia.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Hassenfeld Brothers
1.2 Hasbro Industries
1.3 Hasbro


2 Controversy
3 Manufacture

3.1 Quality control


4 Impact
5 Subsidiaries

5.1 Former


6 Toys and games
7 Films and television
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Hassenfeld Brothers[edit]
In 1923, three brothers named Herman, Hillel and Henry Hassenfeld[5] founded Hassenfeld Brothers, a company selling textile remnants, in Providence, Rhode Island. Over the next two decades, the company expanded to produce pencil cases and school supplies. In 1926, Hassenfeld Brothers was incorporated, with Hillel leaving for another textile business while Henry took charge of the corporation. With cost of pencils rising and their pencil supplier making pencil cases, the Hassenfelds began making their own pencils, becoming a source of funding for future lines.[6]
In the 1940s, Hassenfeld Brothers produced doctor and nurse kits, its first toys, and modeling clay, becoming primarily a toy company by 1942. With Hillel's death in 1943, Henry Hassenfeld became CEO while his son, Merrill, became president. The company entered the plastic fields during World War II to support its toy line.[6] Hassenfeld Brothers' first toy hit was Mr. Potato Head,[6] which the company purchased from George Lerner in 1952. The toy was a smash success. In 1954, the company became a Disney major licensee.[6]
In 1960, Henry died and Merrill took over the parent company and his older brother Harold ran the pencil-making business, Empire Pencil. Hassenfeld Brothers expanded to Canada with Hassenfeld Brothers (Canada) Ltd. in 1961. The company was approached in 1963 to license a toy based on The Lieutenant, which they turned down because they did not want to be tied to a possibly short-lived television series. Instead, in 1964, Hassenfeld Brothers produced the G.I. Joe toy, which they termed an "action figure" in order to market the toy to boys who wouldn't want to play with "dolls." In 1964 and 1965, G.I. Joe accounted for two-thirds of Hassenfeld's sales.[6]
Hasbro Industries[edit]
Having previously sold toys under the Hasbro trade name, the company shortened its name to Hasbro Industries in 1968 and sold a minor stake in the corporation to the public.
With the unpopular Vietnam War at its height in 1969, Hasbro redesigned GI Joe to be less militaristic and more adventure oriented.[6] Its promotional efforts included the catchphrase "Boy Oh Boy! It's A Hasbro Toy!" in television commercials and print ads.[citation needed] Also in 1969 Hasbro bought Burt Claster Enterprises, which produced "Romper Room" and had just begun a Romper Room toy line. A month-long teamsters strike and far eastern supplier troubles caused the company to have a $1 million loss for the year.[6]
In 1970, Hasbro began a plan of diversification and opened the Romper Room Nursery School franchise chain to cash in on President Richard M. Nixon's Family Assistance Plan which subsidized day care for working mothers. By 1975, the company had ended the nursery chain. Hasbro also entered the cookware field with the Galloping Gourmet line based on a contemporary television cooking show. With an attack of termites on the line's salad bowls, the line collapsed.
Two new 1970s toys were public relations disasters. One of the toys was named Javelin Darts which were similar to the ancient Roman plumbata. On December 19, 1988, the Consumer Product Safety Commission banned lawn darts from sale in the United States due to their hazards as a flying projectile with a sharp metal point causing multiple deaths.[7] The other toy was named The Hypo-Squirt, a hypodermic needle shaped water gun tagged by the press as a "junior junkie" kit. Both were recalled. While Romper Room and its toy line had continued success, Action for Children's Television citizens group considered the program as an advertising channel for toys.[6]
Merrill Hassenfeld took over as CEO in 1974 with his son, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, becoming president. The company became profitable once again, but had mixed results due to cash flow problems from increasing the number of toys in the line to offset G.I. Joe's declining sales. In 1975, the G.I. Joe line was ended by Hasbro, caused by the rising price of plastic via its raw material and crude oil's increasing prices. In 1977, Hasbro's losses were $2.5 million and the company held a large debt load. That same year, Hasbro acquired Peanuts cartoon characters licensing rights. With the financial situation poor, Hasbro's bankers made the company temporarily stop dividend payments in early 1979. The toy division's losses increased Harold Hassenfeld's resentment regarding the company's treatment of the Empire Pencil subsidiary as Empire received lower levels of capital spending to profits than did the toy division. With Merrill's death in 1979, Harold did not recognize Stephen's authority as the successor to the chairman & CEO position. As a solution, Hasbro spun off Empire Pencil in 1980, then the nation's largest pencil maker with Harold trading his Hasbro shares for those of Empire. Stephen then became both the CEO and chairman of the board. Between 1978 and 1981, Stephen reduced the Hasbro product line by one-third and its new products by one-half. Hasbro focused on simple, low cost, longer life cycle toys like Mr. Potato Head. Hasbro thus stayed out of the electronic games field which went bust in the early 1980s.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro revived its G.I. Joe line—with the help of Marvel Comics—as an anti-terrorist commando based on current events. The company launched the successful Transformers toy line along with a children's animated TV series two years later. With the toys and TV Series being popular, Stephen Hassenfeld posed with the toys for a People magazine cover photo.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro produced another successful toy franchise, My Little Pony.[citation needed] In 1983, Hasbro purchased GLENCO Infant Items, a manufacturer of infant products and the world's largest bib producer and Knickerbocker Toy Company, a Warner Communications struggling subsidiary. Hasbro paid Warner with 37 percent of its own stock—paid into a Hasbro executive control voting trust—and also received a cash infusion. In 1984, Alan Hassenfeld took over as president from his brother Stephen, who continued as CEO and chairman. That same year, the company (then the nation's sixth-best-selling toymaker) acquired the Milton Bradley Company (then the nation's fifth bestselling toymaker), bringing The Game of Life, Twister, Easy Money and Playskool into the Hasbro fold and transforming Hasbro into Hasbro Bradley. Stephen Hassenfeld became the merged company's president and CEO with Milton Bradley chief James Shea Jr. taking the chairman position. However, the executives clashed and Shea left after a few months, and Stephen and Alan returned to their previous positions.[6]
Hasbro[edit]
In 1985, the company changed its name again to just Hasbro, Inc.[6] The Jumpstarters toys were the subject of a lawsuit in 1985 when Hasbro sued a toy manufacturer for selling toys based on their Transformers design. Hasbro won the suit.[8]
In the mid-1980s, Hasbro moved past Mattel to become the world's largest toy company. Hasbro then moved to outsell Mattel's Barbie in the fashion doll market with the 1986 introduction of Jem, a record producer/rock musician dual identity fashion doll. Initially posting strong sales, Jem plummeted and was withdrawn from the market in 1987. Hasbro followed up in 1988 with Maxie, a Barbie-sized blonde doll, so Barbie clothing and accessories would fit. Maxie lasted until 1990.[6]
Under Alan's initiative in the late 1980s, Hasbro moved to increase international sales by taking US market failed toys overseas and selling them for as much as four times the original price. This increased international sales from $268 million in 1985 to $433 million in 1988.[6]
In 1988, Hasbro purchased part of Coleco Industries' indoor and outdoor children's furniture and ride-on toy product lines for $21 million including two just closed manufacturing plants in Amsterdam, N.Y.[9] In July 1989, Hasbro acquired bankrupt Coleco for $85 million.[10] Stephen Hassenfeld died later that year with the company having gone from sales of $104 million in the year he took control to 1989 sales of over $1.4 billion.[6]
Alan succeeded Stephen as chairman and CEO. In 1991, Hasbro purchased Tonka Corp. for $486 million along with its Parker Brothers unit, the maker of Monopoly, and Kenner Products. Milton Bradley and Parker Brothers were merged into one division. Alan moved to expand Hasbro overseas with new units in Greece, Hungary, and Mexico.[6]
Alan saw the Far East as an important market in which to expand. In 1992, Hasbro purchased Nomura Toys Ltd. in Japan, and majority ownership of Palmyra, a Southeast Asian toy distributor. These increased the proportion of international sales from 22% in 1985 to 45% ($1.28 billion) in 1995. In 1993, Hasbro lost its bid for J. W. Spear & Sons, a U.K.-based game maker, to Mattel.[6]
In the US, Hasbro's growth since 1980 were from acquisitions and the leveraging of the new assets. New product development was not as successful except for movie and TV tie-in product lines with Jurassic Park and Barney. Thus, US sales were stagnant in the early 1990s, falling from 1993 to 1995. To turn domestic performance around in 1994, Hasbro merged the Hasbro Toy, Playskool, Playskool Baby, Kenner, and Kid Dimension units into the Hasbro Toy Group. Meanwhile, Mattel purchased Fisher-Price and retook the top spot in the toy industry.[6]
Hasbro Interactive was started in 1995 and released the Monopoly game on CD-ROM. Mattel also proposed a merger that year, but was turned down by the Hasbro board in 1996 due to antitrust issues and Justice Department investigation into exclusionary policies between toy manufacturers and toy retailers, particularly Toys "R" Us.[6]
In 1998, Hasbro bought Avalon Hill for $6 million[11][12] and in 1999 Wizards of the Coast was bought in a deal worth $325 million.[13] Wizards of the Coast is now a subsidiary of Hasbro and has Avalon Hill as its division. In 2001 money-losing Hasbro Interactive was sold to Infogrames, a French software concern, for $100 million.[14] Hasbro entered the building block toy with its Built to Rule line in 2003, which did not hold together well or were too hard for the targeted age group, thus ended in 2005.[15]
In 2007, a workers' rights group investigated several of Hasbro's Chinese suppliers and found that, in one instance, a toy factory in China's Guangxi Province had hired 1000 junior high school students. The same group discovered other widespread labor violations, including unsafe working conditions, mandatory overtime, verbal abuse and sexual harassment of employees. Hasbro issued a statement, saying that it would "act swiftly and decisively in making any necessary changes" and had "increased the intensity of [its] ongoing safety review efforts." Critics pointed out that Hasbro had no official regulatory control of these factories. Hasbro responded by hiring independent auditors. These auditors make unannounced visits to the East Asian subcontractors. Factory managers have been coached in how to fool the auditors.[16]
In 2008, Hasbro acquired game maker Cranium, Inc. for $77.5 million. The deal was announced on January 4 and closed on January 25.[17][18][19]
Hasbro is collaborating with Discovery Communications on Hub Network, a new cable network which began on October 10, 2010. The venture proved successful in unexpected ways when the TV revival of the My Little Pony franchise, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, became the network's highest-rated program with not only its target demographic of young girls, but attracted an unexpectedly significant cult following[20] among teens and adults.[21] The Hub Network was rebranded as Discovery Family on October 13, 2014. Hasbro also produces Marvel Comics and Star Wars toys, having recently renewed this deal through at least 2020.[22]
Hasbro by April 2011 started up its 360 Manufacturing Services, a contract OEM game manufacturing operating out of Hasbro's USA plant.[23] After the Built to Rule, Hasbro relaunched into the building block area with the Kre-O line in late 2011 starting with some Transformer based sets.[15]
In 2012, Hasbro received a US$1.6 million tax credit from the state of Rhode Island with a promise to create 245 new jobs in the state. Instead they laid off more than 125 workers. This was followed in 2013 with further layoffs of North American workers, amounting to 10% of its salaried employees. Meanwhile, CEO, Brian Goldner signed a new five-year contract.[24][25][26] As of fiscal year 2012, CEO, Brian Goldner had a total calculated compensation of $9,684,285.[27] In July 2013, Backflip Studios sold a 70% stake in the company to Hasbro for $112 million in cash.[28]
On November 12, 2014, it was reported that Hasbro was in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation. The proposal reportedly calls for the combined company to take the name "DreamWorks-Hasbro" and for Jeffrey Katzenberg to become its chairman, but as a matter of policy, neither Hasbro nor DWA publicly comment on mergers and acquisitions.[29] Two days later, the talks were reported to have fallen through.[30]
On July 14, 2015, the company announced the intent to sell its last two factories in Ireland and East Longmeadow, Massachusetts factories (including its 360 Manufacturing Services) to Cartamundi which should close in sixty days. Hasbro signed a five-year deal with Cartamundi to produce their board games at the East Longmeadow plant.[31]
With Mattel adding two competing lines and other blunders and an expiration of the Disney Princess license at the end of 2015, Disney gave Hasbro a chance to gain the license given their work on Star Wars which led to a Descendants license. DCP was also attempting to evolve the brand from one of them less as damsels and more as heroines. In September 2014, Disney announced that Hasbro would be the licensed doll maker for the Disney Princess line starting on January 1, 2016.[32]
In July 2016, Hasbro acquired Dublin-based Boulder Media Limited and placed it under the control of its chief content officer.[33] Hasbro announced that it would launch its own convention, named HASCON, and featuring "all things Hasbro" in 2016, with the inaugural event being held at the Rhode Island Convention Center in September 2017.[34]
Controversy[edit]
In 2011, Greenpeace accused Hasbro of purchasing paper for its packaging from ancient forests in Indonesia. Hasbro changed its paper purchasing policy, earning the company praise from Greenpeace Executive Director Phil Radford, who said: "The new Hasbro policy will also increase the recycled and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified paper in its toy packaging. Hasbro's new commitments are great news for Indonesian rainforests and the people and wildlife that depend on them."[35]
There have also been criticisms of Hasbro for focusing some of its products on specific demographic groups. For example, in November 2012, a letter from a six-year-old Irish girl complaining about the lack of female characters in the guessing game Guess Who? spread widely on social media[24] and garnered attention in the press after the girl's mother posted the exchange on her blog.[36] News reports criticized Hasbro's response as missing the point of the letter and not "kid-friendly." Guess Who? has previously received complaints over gender and ethnic bias in its choice of 24 images.[24] Hasbro primarily sells toys directed at either the girl or boy markets. As such, there have been criticisms that Hasbro's toys reinforce gender stereotypes. For example, in December 2012, 13-year-old McKenna Pope started a campaign on Change.org, calling on the company to create a "boy-friendly" version of the popular Easy-Bake Oven and to feature boys on their packaging and materials.[37][38] Within a week, over 30,000 people signed her petition.[39] Hasbro was criticized for sexist product design when its 2015 Star Wars Monopoly board game failed to feature Rey, the female protagonist in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, while nonetheless including all of the supporting male characters. On January 5, 2016, Hasbro announced that Rey would be included in future versions - but only after much criticism. This move perplexed even the movie's director, J. J. Abrams, who reportedly said, "I read that Rey wasn’t in the Monopoly game and was quickly making phone calls about this because, if it were true - and it is true, and now Hasbro, of course, has said they’re going to put Rey in—it doesn’t quite make sense why she wouldn’t be there. She’s somewhat important in the story."[40]
On October 2, 2015, Lorraine Markham sued Hasbro for breach of contract for failure to pay royalties to her. She is seeking a declaration from the U.S. District Court in Providence that her husband, Bill Markham, was the sole creator of The Game of Life.[41]
Manufacture[edit]
Over the years, Hasbro has outsourced the manufacture of its products to third-party companies, mostly in China. At the Chinese factories, which Hasbro does not directly own or operate, migrant workers are compensated with meagre salaries for their labor. At one such factory, in Dongguan, China, basic assembly line jobs pay a little over one hundred US dollars per month,[42] China's minimum wage. A report released by China Labor Watch in 2014 revealed numerous abuses at Hasbro's Chinese supplier companies, including labor contract violations, excessive and illegal overtime, poor living conditions, environmental pollution, and more. The report was investigated by a congressional hearing in December 2014.[43][44]
Outside Asia, Hasbro owns and operates only two manufacturing facilities, one in Waterford, Ireland, the other in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts, USA. In recent years, the company has cut jobs at both plants in response to increasing competition from lower cost locations in China. At the end of 2006, for example, Hasbro's Irish division laid off more than one third of its workforce.[45]
Quality control[edit]
To ensure that their electronic devices are at high quality standards, Hasbro and other toy companies add a test mode to the electronic device which allows the manufacturing team and all parts of Hasbro to make sure that all the sounds are present, the moving parts and lights are working and that the electronic device powers off normally. Sometimes the hidden modes are removed from the game in the final product, but most of modern games from 2009 onwards can be accessed by a consumer.[46][47] The game's instructions mentions nothing about these hidden modes and Hasbro do not share details on how to get to their own manufacturer mode as they have said that giving test mode instructions to a consumer considered to be proprietary.
Impact[edit]
Hasbro was named by Fortune magazine as one of the top 100 companies to work for in 2013, citing that the "company enhanced its vacation policy by giving new employees three weeks off in their first year instead of having to wait five years."[48]
Subsidiaries[edit]

Funskool
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka
Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill (brand)
Mirrorstone Books


Hasbro Gaming
Hasbro Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios

Hasbro Films

Allspark Pictures


Cake Mix Studios


Discovery Family (40%)
Boulder Media Limited


Backflip Studios (70%)

Former[edit]

Claster Television
Empire Pencil
Galoob
Hasbro Interactive
Kenner Products
Larami (name is now retired and part of the Nerf brand)
Selchow and Righter
Wrebbit
Cranium, Inc.
Milton Bradley Company
Parker Brothers

Toys and games[edit]
Main article: List of Hasbro toys
Hasbro has several brands of toys and games aimed at different demographics. Some of its better-known toy lines (past and present) are:


Action Man
Battle Beasts
Beyblade
B-Daman
Cabbage Patch Kids (1989–1994)
Chibibotto
Easy-Bake Oven[49]
Furby (2005–present)
FurReal Friends (Furry Frenzies)
G.I. Joe
Hamtaro
Inhumanoids
Jem
Jurassic Park(1993-2017)
Kre-O
Lincoln Logs
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
M.A.S.K.
Marvel Legends
Maxie
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pokémon (1998–2005)
Pound Puppies
Sesame Street
Skedoodle[50]
Spirograph
Star Wars
Talk 'n Play
Tinkertoy
Tayo the Little Bus
Transformers
Visionaries: Knights of the Magical Light
Yo-Kai Watch
Zoids


Hasbro is the largest producer of board games in the world as a result of its component brands, such as Parker Brothers, Waddingtons, Milton Bradley, Wizards of the Coast, and Avalon Hill (all acquisitions since the 1980s). As a result, it has well known and top selling games such as:
Main article: List of Hasbro games


Axis & Allies
Battleship
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Cranium
Clue (Cluedo)
Diplomacy
Duel Masters Trading Card Game
Dungeons & Dragons (role-playing game)
The Game of Life
The Grape Escape
Magic: The Gathering
Mirror-Mirror (Winner of ITV1's "Design a Board Game Competition")
Monopoly (best selling board game ever according to the Guinness World Records)
Operation
Ouija
Pictionary (North America only, non-North American rights owned by Mattel)
Risk
Scrabble
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble (AKA Frustration and Kimble)


Hasbro also produces many variations of most of their games. For example, in addition to original Scrabble, the game is also available as "Scrabble Deluxe Edition", "Scrabble Deluxe Travel Edition","Scrabble Junior", and "Scrabble Onyx Edition".
Hasbro also offers games of physical skill such as:

Bop It
Jenga

They have also sold games in the past which are now discontinued but can be found from second hand markets which include:

Brain Warp and its sister products which include Brain Shift, Brain Bash, Death Star Escape, Hyperslide and Torx.
Bull's-Eye Ball

Hasbro also offers a memory game called Simon which involves memorising sequences of colors and lights.
In 1995, Hasbro began a short-lived video game development and publishing venture called Hasbro Interactive, but disbanded it in 2001 when it was bought by the now defunct Infogrames. Now Hasbro develops video games based on its brands through third-party developers and licensing strategies, notably with major American companies such as Activision, Electronic Arts, and THQ. Following the rise of smartphones and tablet PCs in the 2010s, as well as major video gaming publishers cutting back on releasing games based on licensed IPs for various reasons, such as economic slumps, several of Hasbro's brands were licensed towards mobile game developers such as Gameloft, releasing their games under the label Hasbro Gaming.
On February 25, 2005, Hasbro announced that it would be introducing a musical toothbrush to the market. The Tooth Tunes, released in early 2007, transmits music from the jawbone to the ear when the bristles touch the teeth.
Films and television[edit]
Further information: Hasbro Studios
See also[edit]

List of game manufacturers
Test mode



Companies portal
Toys portal
Rhode Island portal
United States portal


References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Company Financials Hasbro, Inc.". Google Finance. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ "HAS Profile - Hasbro, Inc. Stock - Yahoo Finance". 
^ http://corporate.hasbro.com/documents/Corporate_Fact_Sheet_November_2015.pdf
^ "Fun For Profit: The World's Nine Biggest Toy Companies". January 21, 2014. 
^ "History of Hasbro, Inc. – FundingUniverse". 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s "Hasbro, Inc. History". International Directory of Company Histories Vol. 16. St. James Press. Retrieved 6 February 2013. 
^ "Lawn Darts Are Banned and Should Be Destroyed". U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. 1997-05-15. Retrieved 2011-01-25. Pointed lawn darts, intended for use in an outdoor game, have been responsible for the deaths of three children. The most recent injury occurred last week in Elkhart, Ind., when a 7-year-old boy suffered a brain injury after a lawn dart pierced his skull. 
^ "Hasbro Bradley, Inc. v. Sparkle Toys, Inc., 780 F.2d 189 (2nd Cir. 1985)". 
^ "Company News; Hasbro in Accord For Coleco Lines". New York Times. July 12, 1988. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ "Company News; Hasbro's Purchase Of Coleco's Assets". New York Times. AP. July 13, 1989. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ Leffall, J. (August 5, 1998). "Monarch Avalon to sell game unit to Hasbro In wake of loss, local company to get $6 million in cash". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ L. de Rosa, Peter (Summer 2002). "The Fall of Avalon Hill". Academic Gaming Review. 4 (4). Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Hasbro to Acquire Wizards of the Coast". About.com. September 11, 1999. Retrieved January 4, 2008. 
^ Company News; Hasbro Completes Sale Of Interactive Business from The New York Times
^ a b "Hasbro pushes into Lego's land with new blocks". USA Today. Gannett Co. Inc. AP. February 13, 2011. Retrieved November 6, 2015. 
^ "U.S. Group Accuses Chinese Toy Factories of Labor Abuses" from The New York Times
^ "Hasbro Acquires Cranium". Boardgames.about.com. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ ""Hasbro Announces Agreement to Acquire Cranium, Inc." press release". Phx.corporate-ir.net. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ "No brainer: Hasbro buys Cranium". msnbc.com. 
^ Watercutter, Angela (2011-11-05). "Bronies' TV Spot Shows Changing Face of My Little Pony Herd". Wired. Retrieved 2012-11-05. 
^ Gennis, Sadie (July 31, 2013). "Give Bronies a Break! In Defense of Adult My Little Pony Fans". TV Guide. Retrieved September 23, 2014. 
^ "Hasbro Extends Disney Pact for Marvel, Star Wars Toys and Games". Variety. July 22, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Gottlieb, Richard (April 27, 2011). "Manufacturing your products in the USA; Hasbro steps up with a domestic contract manufacturing service". Global Toy News. Retrieved July 21, 2015. 
^ a b c "Guess Who's sexist? Classic board game's gender bias leaves six-year-old fuming from The Independent
^ Hasbro Continues To Lay Off Workers Despite Expansion Plans. GoLocalProv (2013-04-30). Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ "Six-year-old schools Hasbro on gender equality" from "Yahoo Games"
^ Brian Goldner: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek. Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ Patane, Matthew (July 9, 2013). "Boulder’s Backflip Studios sells majority stake to Hasbro". The Denver Post. Digital First Media. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ Lieberman, David; Patten, Dominic (November 12, 2014). "DreamWorks Animation & Hasbro In Merger Talks; Deal With Hearst Looming". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J.; Barnes, Brooks (November 14, 2014). "Hasbro Said to End Talks to Take Over DreamWorks Animation". New York Times. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ Kinney, Jim (July 14, 2015). "Hasbro to sell East Longmeadow plant to Belgian playing cards and games manufacturer". MassLive. The Republican. Retrieved July 14, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (December 17, 2015). "The $500 Million Battle Over Disney’s Princesses". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Schwindt, Oriana (July 13, 2016). "Hasbro Acquires Dublin-Based Animation Studio Boulder Media". Variety. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ Tsirbas, Christos (October 19, 2016). "Hasbro's HASCON Convention Celebrates My LIttle Pony, Transformers & More". CBR.com. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Phil Radford. "Hasbro Turns Over a New Leaf, Steps Up for Rainforests". Huffington Post. Retrieved 24 August 2011. 
^ "Hasbro knows all about selling to kids - and nothing much about talking to them" from "http://www.byjenniferoconnell.com"
^ "Teen starts campaign for gender neutral Easy Bake Oven" from Good Morning America
^ "Teen girl petitions Hasbro to market Easy Bake Oven also to boys" from the Los Angeles Times
^ Emanuella Grinberg, CNN (December 6, 2012). "Teen says pink toy ovens discourage boys from kitchen play". CNN. 
^ "J.J. Abrams addresses 'preposterous' lack of Rey toys for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'". January 9, 2016. 
^ "Complaint" (PDF). PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 November 2015. 
^ "Workers riot at Chinese factory producing Nerf toys for Hasbro" from USA Today
^ "Working Conditions and Factory Auditing in the Chinese Toy Industry". 
^ "Barbie, Mickey Mouse, Optimus Prime, Thomas the Tank Engine: Who Else Continues to Exploit Toy Workers?". 
^ "‘Painful and difficult’ decision as 140 jobs lost" from The Munster Express
^ "How to Access Bop It Shout Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "How to Access Bop It Beats Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Hasbro - Best Companies to Work For 2013 - Fortune". Money.cnn.com. 2013-02-04. Retrieved 2013-07-10. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Light Bulb Baking". ToyTales.ca. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Skedoodle". ToyTales.ca. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Hasbro: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe












v
t
e


Monopoly



History



History of Monopoly
Chance and Community Chest cards





Game designers
and early publishers



Elizabeth "Lizzie" Magie
Scott Nearing
Charles Darrow





Related games



Anti-Monopoly
The Landlord's Game
Easy Money
Finance





Hasbro Monopoly
and licensees



Monopoly
Parker Brothers
Milton Bradley
Hasbro
Waddingtons
Winning Moves
Get Out of Jail Free card
Rich Uncle Pennybags
Monopoly money





Modern variants



Licensed and localized editions
My Monopoly
Monopoly: The Mega Edition
Monopoly City





Spin-off games





Board/dice games




Monopoly Junior
Advance to Boardwalk
Don't Go to Jail (Monopoly Express)






Card games




Free Parking
Waterworks
Monopoly: The Card Game
Express Monopoly
Monopoly Deal








Monopoly on television



1990 game show
Monopoly Millionaires' Club
Family Game Night





Monopoly metaphors
and idioms



"Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200."
"Get Out of Jail Free card"
"Monopoly money"





See also



Ralph Anspach
McDonald's Monopoly
Late for the Sky
Pinball game
Monopoly Tycoon
Monopoly Party
Video games
London Monopoly locations
Monopoly City Streets
The Mad Magazine Game
Monopoly Millionaires' Club












v
t
e


Superhero toy lines



DC



Batman
Batman action figures
Batman: Total Justice
Batman Unlimited
DC Comics Super Hero Collection
DC Direct
DC Minimates
DC Superheroes
DC Super Hero Girls
DC Universe
DC Universe All-Stars
DC Universe Classics
Justice League Unlimited
Lego Batman
Movie Masters
Super Powers Collection





Marvel



The Classic Marvel Figurine Collection
Hulk Classics
Iron Man: The Armored Avenger
Marvel Legends
Marvel Legends Showdown
Marvel Minimates
Marvel Select
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Mega Morphs
Secret Wars
Spider-Man and Friends
Spider-Man Classics
Thor: The Mighty Avenger
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Classics
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Other



Captain Action
The Centurions
Masters of the Universe
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
ThunderCats
Toxic Crusaders
Transformers





Manufacturers



Bandai Namco (Bandai)
Diamond Select Toys
Hasbro
Kenner Products
LJN
Marvel Toys
Mattel
McFarlane Toys
Mego
National Entertainment Collectibles Association
Palisades Toys
Playmates Toys
Remco
Takara Tomy





Designers



Art Asylum
Four Horsemen Studios





News



2007 Chinese export recalls
Toy Biz, Inc. v. United States












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hasbro&oldid=791899552"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQHasbro1923 establishments in Rhode IslandAmerican companies established in 1923Toy brandsToy companies of the United StatesDoll manufacturing companiesGame manufacturersMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies established in 1923Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange3D publishingHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from June 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Articles with unsourced statements from February 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어हिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 04:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hasbro - Wikipedia






















 






Hasbro

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hassenfeld Brothers)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Hasbro, Inc.





Formerly called

Hassenfeld Brothers
Hasbro Bradley



Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: HAS
NASDAQ-100 component
S&P 500 component





Industry



Toys
Entertainment





Founded
December 6, 1923; 93 years ago (1923-12-06) (as Hassenfeld Brothers)


Founder



Henry Hassenfeld
Hillel Hassenfeld
Herman Hassenfeld





Headquarters
Pawtucket, Rhode Island, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Brian Goldner (Chairman & CEO)
Deborah Thomas (CFO)
John Frascotti (President)
Duncan J. Billing (EVP, Global Operations and Business Development)





Products



Toys
Puzzles
Board games
War games
RPG
Sports equipment





Brands



Milton Bradley
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tonka





Revenue
 US$5.01 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$788.05 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$551.38 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 5.09 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$1.86 billion (2016)[1]


Owner
Alan G. Hassenfeld (7.82%)



Number of employees

5,000 (2017)[2][3]


Divisions
Hasbro Gaming


Subsidiaries



Hasbro Studios
Tiger Electronics
Wizards of the Coast
Boulder Media Limited





Website
hasbro.com


Hasbro, Inc. (/ˈhæzbroʊ/; an abbreviation of its original name, Hassenfeld Brothers) is an American multinational toy and board game company. Hasbro is the third largest toy maker in the world with revenues of approximately $4.45 billion.[4] Hasbro acquired the trademarks and products of Kenner, Parker Brothers and Milton Bradley, among others. Among its toy and game products are the iconic Monopoly board game, G.I. Joe figurine, Furby electronic stuffed animal, Transformers mechanical toys and My Little Pony. The Hasbro brand also spawned TV shows, such as Family Game Night on the Discovery Family network, to promote its products. The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The majority of its products are manufactured in East Asia.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Hassenfeld Brothers
1.2 Hasbro Industries
1.3 Hasbro


2 Controversy
3 Manufacture

3.1 Quality control


4 Impact
5 Subsidiaries

5.1 Former


6 Toys and games
7 Films and television
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Hassenfeld Brothers[edit]
In 1923, three brothers named Herman, Hillel and Henry Hassenfeld[5] founded Hassenfeld Brothers, a company selling textile remnants, in Providence, Rhode Island. Over the next two decades, the company expanded to produce pencil cases and school supplies. In 1926, Hassenfeld Brothers was incorporated, with Hillel leaving for another textile business while Henry took charge of the corporation. With cost of pencils rising and their pencil supplier making pencil cases, the Hassenfelds began making their own pencils, becoming a source of funding for future lines.[6]
In the 1940s, Hassenfeld Brothers produced doctor and nurse kits, its first toys, and modeling clay, becoming primarily a toy company by 1942. With Hillel's death in 1943, Henry Hassenfeld became CEO while his son, Merrill, became president. The company entered the plastic fields during World War II to support its toy line.[6] Hassenfeld Brothers' first toy hit was Mr. Potato Head,[6] which the company purchased from George Lerner in 1952. The toy was a smash success. In 1954, the company became a Disney major licensee.[6]
In 1960, Henry died and Merrill took over the parent company and his older brother Harold ran the pencil-making business, Empire Pencil. Hassenfeld Brothers expanded to Canada with Hassenfeld Brothers (Canada) Ltd. in 1961. The company was approached in 1963 to license a toy based on The Lieutenant, which they turned down because they did not want to be tied to a possibly short-lived television series. Instead, in 1964, Hassenfeld Brothers produced the G.I. Joe toy, which they termed an "action figure" in order to market the toy to boys who wouldn't want to play with "dolls." In 1964 and 1965, G.I. Joe accounted for two-thirds of Hassenfeld's sales.[6]
Hasbro Industries[edit]
Having previously sold toys under the Hasbro trade name, the company shortened its name to Hasbro Industries in 1968 and sold a minor stake in the corporation to the public.
With the unpopular Vietnam War at its height in 1969, Hasbro redesigned GI Joe to be less militaristic and more adventure oriented.[6] Its promotional efforts included the catchphrase "Boy Oh Boy! It's A Hasbro Toy!" in television commercials and print ads.[citation needed] Also in 1969 Hasbro bought Burt Claster Enterprises, which produced "Romper Room" and had just begun a Romper Room toy line. A month-long teamsters strike and far eastern supplier troubles caused the company to have a $1 million loss for the year.[6]
In 1970, Hasbro began a plan of diversification and opened the Romper Room Nursery School franchise chain to cash in on President Richard M. Nixon's Family Assistance Plan which subsidized day care for working mothers. By 1975, the company had ended the nursery chain. Hasbro also entered the cookware field with the Galloping Gourmet line based on a contemporary television cooking show. With an attack of termites on the line's salad bowls, the line collapsed.
Two new 1970s toys were public relations disasters. One of the toys was named Javelin Darts which were similar to the ancient Roman plumbata. On December 19, 1988, the Consumer Product Safety Commission banned lawn darts from sale in the United States due to their hazards as a flying projectile with a sharp metal point causing multiple deaths.[7] The other toy was named The Hypo-Squirt, a hypodermic needle shaped water gun tagged by the press as a "junior junkie" kit. Both were recalled. While Romper Room and its toy line had continued success, Action for Children's Television citizens group considered the program as an advertising channel for toys.[6]
Merrill Hassenfeld took over as CEO in 1974 with his son, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, becoming president. The company became profitable once again, but had mixed results due to cash flow problems from increasing the number of toys in the line to offset G.I. Joe's declining sales. In 1975, the G.I. Joe line was ended by Hasbro, caused by the rising price of plastic via its raw material and crude oil's increasing prices. In 1977, Hasbro's losses were $2.5 million and the company held a large debt load. That same year, Hasbro acquired Peanuts cartoon characters licensing rights. With the financial situation poor, Hasbro's bankers made the company temporarily stop dividend payments in early 1979. The toy division's losses increased Harold Hassenfeld's resentment regarding the company's treatment of the Empire Pencil subsidiary as Empire received lower levels of capital spending to profits than did the toy division. With Merrill's death in 1979, Harold did not recognize Stephen's authority as the successor to the chairman & CEO position. As a solution, Hasbro spun off Empire Pencil in 1980, then the nation's largest pencil maker with Harold trading his Hasbro shares for those of Empire. Stephen then became both the CEO and chairman of the board. Between 1978 and 1981, Stephen reduced the Hasbro product line by one-third and its new products by one-half. Hasbro focused on simple, low cost, longer life cycle toys like Mr. Potato Head. Hasbro thus stayed out of the electronic games field which went bust in the early 1980s.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro revived its G.I. Joe line—with the help of Marvel Comics—as an anti-terrorist commando based on current events. The company launched the successful Transformers toy line along with a children's animated TV series two years later. With the toys and TV Series being popular, Stephen Hassenfeld posed with the toys for a People magazine cover photo.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro produced another successful toy franchise, My Little Pony.[citation needed] In 1983, Hasbro purchased GLENCO Infant Items, a manufacturer of infant products and the world's largest bib producer and Knickerbocker Toy Company, a Warner Communications struggling subsidiary. Hasbro paid Warner with 37 percent of its own stock—paid into a Hasbro executive control voting trust—and also received a cash infusion. In 1984, Alan Hassenfeld took over as president from his brother Stephen, who continued as CEO and chairman. That same year, the company (then the nation's sixth-best-selling toymaker) acquired the Milton Bradley Company (then the nation's fifth bestselling toymaker), bringing The Game of Life, Twister, Easy Money and Playskool into the Hasbro fold and transforming Hasbro into Hasbro Bradley. Stephen Hassenfeld became the merged company's president and CEO with Milton Bradley chief James Shea Jr. taking the chairman position. However, the executives clashed and Shea left after a few months, and Stephen and Alan returned to their previous positions.[6]
Hasbro[edit]
In 1985, the company changed its name again to just Hasbro, Inc.[6] The Jumpstarters toys were the subject of a lawsuit in 1985 when Hasbro sued a toy manufacturer for selling toys based on their Transformers design. Hasbro won the suit.[8]
In the mid-1980s, Hasbro moved past Mattel to become the world's largest toy company. Hasbro then moved to outsell Mattel's Barbie in the fashion doll market with the 1986 introduction of Jem, a record producer/rock musician dual identity fashion doll. Initially posting strong sales, Jem plummeted and was withdrawn from the market in 1987. Hasbro followed up in 1988 with Maxie, a Barbie-sized blonde doll, so Barbie clothing and accessories would fit. Maxie lasted until 1990.[6]
Under Alan's initiative in the late 1980s, Hasbro moved to increase international sales by taking US market failed toys overseas and selling them for as much as four times the original price. This increased international sales from $268 million in 1985 to $433 million in 1988.[6]
In 1988, Hasbro purchased part of Coleco Industries' indoor and outdoor children's furniture and ride-on toy product lines for $21 million including two just closed manufacturing plants in Amsterdam, N.Y.[9] In July 1989, Hasbro acquired bankrupt Coleco for $85 million.[10] Stephen Hassenfeld died later that year with the company having gone from sales of $104 million in the year he took control to 1989 sales of over $1.4 billion.[6]
Alan succeeded Stephen as chairman and CEO. In 1991, Hasbro purchased Tonka Corp. for $486 million along with its Parker Brothers unit, the maker of Monopoly, and Kenner Products. Milton Bradley and Parker Brothers were merged into one division. Alan moved to expand Hasbro overseas with new units in Greece, Hungary, and Mexico.[6]
Alan saw the Far East as an important market in which to expand. In 1992, Hasbro purchased Nomura Toys Ltd. in Japan, and majority ownership of Palmyra, a Southeast Asian toy distributor. These increased the proportion of international sales from 22% in 1985 to 45% ($1.28 billion) in 1995. In 1993, Hasbro lost its bid for J. W. Spear & Sons, a U.K.-based game maker, to Mattel.[6]
In the US, Hasbro's growth since 1980 were from acquisitions and the leveraging of the new assets. New product development was not as successful except for movie and TV tie-in product lines with Jurassic Park and Barney. Thus, US sales were stagnant in the early 1990s, falling from 1993 to 1995. To turn domestic performance around in 1994, Hasbro merged the Hasbro Toy, Playskool, Playskool Baby, Kenner, and Kid Dimension units into the Hasbro Toy Group. Meanwhile, Mattel purchased Fisher-Price and retook the top spot in the toy industry.[6]
Hasbro Interactive was started in 1995 and released the Monopoly game on CD-ROM. Mattel also proposed a merger that year, but was turned down by the Hasbro board in 1996 due to antitrust issues and Justice Department investigation into exclusionary policies between toy manufacturers and toy retailers, particularly Toys "R" Us.[6]
In 1998, Hasbro bought Avalon Hill for $6 million[11][12] and in 1999 Wizards of the Coast was bought in a deal worth $325 million.[13] Wizards of the Coast is now a subsidiary of Hasbro and has Avalon Hill as its division. In 2001 money-losing Hasbro Interactive was sold to Infogrames, a French software concern, for $100 million.[14] Hasbro entered the building block toy with its Built to Rule line in 2003, which did not hold together well or were too hard for the targeted age group, thus ended in 2005.[15]
In 2007, a workers' rights group investigated several of Hasbro's Chinese suppliers and found that, in one instance, a toy factory in China's Guangxi Province had hired 1000 junior high school students. The same group discovered other widespread labor violations, including unsafe working conditions, mandatory overtime, verbal abuse and sexual harassment of employees. Hasbro issued a statement, saying that it would "act swiftly and decisively in making any necessary changes" and had "increased the intensity of [its] ongoing safety review efforts." Critics pointed out that Hasbro had no official regulatory control of these factories. Hasbro responded by hiring independent auditors. These auditors make unannounced visits to the East Asian subcontractors. Factory managers have been coached in how to fool the auditors.[16]
In 2008, Hasbro acquired game maker Cranium, Inc. for $77.5 million. The deal was announced on January 4 and closed on January 25.[17][18][19]
Hasbro is collaborating with Discovery Communications on Hub Network, a new cable network which began on October 10, 2010. The venture proved successful in unexpected ways when the TV revival of the My Little Pony franchise, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, became the network's highest-rated program with not only its target demographic of young girls, but attracted an unexpectedly significant cult following[20] among teens and adults.[21] The Hub Network was rebranded as Discovery Family on October 13, 2014. Hasbro also produces Marvel Comics and Star Wars toys, having recently renewed this deal through at least 2020.[22]
Hasbro by April 2011 started up its 360 Manufacturing Services, a contract OEM game manufacturing operating out of Hasbro's USA plant.[23] After the Built to Rule, Hasbro relaunched into the building block area with the Kre-O line in late 2011 starting with some Transformer based sets.[15]
In 2012, Hasbro received a US$1.6 million tax credit from the state of Rhode Island with a promise to create 245 new jobs in the state. Instead they laid off more than 125 workers. This was followed in 2013 with further layoffs of North American workers, amounting to 10% of its salaried employees. Meanwhile, CEO, Brian Goldner signed a new five-year contract.[24][25][26] As of fiscal year 2012, CEO, Brian Goldner had a total calculated compensation of $9,684,285.[27] In July 2013, Backflip Studios sold a 70% stake in the company to Hasbro for $112 million in cash.[28]
On November 12, 2014, it was reported that Hasbro was in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation. The proposal reportedly calls for the combined company to take the name "DreamWorks-Hasbro" and for Jeffrey Katzenberg to become its chairman, but as a matter of policy, neither Hasbro nor DWA publicly comment on mergers and acquisitions.[29] Two days later, the talks were reported to have fallen through.[30]
On July 14, 2015, the company announced the intent to sell its last two factories in Ireland and East Longmeadow, Massachusetts factories (including its 360 Manufacturing Services) to Cartamundi which should close in sixty days. Hasbro signed a five-year deal with Cartamundi to produce their board games at the East Longmeadow plant.[31]
With Mattel adding two competing lines and other blunders and an expiration of the Disney Princess license at the end of 2015, Disney gave Hasbro a chance to gain the license given their work on Star Wars which led to a Descendants license. DCP was also attempting to evolve the brand from one of them less as damsels and more as heroines. In September 2014, Disney announced that Hasbro would be the licensed doll maker for the Disney Princess line starting on January 1, 2016.[32]
In July 2016, Hasbro acquired Dublin-based Boulder Media Limited and placed it under the control of its chief content officer.[33] Hasbro announced that it would launch its own convention, named HASCON, and featuring "all things Hasbro" in 2016, with the inaugural event being held at the Rhode Island Convention Center in September 2017.[34]
Controversy[edit]
In 2011, Greenpeace accused Hasbro of purchasing paper for its packaging from ancient forests in Indonesia. Hasbro changed its paper purchasing policy, earning the company praise from Greenpeace Executive Director Phil Radford, who said: "The new Hasbro policy will also increase the recycled and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified paper in its toy packaging. Hasbro's new commitments are great news for Indonesian rainforests and the people and wildlife that depend on them."[35]
There have also been criticisms of Hasbro for focusing some of its products on specific demographic groups. For example, in November 2012, a letter from a six-year-old Irish girl complaining about the lack of female characters in the guessing game Guess Who? spread widely on social media[24] and garnered attention in the press after the girl's mother posted the exchange on her blog.[36] News reports criticized Hasbro's response as missing the point of the letter and not "kid-friendly." Guess Who? has previously received complaints over gender and ethnic bias in its choice of 24 images.[24] Hasbro primarily sells toys directed at either the girl or boy markets. As such, there have been criticisms that Hasbro's toys reinforce gender stereotypes. For example, in December 2012, 13-year-old McKenna Pope started a campaign on Change.org, calling on the company to create a "boy-friendly" version of the popular Easy-Bake Oven and to feature boys on their packaging and materials.[37][38] Within a week, over 30,000 people signed her petition.[39] Hasbro was criticized for sexist product design when its 2015 Star Wars Monopoly board game failed to feature Rey, the female protagonist in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, while nonetheless including all of the supporting male characters. On January 5, 2016, Hasbro announced that Rey would be included in future versions - but only after much criticism. This move perplexed even the movie's director, J. J. Abrams, who reportedly said, "I read that Rey wasn’t in the Monopoly game and was quickly making phone calls about this because, if it were true - and it is true, and now Hasbro, of course, has said they’re going to put Rey in—it doesn’t quite make sense why she wouldn’t be there. She’s somewhat important in the story."[40]
On October 2, 2015, Lorraine Markham sued Hasbro for breach of contract for failure to pay royalties to her. She is seeking a declaration from the U.S. District Court in Providence that her husband, Bill Markham, was the sole creator of The Game of Life.[41]
Manufacture[edit]
Over the years, Hasbro has outsourced the manufacture of its products to third-party companies, mostly in China. At the Chinese factories, which Hasbro does not directly own or operate, migrant workers are compensated with meagre salaries for their labor. At one such factory, in Dongguan, China, basic assembly line jobs pay a little over one hundred US dollars per month,[42] China's minimum wage. A report released by China Labor Watch in 2014 revealed numerous abuses at Hasbro's Chinese supplier companies, including labor contract violations, excessive and illegal overtime, poor living conditions, environmental pollution, and more. The report was investigated by a congressional hearing in December 2014.[43][44]
Outside Asia, Hasbro owns and operates only two manufacturing facilities, one in Waterford, Ireland, the other in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts, USA. In recent years, the company has cut jobs at both plants in response to increasing competition from lower cost locations in China. At the end of 2006, for example, Hasbro's Irish division laid off more than one third of its workforce.[45]
Quality control[edit]
To ensure that their electronic devices are at high quality standards, Hasbro and other toy companies add a test mode to the electronic device which allows the manufacturing team and all parts of Hasbro to make sure that all the sounds are present, the moving parts and lights are working and that the electronic device powers off normally. Sometimes the hidden modes are removed from the game in the final product, but most of modern games from 2009 onwards can be accessed by a consumer.[46][47] The game's instructions mentions nothing about these hidden modes and Hasbro do not share details on how to get to their own manufacturer mode as they have said that giving test mode instructions to a consumer considered to be proprietary.
Impact[edit]
Hasbro was named by Fortune magazine as one of the top 100 companies to work for in 2013, citing that the "company enhanced its vacation policy by giving new employees three weeks off in their first year instead of having to wait five years."[48]
Subsidiaries[edit]

Funskool
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka
Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill (brand)
Mirrorstone Books


Hasbro Gaming
Hasbro Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios

Hasbro Films

Allspark Pictures


Cake Mix Studios


Discovery Family (40%)
Boulder Media Limited


Backflip Studios (70%)

Former[edit]

Claster Television
Empire Pencil
Galoob
Hasbro Interactive
Kenner Products
Larami (name is now retired and part of the Nerf brand)
Selchow and Righter
Wrebbit
Cranium, Inc.
Milton Bradley Company
Parker Brothers

Toys and games[edit]
Main article: List of Hasbro toys
Hasbro has several brands of toys and games aimed at different demographics. Some of its better-known toy lines (past and present) are:


Action Man
Battle Beasts
Beyblade
B-Daman
Cabbage Patch Kids (1989–1994)
Chibibotto
Easy-Bake Oven[49]
Furby (2005–present)
FurReal Friends (Furry Frenzies)
G.I. Joe
Hamtaro
Inhumanoids
Jem
Jurassic Park(1993-2017)
Kre-O
Lincoln Logs
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
M.A.S.K.
Marvel Legends
Maxie
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pokémon (1998–2005)
Pound Puppies
Sesame Street
Skedoodle[50]
Spirograph
Star Wars
Talk 'n Play
Tinkertoy
Tayo the Little Bus
Transformers
Visionaries: Knights of the Magical Light
Yo-Kai Watch
Zoids


Hasbro is the largest producer of board games in the world as a result of its component brands, such as Parker Brothers, Waddingtons, Milton Bradley, Wizards of the Coast, and Avalon Hill (all acquisitions since the 1980s). As a result, it has well known and top selling games such as:
Main article: List of Hasbro games


Axis & Allies
Battleship
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Cranium
Clue (Cluedo)
Diplomacy
Duel Masters Trading Card Game
Dungeons & Dragons (role-playing game)
The Game of Life
The Grape Escape
Magic: The Gathering
Mirror-Mirror (Winner of ITV1's "Design a Board Game Competition")
Monopoly (best selling board game ever according to the Guinness World Records)
Operation
Ouija
Pictionary (North America only, non-North American rights owned by Mattel)
Risk
Scrabble
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble (AKA Frustration and Kimble)


Hasbro also produces many variations of most of their games. For example, in addition to original Scrabble, the game is also available as "Scrabble Deluxe Edition", "Scrabble Deluxe Travel Edition","Scrabble Junior", and "Scrabble Onyx Edition".
Hasbro also offers games of physical skill such as:

Bop It
Jenga

They have also sold games in the past which are now discontinued but can be found from second hand markets which include:

Brain Warp and its sister products which include Brain Shift, Brain Bash, Death Star Escape, Hyperslide and Torx.
Bull's-Eye Ball

Hasbro also offers a memory game called Simon which involves memorising sequences of colors and lights.
In 1995, Hasbro began a short-lived video game development and publishing venture called Hasbro Interactive, but disbanded it in 2001 when it was bought by the now defunct Infogrames. Now Hasbro develops video games based on its brands through third-party developers and licensing strategies, notably with major American companies such as Activision, Electronic Arts, and THQ. Following the rise of smartphones and tablet PCs in the 2010s, as well as major video gaming publishers cutting back on releasing games based on licensed IPs for various reasons, such as economic slumps, several of Hasbro's brands were licensed towards mobile game developers such as Gameloft, releasing their games under the label Hasbro Gaming.
On February 25, 2005, Hasbro announced that it would be introducing a musical toothbrush to the market. The Tooth Tunes, released in early 2007, transmits music from the jawbone to the ear when the bristles touch the teeth.
Films and television[edit]
Further information: Hasbro Studios
See also[edit]

List of game manufacturers
Test mode



Companies portal
Toys portal
Rhode Island portal
United States portal


References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Company Financials Hasbro, Inc.". Google Finance. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ "HAS Profile - Hasbro, Inc. Stock - Yahoo Finance". 
^ http://corporate.hasbro.com/documents/Corporate_Fact_Sheet_November_2015.pdf
^ "Fun For Profit: The World's Nine Biggest Toy Companies". January 21, 2014. 
^ "History of Hasbro, Inc. – FundingUniverse". 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s "Hasbro, Inc. History". International Directory of Company Histories Vol. 16. St. James Press. Retrieved 6 February 2013. 
^ "Lawn Darts Are Banned and Should Be Destroyed". U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. 1997-05-15. Retrieved 2011-01-25. Pointed lawn darts, intended for use in an outdoor game, have been responsible for the deaths of three children. The most recent injury occurred last week in Elkhart, Ind., when a 7-year-old boy suffered a brain injury after a lawn dart pierced his skull. 
^ "Hasbro Bradley, Inc. v. Sparkle Toys, Inc., 780 F.2d 189 (2nd Cir. 1985)". 
^ "Company News; Hasbro in Accord For Coleco Lines". New York Times. July 12, 1988. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ "Company News; Hasbro's Purchase Of Coleco's Assets". New York Times. AP. July 13, 1989. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ Leffall, J. (August 5, 1998). "Monarch Avalon to sell game unit to Hasbro In wake of loss, local company to get $6 million in cash". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ L. de Rosa, Peter (Summer 2002). "The Fall of Avalon Hill". Academic Gaming Review. 4 (4). Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Hasbro to Acquire Wizards of the Coast". About.com. September 11, 1999. Retrieved January 4, 2008. 
^ Company News; Hasbro Completes Sale Of Interactive Business from The New York Times
^ a b "Hasbro pushes into Lego's land with new blocks". USA Today. Gannett Co. Inc. AP. February 13, 2011. Retrieved November 6, 2015. 
^ "U.S. Group Accuses Chinese Toy Factories of Labor Abuses" from The New York Times
^ "Hasbro Acquires Cranium". Boardgames.about.com. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ ""Hasbro Announces Agreement to Acquire Cranium, Inc." press release". Phx.corporate-ir.net. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ "No brainer: Hasbro buys Cranium". msnbc.com. 
^ Watercutter, Angela (2011-11-05). "Bronies' TV Spot Shows Changing Face of My Little Pony Herd". Wired. Retrieved 2012-11-05. 
^ Gennis, Sadie (July 31, 2013). "Give Bronies a Break! In Defense of Adult My Little Pony Fans". TV Guide. Retrieved September 23, 2014. 
^ "Hasbro Extends Disney Pact for Marvel, Star Wars Toys and Games". Variety. July 22, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Gottlieb, Richard (April 27, 2011). "Manufacturing your products in the USA; Hasbro steps up with a domestic contract manufacturing service". Global Toy News. Retrieved July 21, 2015. 
^ a b c "Guess Who's sexist? Classic board game's gender bias leaves six-year-old fuming from The Independent
^ Hasbro Continues To Lay Off Workers Despite Expansion Plans. GoLocalProv (2013-04-30). Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ "Six-year-old schools Hasbro on gender equality" from "Yahoo Games"
^ Brian Goldner: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek. Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ Patane, Matthew (July 9, 2013). "Boulder’s Backflip Studios sells majority stake to Hasbro". The Denver Post. Digital First Media. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ Lieberman, David; Patten, Dominic (November 12, 2014). "DreamWorks Animation & Hasbro In Merger Talks; Deal With Hearst Looming". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J.; Barnes, Brooks (November 14, 2014). "Hasbro Said to End Talks to Take Over DreamWorks Animation". New York Times. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ Kinney, Jim (July 14, 2015). "Hasbro to sell East Longmeadow plant to Belgian playing cards and games manufacturer". MassLive. The Republican. Retrieved July 14, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (December 17, 2015). "The $500 Million Battle Over Disney’s Princesses". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Schwindt, Oriana (July 13, 2016). "Hasbro Acquires Dublin-Based Animation Studio Boulder Media". Variety. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ Tsirbas, Christos (October 19, 2016). "Hasbro's HASCON Convention Celebrates My LIttle Pony, Transformers & More". CBR.com. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Phil Radford. "Hasbro Turns Over a New Leaf, Steps Up for Rainforests". Huffington Post. Retrieved 24 August 2011. 
^ "Hasbro knows all about selling to kids - and nothing much about talking to them" from "http://www.byjenniferoconnell.com"
^ "Teen starts campaign for gender neutral Easy Bake Oven" from Good Morning America
^ "Teen girl petitions Hasbro to market Easy Bake Oven also to boys" from the Los Angeles Times
^ Emanuella Grinberg, CNN (December 6, 2012). "Teen says pink toy ovens discourage boys from kitchen play". CNN. 
^ "J.J. Abrams addresses 'preposterous' lack of Rey toys for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'". January 9, 2016. 
^ "Complaint" (PDF). PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 November 2015. 
^ "Workers riot at Chinese factory producing Nerf toys for Hasbro" from USA Today
^ "Working Conditions and Factory Auditing in the Chinese Toy Industry". 
^ "Barbie, Mickey Mouse, Optimus Prime, Thomas the Tank Engine: Who Else Continues to Exploit Toy Workers?". 
^ "‘Painful and difficult’ decision as 140 jobs lost" from The Munster Express
^ "How to Access Bop It Shout Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "How to Access Bop It Beats Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Hasbro - Best Companies to Work For 2013 - Fortune". Money.cnn.com. 2013-02-04. Retrieved 2013-07-10. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Light Bulb Baking". ToyTales.ca. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Skedoodle". ToyTales.ca. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Hasbro: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe












v
t
e


Monopoly



History



History of Monopoly
Chance and Community Chest cards





Game designers
and early publishers



Elizabeth "Lizzie" Magie
Scott Nearing
Charles Darrow





Related games



Anti-Monopoly
The Landlord's Game
Easy Money
Finance





Hasbro Monopoly
and licensees



Monopoly
Parker Brothers
Milton Bradley
Hasbro
Waddingtons
Winning Moves
Get Out of Jail Free card
Rich Uncle Pennybags
Monopoly money





Modern variants



Licensed and localized editions
My Monopoly
Monopoly: The Mega Edition
Monopoly City





Spin-off games





Board/dice games




Monopoly Junior
Advance to Boardwalk
Don't Go to Jail (Monopoly Express)






Card games




Free Parking
Waterworks
Monopoly: The Card Game
Express Monopoly
Monopoly Deal








Monopoly on television



1990 game show
Monopoly Millionaires' Club
Family Game Night





Monopoly metaphors
and idioms



"Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200."
"Get Out of Jail Free card"
"Monopoly money"





See also



Ralph Anspach
McDonald's Monopoly
Late for the Sky
Pinball game
Monopoly Tycoon
Monopoly Party
Video games
London Monopoly locations
Monopoly City Streets
The Mad Magazine Game
Monopoly Millionaires' Club












v
t
e


Superhero toy lines



DC



Batman
Batman action figures
Batman: Total Justice
Batman Unlimited
DC Comics Super Hero Collection
DC Direct
DC Minimates
DC Superheroes
DC Super Hero Girls
DC Universe
DC Universe All-Stars
DC Universe Classics
Justice League Unlimited
Lego Batman
Movie Masters
Super Powers Collection





Marvel



The Classic Marvel Figurine Collection
Hulk Classics
Iron Man: The Armored Avenger
Marvel Legends
Marvel Legends Showdown
Marvel Minimates
Marvel Select
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Mega Morphs
Secret Wars
Spider-Man and Friends
Spider-Man Classics
Thor: The Mighty Avenger
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Classics
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Other



Captain Action
The Centurions
Masters of the Universe
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
ThunderCats
Toxic Crusaders
Transformers





Manufacturers



Bandai Namco (Bandai)
Diamond Select Toys
Hasbro
Kenner Products
LJN
Marvel Toys
Mattel
McFarlane Toys
Mego
National Entertainment Collectibles Association
Palisades Toys
Playmates Toys
Remco
Takara Tomy





Designers



Art Asylum
Four Horsemen Studios





News



2007 Chinese export recalls
Toy Biz, Inc. v. United States












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hasbro&oldid=791899552"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQHasbro1923 establishments in Rhode IslandAmerican companies established in 1923Toy brandsToy companies of the United StatesDoll manufacturing companiesGame manufacturersMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies established in 1923Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange3D publishingHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from June 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Articles with unsourced statements from February 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어हिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 04:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hasbro - Wikipedia






















 






Hasbro

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hassenfeld Brothers)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Hasbro, Inc.





Formerly called

Hassenfeld Brothers
Hasbro Bradley



Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: HAS
NASDAQ-100 component
S&P 500 component





Industry



Toys
Entertainment





Founded
December 6, 1923; 93 years ago (1923-12-06) (as Hassenfeld Brothers)


Founder



Henry Hassenfeld
Hillel Hassenfeld
Herman Hassenfeld





Headquarters
Pawtucket, Rhode Island, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Brian Goldner (Chairman & CEO)
Deborah Thomas (CFO)
John Frascotti (President)
Duncan J. Billing (EVP, Global Operations and Business Development)





Products



Toys
Puzzles
Board games
War games
RPG
Sports equipment





Brands



Milton Bradley
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tonka





Revenue
 US$5.01 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$788.05 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$551.38 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 5.09 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$1.86 billion (2016)[1]


Owner
Alan G. Hassenfeld (7.82%)



Number of employees

5,000 (2017)[2][3]


Divisions
Hasbro Gaming


Subsidiaries



Hasbro Studios
Tiger Electronics
Wizards of the Coast
Boulder Media Limited





Website
hasbro.com


Hasbro, Inc. (/ˈhæzbroʊ/; an abbreviation of its original name, Hassenfeld Brothers) is an American multinational toy and board game company. Hasbro is the third largest toy maker in the world with revenues of approximately $4.45 billion.[4] Hasbro acquired the trademarks and products of Kenner, Parker Brothers and Milton Bradley, among others. Among its toy and game products are the iconic Monopoly board game, G.I. Joe figurine, Furby electronic stuffed animal, Transformers mechanical toys and My Little Pony. The Hasbro brand also spawned TV shows, such as Family Game Night on the Discovery Family network, to promote its products. The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The majority of its products are manufactured in East Asia.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Hassenfeld Brothers
1.2 Hasbro Industries
1.3 Hasbro


2 Controversy
3 Manufacture

3.1 Quality control


4 Impact
5 Subsidiaries

5.1 Former


6 Toys and games
7 Films and television
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Hassenfeld Brothers[edit]
In 1923, three brothers named Herman, Hillel and Henry Hassenfeld[5] founded Hassenfeld Brothers, a company selling textile remnants, in Providence, Rhode Island. Over the next two decades, the company expanded to produce pencil cases and school supplies. In 1926, Hassenfeld Brothers was incorporated, with Hillel leaving for another textile business while Henry took charge of the corporation. With cost of pencils rising and their pencil supplier making pencil cases, the Hassenfelds began making their own pencils, becoming a source of funding for future lines.[6]
In the 1940s, Hassenfeld Brothers produced doctor and nurse kits, its first toys, and modeling clay, becoming primarily a toy company by 1942. With Hillel's death in 1943, Henry Hassenfeld became CEO while his son, Merrill, became president. The company entered the plastic fields during World War II to support its toy line.[6] Hassenfeld Brothers' first toy hit was Mr. Potato Head,[6] which the company purchased from George Lerner in 1952. The toy was a smash success. In 1954, the company became a Disney major licensee.[6]
In 1960, Henry died and Merrill took over the parent company and his older brother Harold ran the pencil-making business, Empire Pencil. Hassenfeld Brothers expanded to Canada with Hassenfeld Brothers (Canada) Ltd. in 1961. The company was approached in 1963 to license a toy based on The Lieutenant, which they turned down because they did not want to be tied to a possibly short-lived television series. Instead, in 1964, Hassenfeld Brothers produced the G.I. Joe toy, which they termed an "action figure" in order to market the toy to boys who wouldn't want to play with "dolls." In 1964 and 1965, G.I. Joe accounted for two-thirds of Hassenfeld's sales.[6]
Hasbro Industries[edit]
Having previously sold toys under the Hasbro trade name, the company shortened its name to Hasbro Industries in 1968 and sold a minor stake in the corporation to the public.
With the unpopular Vietnam War at its height in 1969, Hasbro redesigned GI Joe to be less militaristic and more adventure oriented.[6] Its promotional efforts included the catchphrase "Boy Oh Boy! It's A Hasbro Toy!" in television commercials and print ads.[citation needed] Also in 1969 Hasbro bought Burt Claster Enterprises, which produced "Romper Room" and had just begun a Romper Room toy line. A month-long teamsters strike and far eastern supplier troubles caused the company to have a $1 million loss for the year.[6]
In 1970, Hasbro began a plan of diversification and opened the Romper Room Nursery School franchise chain to cash in on President Richard M. Nixon's Family Assistance Plan which subsidized day care for working mothers. By 1975, the company had ended the nursery chain. Hasbro also entered the cookware field with the Galloping Gourmet line based on a contemporary television cooking show. With an attack of termites on the line's salad bowls, the line collapsed.
Two new 1970s toys were public relations disasters. One of the toys was named Javelin Darts which were similar to the ancient Roman plumbata. On December 19, 1988, the Consumer Product Safety Commission banned lawn darts from sale in the United States due to their hazards as a flying projectile with a sharp metal point causing multiple deaths.[7] The other toy was named The Hypo-Squirt, a hypodermic needle shaped water gun tagged by the press as a "junior junkie" kit. Both were recalled. While Romper Room and its toy line had continued success, Action for Children's Television citizens group considered the program as an advertising channel for toys.[6]
Merrill Hassenfeld took over as CEO in 1974 with his son, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, becoming president. The company became profitable once again, but had mixed results due to cash flow problems from increasing the number of toys in the line to offset G.I. Joe's declining sales. In 1975, the G.I. Joe line was ended by Hasbro, caused by the rising price of plastic via its raw material and crude oil's increasing prices. In 1977, Hasbro's losses were $2.5 million and the company held a large debt load. That same year, Hasbro acquired Peanuts cartoon characters licensing rights. With the financial situation poor, Hasbro's bankers made the company temporarily stop dividend payments in early 1979. The toy division's losses increased Harold Hassenfeld's resentment regarding the company's treatment of the Empire Pencil subsidiary as Empire received lower levels of capital spending to profits than did the toy division. With Merrill's death in 1979, Harold did not recognize Stephen's authority as the successor to the chairman & CEO position. As a solution, Hasbro spun off Empire Pencil in 1980, then the nation's largest pencil maker with Harold trading his Hasbro shares for those of Empire. Stephen then became both the CEO and chairman of the board. Between 1978 and 1981, Stephen reduced the Hasbro product line by one-third and its new products by one-half. Hasbro focused on simple, low cost, longer life cycle toys like Mr. Potato Head. Hasbro thus stayed out of the electronic games field which went bust in the early 1980s.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro revived its G.I. Joe line—with the help of Marvel Comics—as an anti-terrorist commando based on current events. The company launched the successful Transformers toy line along with a children's animated TV series two years later. With the toys and TV Series being popular, Stephen Hassenfeld posed with the toys for a People magazine cover photo.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro produced another successful toy franchise, My Little Pony.[citation needed] In 1983, Hasbro purchased GLENCO Infant Items, a manufacturer of infant products and the world's largest bib producer and Knickerbocker Toy Company, a Warner Communications struggling subsidiary. Hasbro paid Warner with 37 percent of its own stock—paid into a Hasbro executive control voting trust—and also received a cash infusion. In 1984, Alan Hassenfeld took over as president from his brother Stephen, who continued as CEO and chairman. That same year, the company (then the nation's sixth-best-selling toymaker) acquired the Milton Bradley Company (then the nation's fifth bestselling toymaker), bringing The Game of Life, Twister, Easy Money and Playskool into the Hasbro fold and transforming Hasbro into Hasbro Bradley. Stephen Hassenfeld became the merged company's president and CEO with Milton Bradley chief James Shea Jr. taking the chairman position. However, the executives clashed and Shea left after a few months, and Stephen and Alan returned to their previous positions.[6]
Hasbro[edit]
In 1985, the company changed its name again to just Hasbro, Inc.[6] The Jumpstarters toys were the subject of a lawsuit in 1985 when Hasbro sued a toy manufacturer for selling toys based on their Transformers design. Hasbro won the suit.[8]
In the mid-1980s, Hasbro moved past Mattel to become the world's largest toy company. Hasbro then moved to outsell Mattel's Barbie in the fashion doll market with the 1986 introduction of Jem, a record producer/rock musician dual identity fashion doll. Initially posting strong sales, Jem plummeted and was withdrawn from the market in 1987. Hasbro followed up in 1988 with Maxie, a Barbie-sized blonde doll, so Barbie clothing and accessories would fit. Maxie lasted until 1990.[6]
Under Alan's initiative in the late 1980s, Hasbro moved to increase international sales by taking US market failed toys overseas and selling them for as much as four times the original price. This increased international sales from $268 million in 1985 to $433 million in 1988.[6]
In 1988, Hasbro purchased part of Coleco Industries' indoor and outdoor children's furniture and ride-on toy product lines for $21 million including two just closed manufacturing plants in Amsterdam, N.Y.[9] In July 1989, Hasbro acquired bankrupt Coleco for $85 million.[10] Stephen Hassenfeld died later that year with the company having gone from sales of $104 million in the year he took control to 1989 sales of over $1.4 billion.[6]
Alan succeeded Stephen as chairman and CEO. In 1991, Hasbro purchased Tonka Corp. for $486 million along with its Parker Brothers unit, the maker of Monopoly, and Kenner Products. Milton Bradley and Parker Brothers were merged into one division. Alan moved to expand Hasbro overseas with new units in Greece, Hungary, and Mexico.[6]
Alan saw the Far East as an important market in which to expand. In 1992, Hasbro purchased Nomura Toys Ltd. in Japan, and majority ownership of Palmyra, a Southeast Asian toy distributor. These increased the proportion of international sales from 22% in 1985 to 45% ($1.28 billion) in 1995. In 1993, Hasbro lost its bid for J. W. Spear & Sons, a U.K.-based game maker, to Mattel.[6]
In the US, Hasbro's growth since 1980 were from acquisitions and the leveraging of the new assets. New product development was not as successful except for movie and TV tie-in product lines with Jurassic Park and Barney. Thus, US sales were stagnant in the early 1990s, falling from 1993 to 1995. To turn domestic performance around in 1994, Hasbro merged the Hasbro Toy, Playskool, Playskool Baby, Kenner, and Kid Dimension units into the Hasbro Toy Group. Meanwhile, Mattel purchased Fisher-Price and retook the top spot in the toy industry.[6]
Hasbro Interactive was started in 1995 and released the Monopoly game on CD-ROM. Mattel also proposed a merger that year, but was turned down by the Hasbro board in 1996 due to antitrust issues and Justice Department investigation into exclusionary policies between toy manufacturers and toy retailers, particularly Toys "R" Us.[6]
In 1998, Hasbro bought Avalon Hill for $6 million[11][12] and in 1999 Wizards of the Coast was bought in a deal worth $325 million.[13] Wizards of the Coast is now a subsidiary of Hasbro and has Avalon Hill as its division. In 2001 money-losing Hasbro Interactive was sold to Infogrames, a French software concern, for $100 million.[14] Hasbro entered the building block toy with its Built to Rule line in 2003, which did not hold together well or were too hard for the targeted age group, thus ended in 2005.[15]
In 2007, a workers' rights group investigated several of Hasbro's Chinese suppliers and found that, in one instance, a toy factory in China's Guangxi Province had hired 1000 junior high school students. The same group discovered other widespread labor violations, including unsafe working conditions, mandatory overtime, verbal abuse and sexual harassment of employees. Hasbro issued a statement, saying that it would "act swiftly and decisively in making any necessary changes" and had "increased the intensity of [its] ongoing safety review efforts." Critics pointed out that Hasbro had no official regulatory control of these factories. Hasbro responded by hiring independent auditors. These auditors make unannounced visits to the East Asian subcontractors. Factory managers have been coached in how to fool the auditors.[16]
In 2008, Hasbro acquired game maker Cranium, Inc. for $77.5 million. The deal was announced on January 4 and closed on January 25.[17][18][19]
Hasbro is collaborating with Discovery Communications on Hub Network, a new cable network which began on October 10, 2010. The venture proved successful in unexpected ways when the TV revival of the My Little Pony franchise, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, became the network's highest-rated program with not only its target demographic of young girls, but attracted an unexpectedly significant cult following[20] among teens and adults.[21] The Hub Network was rebranded as Discovery Family on October 13, 2014. Hasbro also produces Marvel Comics and Star Wars toys, having recently renewed this deal through at least 2020.[22]
Hasbro by April 2011 started up its 360 Manufacturing Services, a contract OEM game manufacturing operating out of Hasbro's USA plant.[23] After the Built to Rule, Hasbro relaunched into the building block area with the Kre-O line in late 2011 starting with some Transformer based sets.[15]
In 2012, Hasbro received a US$1.6 million tax credit from the state of Rhode Island with a promise to create 245 new jobs in the state. Instead they laid off more than 125 workers. This was followed in 2013 with further layoffs of North American workers, amounting to 10% of its salaried employees. Meanwhile, CEO, Brian Goldner signed a new five-year contract.[24][25][26] As of fiscal year 2012, CEO, Brian Goldner had a total calculated compensation of $9,684,285.[27] In July 2013, Backflip Studios sold a 70% stake in the company to Hasbro for $112 million in cash.[28]
On November 12, 2014, it was reported that Hasbro was in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation. The proposal reportedly calls for the combined company to take the name "DreamWorks-Hasbro" and for Jeffrey Katzenberg to become its chairman, but as a matter of policy, neither Hasbro nor DWA publicly comment on mergers and acquisitions.[29] Two days later, the talks were reported to have fallen through.[30]
On July 14, 2015, the company announced the intent to sell its last two factories in Ireland and East Longmeadow, Massachusetts factories (including its 360 Manufacturing Services) to Cartamundi which should close in sixty days. Hasbro signed a five-year deal with Cartamundi to produce their board games at the East Longmeadow plant.[31]
With Mattel adding two competing lines and other blunders and an expiration of the Disney Princess license at the end of 2015, Disney gave Hasbro a chance to gain the license given their work on Star Wars which led to a Descendants license. DCP was also attempting to evolve the brand from one of them less as damsels and more as heroines. In September 2014, Disney announced that Hasbro would be the licensed doll maker for the Disney Princess line starting on January 1, 2016.[32]
In July 2016, Hasbro acquired Dublin-based Boulder Media Limited and placed it under the control of its chief content officer.[33] Hasbro announced that it would launch its own convention, named HASCON, and featuring "all things Hasbro" in 2016, with the inaugural event being held at the Rhode Island Convention Center in September 2017.[34]
Controversy[edit]
In 2011, Greenpeace accused Hasbro of purchasing paper for its packaging from ancient forests in Indonesia. Hasbro changed its paper purchasing policy, earning the company praise from Greenpeace Executive Director Phil Radford, who said: "The new Hasbro policy will also increase the recycled and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified paper in its toy packaging. Hasbro's new commitments are great news for Indonesian rainforests and the people and wildlife that depend on them."[35]
There have also been criticisms of Hasbro for focusing some of its products on specific demographic groups. For example, in November 2012, a letter from a six-year-old Irish girl complaining about the lack of female characters in the guessing game Guess Who? spread widely on social media[24] and garnered attention in the press after the girl's mother posted the exchange on her blog.[36] News reports criticized Hasbro's response as missing the point of the letter and not "kid-friendly." Guess Who? has previously received complaints over gender and ethnic bias in its choice of 24 images.[24] Hasbro primarily sells toys directed at either the girl or boy markets. As such, there have been criticisms that Hasbro's toys reinforce gender stereotypes. For example, in December 2012, 13-year-old McKenna Pope started a campaign on Change.org, calling on the company to create a "boy-friendly" version of the popular Easy-Bake Oven and to feature boys on their packaging and materials.[37][38] Within a week, over 30,000 people signed her petition.[39] Hasbro was criticized for sexist product design when its 2015 Star Wars Monopoly board game failed to feature Rey, the female protagonist in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, while nonetheless including all of the supporting male characters. On January 5, 2016, Hasbro announced that Rey would be included in future versions - but only after much criticism. This move perplexed even the movie's director, J. J. Abrams, who reportedly said, "I read that Rey wasn’t in the Monopoly game and was quickly making phone calls about this because, if it were true - and it is true, and now Hasbro, of course, has said they’re going to put Rey in—it doesn’t quite make sense why she wouldn’t be there. She’s somewhat important in the story."[40]
On October 2, 2015, Lorraine Markham sued Hasbro for breach of contract for failure to pay royalties to her. She is seeking a declaration from the U.S. District Court in Providence that her husband, Bill Markham, was the sole creator of The Game of Life.[41]
Manufacture[edit]
Over the years, Hasbro has outsourced the manufacture of its products to third-party companies, mostly in China. At the Chinese factories, which Hasbro does not directly own or operate, migrant workers are compensated with meagre salaries for their labor. At one such factory, in Dongguan, China, basic assembly line jobs pay a little over one hundred US dollars per month,[42] China's minimum wage. A report released by China Labor Watch in 2014 revealed numerous abuses at Hasbro's Chinese supplier companies, including labor contract violations, excessive and illegal overtime, poor living conditions, environmental pollution, and more. The report was investigated by a congressional hearing in December 2014.[43][44]
Outside Asia, Hasbro owns and operates only two manufacturing facilities, one in Waterford, Ireland, the other in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts, USA. In recent years, the company has cut jobs at both plants in response to increasing competition from lower cost locations in China. At the end of 2006, for example, Hasbro's Irish division laid off more than one third of its workforce.[45]
Quality control[edit]
To ensure that their electronic devices are at high quality standards, Hasbro and other toy companies add a test mode to the electronic device which allows the manufacturing team and all parts of Hasbro to make sure that all the sounds are present, the moving parts and lights are working and that the electronic device powers off normally. Sometimes the hidden modes are removed from the game in the final product, but most of modern games from 2009 onwards can be accessed by a consumer.[46][47] The game's instructions mentions nothing about these hidden modes and Hasbro do not share details on how to get to their own manufacturer mode as they have said that giving test mode instructions to a consumer considered to be proprietary.
Impact[edit]
Hasbro was named by Fortune magazine as one of the top 100 companies to work for in 2013, citing that the "company enhanced its vacation policy by giving new employees three weeks off in their first year instead of having to wait five years."[48]
Subsidiaries[edit]

Funskool
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka
Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill (brand)
Mirrorstone Books


Hasbro Gaming
Hasbro Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios

Hasbro Films

Allspark Pictures


Cake Mix Studios


Discovery Family (40%)
Boulder Media Limited


Backflip Studios (70%)

Former[edit]

Claster Television
Empire Pencil
Galoob
Hasbro Interactive
Kenner Products
Larami (name is now retired and part of the Nerf brand)
Selchow and Righter
Wrebbit
Cranium, Inc.
Milton Bradley Company
Parker Brothers

Toys and games[edit]
Main article: List of Hasbro toys
Hasbro has several brands of toys and games aimed at different demographics. Some of its better-known toy lines (past and present) are:


Action Man
Battle Beasts
Beyblade
B-Daman
Cabbage Patch Kids (1989–1994)
Chibibotto
Easy-Bake Oven[49]
Furby (2005–present)
FurReal Friends (Furry Frenzies)
G.I. Joe
Hamtaro
Inhumanoids
Jem
Jurassic Park(1993-2017)
Kre-O
Lincoln Logs
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
M.A.S.K.
Marvel Legends
Maxie
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pokémon (1998–2005)
Pound Puppies
Sesame Street
Skedoodle[50]
Spirograph
Star Wars
Talk 'n Play
Tinkertoy
Tayo the Little Bus
Transformers
Visionaries: Knights of the Magical Light
Yo-Kai Watch
Zoids


Hasbro is the largest producer of board games in the world as a result of its component brands, such as Parker Brothers, Waddingtons, Milton Bradley, Wizards of the Coast, and Avalon Hill (all acquisitions since the 1980s). As a result, it has well known and top selling games such as:
Main article: List of Hasbro games


Axis & Allies
Battleship
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Cranium
Clue (Cluedo)
Diplomacy
Duel Masters Trading Card Game
Dungeons & Dragons (role-playing game)
The Game of Life
The Grape Escape
Magic: The Gathering
Mirror-Mirror (Winner of ITV1's "Design a Board Game Competition")
Monopoly (best selling board game ever according to the Guinness World Records)
Operation
Ouija
Pictionary (North America only, non-North American rights owned by Mattel)
Risk
Scrabble
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble (AKA Frustration and Kimble)


Hasbro also produces many variations of most of their games. For example, in addition to original Scrabble, the game is also available as "Scrabble Deluxe Edition", "Scrabble Deluxe Travel Edition","Scrabble Junior", and "Scrabble Onyx Edition".
Hasbro also offers games of physical skill such as:

Bop It
Jenga

They have also sold games in the past which are now discontinued but can be found from second hand markets which include:

Brain Warp and its sister products which include Brain Shift, Brain Bash, Death Star Escape, Hyperslide and Torx.
Bull's-Eye Ball

Hasbro also offers a memory game called Simon which involves memorising sequences of colors and lights.
In 1995, Hasbro began a short-lived video game development and publishing venture called Hasbro Interactive, but disbanded it in 2001 when it was bought by the now defunct Infogrames. Now Hasbro develops video games based on its brands through third-party developers and licensing strategies, notably with major American companies such as Activision, Electronic Arts, and THQ. Following the rise of smartphones and tablet PCs in the 2010s, as well as major video gaming publishers cutting back on releasing games based on licensed IPs for various reasons, such as economic slumps, several of Hasbro's brands were licensed towards mobile game developers such as Gameloft, releasing their games under the label Hasbro Gaming.
On February 25, 2005, Hasbro announced that it would be introducing a musical toothbrush to the market. The Tooth Tunes, released in early 2007, transmits music from the jawbone to the ear when the bristles touch the teeth.
Films and television[edit]
Further information: Hasbro Studios
See also[edit]

List of game manufacturers
Test mode



Companies portal
Toys portal
Rhode Island portal
United States portal


References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Company Financials Hasbro, Inc.". Google Finance. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ "HAS Profile - Hasbro, Inc. Stock - Yahoo Finance". 
^ http://corporate.hasbro.com/documents/Corporate_Fact_Sheet_November_2015.pdf
^ "Fun For Profit: The World's Nine Biggest Toy Companies". January 21, 2014. 
^ "History of Hasbro, Inc. – FundingUniverse". 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s "Hasbro, Inc. History". International Directory of Company Histories Vol. 16. St. James Press. Retrieved 6 February 2013. 
^ "Lawn Darts Are Banned and Should Be Destroyed". U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. 1997-05-15. Retrieved 2011-01-25. Pointed lawn darts, intended for use in an outdoor game, have been responsible for the deaths of three children. The most recent injury occurred last week in Elkhart, Ind., when a 7-year-old boy suffered a brain injury after a lawn dart pierced his skull. 
^ "Hasbro Bradley, Inc. v. Sparkle Toys, Inc., 780 F.2d 189 (2nd Cir. 1985)". 
^ "Company News; Hasbro in Accord For Coleco Lines". New York Times. July 12, 1988. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ "Company News; Hasbro's Purchase Of Coleco's Assets". New York Times. AP. July 13, 1989. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ Leffall, J. (August 5, 1998). "Monarch Avalon to sell game unit to Hasbro In wake of loss, local company to get $6 million in cash". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ L. de Rosa, Peter (Summer 2002). "The Fall of Avalon Hill". Academic Gaming Review. 4 (4). Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Hasbro to Acquire Wizards of the Coast". About.com. September 11, 1999. Retrieved January 4, 2008. 
^ Company News; Hasbro Completes Sale Of Interactive Business from The New York Times
^ a b "Hasbro pushes into Lego's land with new blocks". USA Today. Gannett Co. Inc. AP. February 13, 2011. Retrieved November 6, 2015. 
^ "U.S. Group Accuses Chinese Toy Factories of Labor Abuses" from The New York Times
^ "Hasbro Acquires Cranium". Boardgames.about.com. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ ""Hasbro Announces Agreement to Acquire Cranium, Inc." press release". Phx.corporate-ir.net. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ "No brainer: Hasbro buys Cranium". msnbc.com. 
^ Watercutter, Angela (2011-11-05). "Bronies' TV Spot Shows Changing Face of My Little Pony Herd". Wired. Retrieved 2012-11-05. 
^ Gennis, Sadie (July 31, 2013). "Give Bronies a Break! In Defense of Adult My Little Pony Fans". TV Guide. Retrieved September 23, 2014. 
^ "Hasbro Extends Disney Pact for Marvel, Star Wars Toys and Games". Variety. July 22, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Gottlieb, Richard (April 27, 2011). "Manufacturing your products in the USA; Hasbro steps up with a domestic contract manufacturing service". Global Toy News. Retrieved July 21, 2015. 
^ a b c "Guess Who's sexist? Classic board game's gender bias leaves six-year-old fuming from The Independent
^ Hasbro Continues To Lay Off Workers Despite Expansion Plans. GoLocalProv (2013-04-30). Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ "Six-year-old schools Hasbro on gender equality" from "Yahoo Games"
^ Brian Goldner: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek. Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ Patane, Matthew (July 9, 2013). "Boulder’s Backflip Studios sells majority stake to Hasbro". The Denver Post. Digital First Media. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ Lieberman, David; Patten, Dominic (November 12, 2014). "DreamWorks Animation & Hasbro In Merger Talks; Deal With Hearst Looming". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J.; Barnes, Brooks (November 14, 2014). "Hasbro Said to End Talks to Take Over DreamWorks Animation". New York Times. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ Kinney, Jim (July 14, 2015). "Hasbro to sell East Longmeadow plant to Belgian playing cards and games manufacturer". MassLive. The Republican. Retrieved July 14, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (December 17, 2015). "The $500 Million Battle Over Disney’s Princesses". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Schwindt, Oriana (July 13, 2016). "Hasbro Acquires Dublin-Based Animation Studio Boulder Media". Variety. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ Tsirbas, Christos (October 19, 2016). "Hasbro's HASCON Convention Celebrates My LIttle Pony, Transformers & More". CBR.com. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Phil Radford. "Hasbro Turns Over a New Leaf, Steps Up for Rainforests". Huffington Post. Retrieved 24 August 2011. 
^ "Hasbro knows all about selling to kids - and nothing much about talking to them" from "http://www.byjenniferoconnell.com"
^ "Teen starts campaign for gender neutral Easy Bake Oven" from Good Morning America
^ "Teen girl petitions Hasbro to market Easy Bake Oven also to boys" from the Los Angeles Times
^ Emanuella Grinberg, CNN (December 6, 2012). "Teen says pink toy ovens discourage boys from kitchen play". CNN. 
^ "J.J. Abrams addresses 'preposterous' lack of Rey toys for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'". January 9, 2016. 
^ "Complaint" (PDF). PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 November 2015. 
^ "Workers riot at Chinese factory producing Nerf toys for Hasbro" from USA Today
^ "Working Conditions and Factory Auditing in the Chinese Toy Industry". 
^ "Barbie, Mickey Mouse, Optimus Prime, Thomas the Tank Engine: Who Else Continues to Exploit Toy Workers?". 
^ "‘Painful and difficult’ decision as 140 jobs lost" from The Munster Express
^ "How to Access Bop It Shout Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "How to Access Bop It Beats Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Hasbro - Best Companies to Work For 2013 - Fortune". Money.cnn.com. 2013-02-04. Retrieved 2013-07-10. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Light Bulb Baking". ToyTales.ca. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Skedoodle". ToyTales.ca. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Hasbro: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe












v
t
e


Monopoly



History



History of Monopoly
Chance and Community Chest cards





Game designers
and early publishers



Elizabeth "Lizzie" Magie
Scott Nearing
Charles Darrow





Related games



Anti-Monopoly
The Landlord's Game
Easy Money
Finance





Hasbro Monopoly
and licensees



Monopoly
Parker Brothers
Milton Bradley
Hasbro
Waddingtons
Winning Moves
Get Out of Jail Free card
Rich Uncle Pennybags
Monopoly money





Modern variants



Licensed and localized editions
My Monopoly
Monopoly: The Mega Edition
Monopoly City





Spin-off games





Board/dice games




Monopoly Junior
Advance to Boardwalk
Don't Go to Jail (Monopoly Express)






Card games




Free Parking
Waterworks
Monopoly: The Card Game
Express Monopoly
Monopoly Deal








Monopoly on television



1990 game show
Monopoly Millionaires' Club
Family Game Night





Monopoly metaphors
and idioms



"Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200."
"Get Out of Jail Free card"
"Monopoly money"





See also



Ralph Anspach
McDonald's Monopoly
Late for the Sky
Pinball game
Monopoly Tycoon
Monopoly Party
Video games
London Monopoly locations
Monopoly City Streets
The Mad Magazine Game
Monopoly Millionaires' Club












v
t
e


Superhero toy lines



DC



Batman
Batman action figures
Batman: Total Justice
Batman Unlimited
DC Comics Super Hero Collection
DC Direct
DC Minimates
DC Superheroes
DC Super Hero Girls
DC Universe
DC Universe All-Stars
DC Universe Classics
Justice League Unlimited
Lego Batman
Movie Masters
Super Powers Collection





Marvel



The Classic Marvel Figurine Collection
Hulk Classics
Iron Man: The Armored Avenger
Marvel Legends
Marvel Legends Showdown
Marvel Minimates
Marvel Select
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Mega Morphs
Secret Wars
Spider-Man and Friends
Spider-Man Classics
Thor: The Mighty Avenger
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Classics
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Other



Captain Action
The Centurions
Masters of the Universe
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
ThunderCats
Toxic Crusaders
Transformers





Manufacturers



Bandai Namco (Bandai)
Diamond Select Toys
Hasbro
Kenner Products
LJN
Marvel Toys
Mattel
McFarlane Toys
Mego
National Entertainment Collectibles Association
Palisades Toys
Playmates Toys
Remco
Takara Tomy





Designers



Art Asylum
Four Horsemen Studios





News



2007 Chinese export recalls
Toy Biz, Inc. v. United States












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hasbro&oldid=791899552"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQHasbro1923 establishments in Rhode IslandAmerican companies established in 1923Toy brandsToy companies of the United StatesDoll manufacturing companiesGame manufacturersMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies established in 1923Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange3D publishingHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from June 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Articles with unsourced statements from February 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어हिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 04:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 















Alan G. Hassenfeld - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Alan G. Hassenfeld
Board Member at Salesforce


View Full Profile
Are you Alan G. Hassenfeld? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Alan G. Hassenfeld's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Alan G. Hassenfeld's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Alan G. Hassenfeld's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Alan G. Hassenfeld through your network of contacts.
												








Alan G. Hassenfeld's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Salesforce


Past
To view Alan G. Hassenfeld's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															University of Pennsylvania


Age
68

 
 


Alan G. Hassenfeld's Biography



Alan Hassenfeld has served as a Director since December 2003. Mr. Hassenfeld has been a Director of Hasbro, Inc., a provider of children's and family entertainment products, since 1978. He served as its Chairman from 1989 to 2008, and also served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 1989 to 2003. Mr. Hassenfeld is a trustee of the Hasbro Charitable Trust and Hasbro Children's Foundation. During the past five years, Mr. Hassenfeld also served as a director of Global Cornerstone Holdings Limited. He also serves as a director of Salesforce.org, a non-profit public benefit corporation. Mr. Hassenfeld received a B.A. from the Universit ...
(Read More)

			Alan Hassenfeld has served as a Director since December 2003. Mr. Hassenfeld has been a Director of Hasbro, Inc., a provider of children's and family entertainment products, since 1978. He served as its Chairman from 1989 to 2008, and also served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 1989 to 2003. Mr. Hassenfeld is a trustee of the Hasbro Charitable Trust and Hasbro Children's Foundation. During the past five years, Mr. Hassenfeld also served as a director of Global Cornerstone Holdings Limited. He also serves as a director of Salesforce.org, a non-profit public benefit corporation. Mr. Hassenfeld received a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania. 
Qualifications 
Mr. Hassenfeld has an extensive and broad background in business management, including his experience as a chief executive officer of a publicly traded company. This deep business knowledge, combined with the leadership roles he plays within many philanthropic organizations, supports our conclusion that Mr. Hassenfeld has the necessary and desired skills, experience and perspective to serve on our Board.
		
Source: Salesforce on 04/26/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Alan G. Hassenfeld's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Alan G. Hassenfeld. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Alan G. Hassenfeld's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Alan G. Hassenfeld's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Alan G. Hassenfeld through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Alan G. Hassenfeld


















Alan G. Hassenfeld's Connections (329)





Sign up now to view Alan G. Hassenfeld's 329 connections »









Rochelle B. Lazarus
Board Member, General Electric Company









Tracy A. Leinbach
Board Member, Hasbro, Inc.









Edward B. Rust
Board Member, S&P Global, Inc.









Michael I. Roth
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.









Barry Salzberg
Former Board Member, Thomson Reuters Corporation









Henrietta H. Fore
Board Member, Exxon Mobil Corporation









Marc Benioff
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Salesforce









Richard J. Harrington
Former Consulting Advisor and Former Chief Executive Officer, Thomson Reuters Corporation









Maynard G. Webb
Board Member, Salesforce









Claudine B. Malone
Former Board Member, Novell








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Hasbro - Wikipedia






















 






Hasbro

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hassenfeld Brothers)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Hasbro, Inc.





Formerly called

Hassenfeld Brothers
Hasbro Bradley



Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: HAS
NASDAQ-100 component
S&P 500 component





Industry



Toys
Entertainment





Founded
December 6, 1923; 93 years ago (1923-12-06) (as Hassenfeld Brothers)


Founder



Henry Hassenfeld
Hillel Hassenfeld
Herman Hassenfeld





Headquarters
Pawtucket, Rhode Island, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Brian Goldner (Chairman & CEO)
Deborah Thomas (CFO)
John Frascotti (President)
Duncan J. Billing (EVP, Global Operations and Business Development)





Products



Toys
Puzzles
Board games
War games
RPG
Sports equipment





Brands



Milton Bradley
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tonka





Revenue
 US$5.01 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$788.05 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$551.38 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 5.09 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$1.86 billion (2016)[1]


Owner
Alan G. Hassenfeld (7.82%)



Number of employees

5,000 (2017)[2][3]


Divisions
Hasbro Gaming


Subsidiaries



Hasbro Studios
Tiger Electronics
Wizards of the Coast
Boulder Media Limited





Website
hasbro.com


Hasbro, Inc. (/ˈhæzbroʊ/; an abbreviation of its original name, Hassenfeld Brothers) is an American multinational toy and board game company. Hasbro is the third largest toy maker in the world with revenues of approximately $4.45 billion.[4] Hasbro acquired the trademarks and products of Kenner, Parker Brothers and Milton Bradley, among others. Among its toy and game products are the iconic Monopoly board game, G.I. Joe figurine, Furby electronic stuffed animal, Transformers mechanical toys and My Little Pony. The Hasbro brand also spawned TV shows, such as Family Game Night on the Discovery Family network, to promote its products. The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The majority of its products are manufactured in East Asia.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Hassenfeld Brothers
1.2 Hasbro Industries
1.3 Hasbro


2 Controversy
3 Manufacture

3.1 Quality control


4 Impact
5 Subsidiaries

5.1 Former


6 Toys and games
7 Films and television
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Hassenfeld Brothers[edit]
In 1923, three brothers named Herman, Hillel and Henry Hassenfeld[5] founded Hassenfeld Brothers, a company selling textile remnants, in Providence, Rhode Island. Over the next two decades, the company expanded to produce pencil cases and school supplies. In 1926, Hassenfeld Brothers was incorporated, with Hillel leaving for another textile business while Henry took charge of the corporation. With cost of pencils rising and their pencil supplier making pencil cases, the Hassenfelds began making their own pencils, becoming a source of funding for future lines.[6]
In the 1940s, Hassenfeld Brothers produced doctor and nurse kits, its first toys, and modeling clay, becoming primarily a toy company by 1942. With Hillel's death in 1943, Henry Hassenfeld became CEO while his son, Merrill, became president. The company entered the plastic fields during World War II to support its toy line.[6] Hassenfeld Brothers' first toy hit was Mr. Potato Head,[6] which the company purchased from George Lerner in 1952. The toy was a smash success. In 1954, the company became a Disney major licensee.[6]
In 1960, Henry died and Merrill took over the parent company and his older brother Harold ran the pencil-making business, Empire Pencil. Hassenfeld Brothers expanded to Canada with Hassenfeld Brothers (Canada) Ltd. in 1961. The company was approached in 1963 to license a toy based on The Lieutenant, which they turned down because they did not want to be tied to a possibly short-lived television series. Instead, in 1964, Hassenfeld Brothers produced the G.I. Joe toy, which they termed an "action figure" in order to market the toy to boys who wouldn't want to play with "dolls." In 1964 and 1965, G.I. Joe accounted for two-thirds of Hassenfeld's sales.[6]
Hasbro Industries[edit]
Having previously sold toys under the Hasbro trade name, the company shortened its name to Hasbro Industries in 1968 and sold a minor stake in the corporation to the public.
With the unpopular Vietnam War at its height in 1969, Hasbro redesigned GI Joe to be less militaristic and more adventure oriented.[6] Its promotional efforts included the catchphrase "Boy Oh Boy! It's A Hasbro Toy!" in television commercials and print ads.[citation needed] Also in 1969 Hasbro bought Burt Claster Enterprises, which produced "Romper Room" and had just begun a Romper Room toy line. A month-long teamsters strike and far eastern supplier troubles caused the company to have a $1 million loss for the year.[6]
In 1970, Hasbro began a plan of diversification and opened the Romper Room Nursery School franchise chain to cash in on President Richard M. Nixon's Family Assistance Plan which subsidized day care for working mothers. By 1975, the company had ended the nursery chain. Hasbro also entered the cookware field with the Galloping Gourmet line based on a contemporary television cooking show. With an attack of termites on the line's salad bowls, the line collapsed.
Two new 1970s toys were public relations disasters. One of the toys was named Javelin Darts which were similar to the ancient Roman plumbata. On December 19, 1988, the Consumer Product Safety Commission banned lawn darts from sale in the United States due to their hazards as a flying projectile with a sharp metal point causing multiple deaths.[7] The other toy was named The Hypo-Squirt, a hypodermic needle shaped water gun tagged by the press as a "junior junkie" kit. Both were recalled. While Romper Room and its toy line had continued success, Action for Children's Television citizens group considered the program as an advertising channel for toys.[6]
Merrill Hassenfeld took over as CEO in 1974 with his son, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, becoming president. The company became profitable once again, but had mixed results due to cash flow problems from increasing the number of toys in the line to offset G.I. Joe's declining sales. In 1975, the G.I. Joe line was ended by Hasbro, caused by the rising price of plastic via its raw material and crude oil's increasing prices. In 1977, Hasbro's losses were $2.5 million and the company held a large debt load. That same year, Hasbro acquired Peanuts cartoon characters licensing rights. With the financial situation poor, Hasbro's bankers made the company temporarily stop dividend payments in early 1979. The toy division's losses increased Harold Hassenfeld's resentment regarding the company's treatment of the Empire Pencil subsidiary as Empire received lower levels of capital spending to profits than did the toy division. With Merrill's death in 1979, Harold did not recognize Stephen's authority as the successor to the chairman & CEO position. As a solution, Hasbro spun off Empire Pencil in 1980, then the nation's largest pencil maker with Harold trading his Hasbro shares for those of Empire. Stephen then became both the CEO and chairman of the board. Between 1978 and 1981, Stephen reduced the Hasbro product line by one-third and its new products by one-half. Hasbro focused on simple, low cost, longer life cycle toys like Mr. Potato Head. Hasbro thus stayed out of the electronic games field which went bust in the early 1980s.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro revived its G.I. Joe line—with the help of Marvel Comics—as an anti-terrorist commando based on current events. The company launched the successful Transformers toy line along with a children's animated TV series two years later. With the toys and TV Series being popular, Stephen Hassenfeld posed with the toys for a People magazine cover photo.[6]
In 1982, Hasbro produced another successful toy franchise, My Little Pony.[citation needed] In 1983, Hasbro purchased GLENCO Infant Items, a manufacturer of infant products and the world's largest bib producer and Knickerbocker Toy Company, a Warner Communications struggling subsidiary. Hasbro paid Warner with 37 percent of its own stock—paid into a Hasbro executive control voting trust—and also received a cash infusion. In 1984, Alan Hassenfeld took over as president from his brother Stephen, who continued as CEO and chairman. That same year, the company (then the nation's sixth-best-selling toymaker) acquired the Milton Bradley Company (then the nation's fifth bestselling toymaker), bringing The Game of Life, Twister, Easy Money and Playskool into the Hasbro fold and transforming Hasbro into Hasbro Bradley. Stephen Hassenfeld became the merged company's president and CEO with Milton Bradley chief James Shea Jr. taking the chairman position. However, the executives clashed and Shea left after a few months, and Stephen and Alan returned to their previous positions.[6]
Hasbro[edit]
In 1985, the company changed its name again to just Hasbro, Inc.[6] The Jumpstarters toys were the subject of a lawsuit in 1985 when Hasbro sued a toy manufacturer for selling toys based on their Transformers design. Hasbro won the suit.[8]
In the mid-1980s, Hasbro moved past Mattel to become the world's largest toy company. Hasbro then moved to outsell Mattel's Barbie in the fashion doll market with the 1986 introduction of Jem, a record producer/rock musician dual identity fashion doll. Initially posting strong sales, Jem plummeted and was withdrawn from the market in 1987. Hasbro followed up in 1988 with Maxie, a Barbie-sized blonde doll, so Barbie clothing and accessories would fit. Maxie lasted until 1990.[6]
Under Alan's initiative in the late 1980s, Hasbro moved to increase international sales by taking US market failed toys overseas and selling them for as much as four times the original price. This increased international sales from $268 million in 1985 to $433 million in 1988.[6]
In 1988, Hasbro purchased part of Coleco Industries' indoor and outdoor children's furniture and ride-on toy product lines for $21 million including two just closed manufacturing plants in Amsterdam, N.Y.[9] In July 1989, Hasbro acquired bankrupt Coleco for $85 million.[10] Stephen Hassenfeld died later that year with the company having gone from sales of $104 million in the year he took control to 1989 sales of over $1.4 billion.[6]
Alan succeeded Stephen as chairman and CEO. In 1991, Hasbro purchased Tonka Corp. for $486 million along with its Parker Brothers unit, the maker of Monopoly, and Kenner Products. Milton Bradley and Parker Brothers were merged into one division. Alan moved to expand Hasbro overseas with new units in Greece, Hungary, and Mexico.[6]
Alan saw the Far East as an important market in which to expand. In 1992, Hasbro purchased Nomura Toys Ltd. in Japan, and majority ownership of Palmyra, a Southeast Asian toy distributor. These increased the proportion of international sales from 22% in 1985 to 45% ($1.28 billion) in 1995. In 1993, Hasbro lost its bid for J. W. Spear & Sons, a U.K.-based game maker, to Mattel.[6]
In the US, Hasbro's growth since 1980 were from acquisitions and the leveraging of the new assets. New product development was not as successful except for movie and TV tie-in product lines with Jurassic Park and Barney. Thus, US sales were stagnant in the early 1990s, falling from 1993 to 1995. To turn domestic performance around in 1994, Hasbro merged the Hasbro Toy, Playskool, Playskool Baby, Kenner, and Kid Dimension units into the Hasbro Toy Group. Meanwhile, Mattel purchased Fisher-Price and retook the top spot in the toy industry.[6]
Hasbro Interactive was started in 1995 and released the Monopoly game on CD-ROM. Mattel also proposed a merger that year, but was turned down by the Hasbro board in 1996 due to antitrust issues and Justice Department investigation into exclusionary policies between toy manufacturers and toy retailers, particularly Toys "R" Us.[6]
In 1998, Hasbro bought Avalon Hill for $6 million[11][12] and in 1999 Wizards of the Coast was bought in a deal worth $325 million.[13] Wizards of the Coast is now a subsidiary of Hasbro and has Avalon Hill as its division. In 2001 money-losing Hasbro Interactive was sold to Infogrames, a French software concern, for $100 million.[14] Hasbro entered the building block toy with its Built to Rule line in 2003, which did not hold together well or were too hard for the targeted age group, thus ended in 2005.[15]
In 2007, a workers' rights group investigated several of Hasbro's Chinese suppliers and found that, in one instance, a toy factory in China's Guangxi Province had hired 1000 junior high school students. The same group discovered other widespread labor violations, including unsafe working conditions, mandatory overtime, verbal abuse and sexual harassment of employees. Hasbro issued a statement, saying that it would "act swiftly and decisively in making any necessary changes" and had "increased the intensity of [its] ongoing safety review efforts." Critics pointed out that Hasbro had no official regulatory control of these factories. Hasbro responded by hiring independent auditors. These auditors make unannounced visits to the East Asian subcontractors. Factory managers have been coached in how to fool the auditors.[16]
In 2008, Hasbro acquired game maker Cranium, Inc. for $77.5 million. The deal was announced on January 4 and closed on January 25.[17][18][19]
Hasbro is collaborating with Discovery Communications on Hub Network, a new cable network which began on October 10, 2010. The venture proved successful in unexpected ways when the TV revival of the My Little Pony franchise, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, became the network's highest-rated program with not only its target demographic of young girls, but attracted an unexpectedly significant cult following[20] among teens and adults.[21] The Hub Network was rebranded as Discovery Family on October 13, 2014. Hasbro also produces Marvel Comics and Star Wars toys, having recently renewed this deal through at least 2020.[22]
Hasbro by April 2011 started up its 360 Manufacturing Services, a contract OEM game manufacturing operating out of Hasbro's USA plant.[23] After the Built to Rule, Hasbro relaunched into the building block area with the Kre-O line in late 2011 starting with some Transformer based sets.[15]
In 2012, Hasbro received a US$1.6 million tax credit from the state of Rhode Island with a promise to create 245 new jobs in the state. Instead they laid off more than 125 workers. This was followed in 2013 with further layoffs of North American workers, amounting to 10% of its salaried employees. Meanwhile, CEO, Brian Goldner signed a new five-year contract.[24][25][26] As of fiscal year 2012, CEO, Brian Goldner had a total calculated compensation of $9,684,285.[27] In July 2013, Backflip Studios sold a 70% stake in the company to Hasbro for $112 million in cash.[28]
On November 12, 2014, it was reported that Hasbro was in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation. The proposal reportedly calls for the combined company to take the name "DreamWorks-Hasbro" and for Jeffrey Katzenberg to become its chairman, but as a matter of policy, neither Hasbro nor DWA publicly comment on mergers and acquisitions.[29] Two days later, the talks were reported to have fallen through.[30]
On July 14, 2015, the company announced the intent to sell its last two factories in Ireland and East Longmeadow, Massachusetts factories (including its 360 Manufacturing Services) to Cartamundi which should close in sixty days. Hasbro signed a five-year deal with Cartamundi to produce their board games at the East Longmeadow plant.[31]
With Mattel adding two competing lines and other blunders and an expiration of the Disney Princess license at the end of 2015, Disney gave Hasbro a chance to gain the license given their work on Star Wars which led to a Descendants license. DCP was also attempting to evolve the brand from one of them less as damsels and more as heroines. In September 2014, Disney announced that Hasbro would be the licensed doll maker for the Disney Princess line starting on January 1, 2016.[32]
In July 2016, Hasbro acquired Dublin-based Boulder Media Limited and placed it under the control of its chief content officer.[33] Hasbro announced that it would launch its own convention, named HASCON, and featuring "all things Hasbro" in 2016, with the inaugural event being held at the Rhode Island Convention Center in September 2017.[34]
Controversy[edit]
In 2011, Greenpeace accused Hasbro of purchasing paper for its packaging from ancient forests in Indonesia. Hasbro changed its paper purchasing policy, earning the company praise from Greenpeace Executive Director Phil Radford, who said: "The new Hasbro policy will also increase the recycled and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified paper in its toy packaging. Hasbro's new commitments are great news for Indonesian rainforests and the people and wildlife that depend on them."[35]
There have also been criticisms of Hasbro for focusing some of its products on specific demographic groups. For example, in November 2012, a letter from a six-year-old Irish girl complaining about the lack of female characters in the guessing game Guess Who? spread widely on social media[24] and garnered attention in the press after the girl's mother posted the exchange on her blog.[36] News reports criticized Hasbro's response as missing the point of the letter and not "kid-friendly." Guess Who? has previously received complaints over gender and ethnic bias in its choice of 24 images.[24] Hasbro primarily sells toys directed at either the girl or boy markets. As such, there have been criticisms that Hasbro's toys reinforce gender stereotypes. For example, in December 2012, 13-year-old McKenna Pope started a campaign on Change.org, calling on the company to create a "boy-friendly" version of the popular Easy-Bake Oven and to feature boys on their packaging and materials.[37][38] Within a week, over 30,000 people signed her petition.[39] Hasbro was criticized for sexist product design when its 2015 Star Wars Monopoly board game failed to feature Rey, the female protagonist in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, while nonetheless including all of the supporting male characters. On January 5, 2016, Hasbro announced that Rey would be included in future versions - but only after much criticism. This move perplexed even the movie's director, J. J. Abrams, who reportedly said, "I read that Rey wasn’t in the Monopoly game and was quickly making phone calls about this because, if it were true - and it is true, and now Hasbro, of course, has said they’re going to put Rey in—it doesn’t quite make sense why she wouldn’t be there. She’s somewhat important in the story."[40]
On October 2, 2015, Lorraine Markham sued Hasbro for breach of contract for failure to pay royalties to her. She is seeking a declaration from the U.S. District Court in Providence that her husband, Bill Markham, was the sole creator of The Game of Life.[41]
Manufacture[edit]
Over the years, Hasbro has outsourced the manufacture of its products to third-party companies, mostly in China. At the Chinese factories, which Hasbro does not directly own or operate, migrant workers are compensated with meagre salaries for their labor. At one such factory, in Dongguan, China, basic assembly line jobs pay a little over one hundred US dollars per month,[42] China's minimum wage. A report released by China Labor Watch in 2014 revealed numerous abuses at Hasbro's Chinese supplier companies, including labor contract violations, excessive and illegal overtime, poor living conditions, environmental pollution, and more. The report was investigated by a congressional hearing in December 2014.[43][44]
Outside Asia, Hasbro owns and operates only two manufacturing facilities, one in Waterford, Ireland, the other in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts, USA. In recent years, the company has cut jobs at both plants in response to increasing competition from lower cost locations in China. At the end of 2006, for example, Hasbro's Irish division laid off more than one third of its workforce.[45]
Quality control[edit]
To ensure that their electronic devices are at high quality standards, Hasbro and other toy companies add a test mode to the electronic device which allows the manufacturing team and all parts of Hasbro to make sure that all the sounds are present, the moving parts and lights are working and that the electronic device powers off normally. Sometimes the hidden modes are removed from the game in the final product, but most of modern games from 2009 onwards can be accessed by a consumer.[46][47] The game's instructions mentions nothing about these hidden modes and Hasbro do not share details on how to get to their own manufacturer mode as they have said that giving test mode instructions to a consumer considered to be proprietary.
Impact[edit]
Hasbro was named by Fortune magazine as one of the top 100 companies to work for in 2013, citing that the "company enhanced its vacation policy by giving new employees three weeks off in their first year instead of having to wait five years."[48]
Subsidiaries[edit]

Funskool
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka
Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill (brand)
Mirrorstone Books


Hasbro Gaming
Hasbro Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios

Hasbro Films

Allspark Pictures


Cake Mix Studios


Discovery Family (40%)
Boulder Media Limited


Backflip Studios (70%)

Former[edit]

Claster Television
Empire Pencil
Galoob
Hasbro Interactive
Kenner Products
Larami (name is now retired and part of the Nerf brand)
Selchow and Righter
Wrebbit
Cranium, Inc.
Milton Bradley Company
Parker Brothers

Toys and games[edit]
Main article: List of Hasbro toys
Hasbro has several brands of toys and games aimed at different demographics. Some of its better-known toy lines (past and present) are:


Action Man
Battle Beasts
Beyblade
B-Daman
Cabbage Patch Kids (1989–1994)
Chibibotto
Easy-Bake Oven[49]
Furby (2005–present)
FurReal Friends (Furry Frenzies)
G.I. Joe
Hamtaro
Inhumanoids
Jem
Jurassic Park(1993-2017)
Kre-O
Lincoln Logs
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
M.A.S.K.
Marvel Legends
Maxie
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pokémon (1998–2005)
Pound Puppies
Sesame Street
Skedoodle[50]
Spirograph
Star Wars
Talk 'n Play
Tinkertoy
Tayo the Little Bus
Transformers
Visionaries: Knights of the Magical Light
Yo-Kai Watch
Zoids


Hasbro is the largest producer of board games in the world as a result of its component brands, such as Parker Brothers, Waddingtons, Milton Bradley, Wizards of the Coast, and Avalon Hill (all acquisitions since the 1980s). As a result, it has well known and top selling games such as:
Main article: List of Hasbro games


Axis & Allies
Battleship
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Cranium
Clue (Cluedo)
Diplomacy
Duel Masters Trading Card Game
Dungeons & Dragons (role-playing game)
The Game of Life
The Grape Escape
Magic: The Gathering
Mirror-Mirror (Winner of ITV1's "Design a Board Game Competition")
Monopoly (best selling board game ever according to the Guinness World Records)
Operation
Ouija
Pictionary (North America only, non-North American rights owned by Mattel)
Risk
Scrabble
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble (AKA Frustration and Kimble)


Hasbro also produces many variations of most of their games. For example, in addition to original Scrabble, the game is also available as "Scrabble Deluxe Edition", "Scrabble Deluxe Travel Edition","Scrabble Junior", and "Scrabble Onyx Edition".
Hasbro also offers games of physical skill such as:

Bop It
Jenga

They have also sold games in the past which are now discontinued but can be found from second hand markets which include:

Brain Warp and its sister products which include Brain Shift, Brain Bash, Death Star Escape, Hyperslide and Torx.
Bull's-Eye Ball

Hasbro also offers a memory game called Simon which involves memorising sequences of colors and lights.
In 1995, Hasbro began a short-lived video game development and publishing venture called Hasbro Interactive, but disbanded it in 2001 when it was bought by the now defunct Infogrames. Now Hasbro develops video games based on its brands through third-party developers and licensing strategies, notably with major American companies such as Activision, Electronic Arts, and THQ. Following the rise of smartphones and tablet PCs in the 2010s, as well as major video gaming publishers cutting back on releasing games based on licensed IPs for various reasons, such as economic slumps, several of Hasbro's brands were licensed towards mobile game developers such as Gameloft, releasing their games under the label Hasbro Gaming.
On February 25, 2005, Hasbro announced that it would be introducing a musical toothbrush to the market. The Tooth Tunes, released in early 2007, transmits music from the jawbone to the ear when the bristles touch the teeth.
Films and television[edit]
Further information: Hasbro Studios
See also[edit]

List of game manufacturers
Test mode



Companies portal
Toys portal
Rhode Island portal
United States portal


References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Company Financials Hasbro, Inc.". Google Finance. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ "HAS Profile - Hasbro, Inc. Stock - Yahoo Finance". 
^ http://corporate.hasbro.com/documents/Corporate_Fact_Sheet_November_2015.pdf
^ "Fun For Profit: The World's Nine Biggest Toy Companies". January 21, 2014. 
^ "History of Hasbro, Inc. – FundingUniverse". 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s "Hasbro, Inc. History". International Directory of Company Histories Vol. 16. St. James Press. Retrieved 6 February 2013. 
^ "Lawn Darts Are Banned and Should Be Destroyed". U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. 1997-05-15. Retrieved 2011-01-25. Pointed lawn darts, intended for use in an outdoor game, have been responsible for the deaths of three children. The most recent injury occurred last week in Elkhart, Ind., when a 7-year-old boy suffered a brain injury after a lawn dart pierced his skull. 
^ "Hasbro Bradley, Inc. v. Sparkle Toys, Inc., 780 F.2d 189 (2nd Cir. 1985)". 
^ "Company News; Hasbro in Accord For Coleco Lines". New York Times. July 12, 1988. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ "Company News; Hasbro's Purchase Of Coleco's Assets". New York Times. AP. July 13, 1989. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ Leffall, J. (August 5, 1998). "Monarch Avalon to sell game unit to Hasbro In wake of loss, local company to get $6 million in cash". The Baltimore Sun. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ L. de Rosa, Peter (Summer 2002). "The Fall of Avalon Hill". Academic Gaming Review. 4 (4). Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Hasbro to Acquire Wizards of the Coast". About.com. September 11, 1999. Retrieved January 4, 2008. 
^ Company News; Hasbro Completes Sale Of Interactive Business from The New York Times
^ a b "Hasbro pushes into Lego's land with new blocks". USA Today. Gannett Co. Inc. AP. February 13, 2011. Retrieved November 6, 2015. 
^ "U.S. Group Accuses Chinese Toy Factories of Labor Abuses" from The New York Times
^ "Hasbro Acquires Cranium". Boardgames.about.com. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ ""Hasbro Announces Agreement to Acquire Cranium, Inc." press release". Phx.corporate-ir.net. January 4, 2008. Retrieved June 9, 2011. 
^ "No brainer: Hasbro buys Cranium". msnbc.com. 
^ Watercutter, Angela (2011-11-05). "Bronies' TV Spot Shows Changing Face of My Little Pony Herd". Wired. Retrieved 2012-11-05. 
^ Gennis, Sadie (July 31, 2013). "Give Bronies a Break! In Defense of Adult My Little Pony Fans". TV Guide. Retrieved September 23, 2014. 
^ "Hasbro Extends Disney Pact for Marvel, Star Wars Toys and Games". Variety. July 22, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Gottlieb, Richard (April 27, 2011). "Manufacturing your products in the USA; Hasbro steps up with a domestic contract manufacturing service". Global Toy News. Retrieved July 21, 2015. 
^ a b c "Guess Who's sexist? Classic board game's gender bias leaves six-year-old fuming from The Independent
^ Hasbro Continues To Lay Off Workers Despite Expansion Plans. GoLocalProv (2013-04-30). Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ "Six-year-old schools Hasbro on gender equality" from "Yahoo Games"
^ Brian Goldner: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek. Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved on 2013-09-27.
^ Patane, Matthew (July 9, 2013). "Boulder’s Backflip Studios sells majority stake to Hasbro". The Denver Post. Digital First Media. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ Lieberman, David; Patten, Dominic (November 12, 2014). "DreamWorks Animation & Hasbro In Merger Talks; Deal With Hearst Looming". Deadline. Penske Business Media. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ de la Merced, Michael J.; Barnes, Brooks (November 14, 2014). "Hasbro Said to End Talks to Take Over DreamWorks Animation". New York Times. Retrieved November 15, 2014. 
^ Kinney, Jim (July 14, 2015). "Hasbro to sell East Longmeadow plant to Belgian playing cards and games manufacturer". MassLive. The Republican. Retrieved July 14, 2015. 
^ Suddath, Claire (December 17, 2015). "The $500 Million Battle Over Disney’s Princesses". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved February 18, 2016. 
^ Schwindt, Oriana (July 13, 2016). "Hasbro Acquires Dublin-Based Animation Studio Boulder Media". Variety. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ Tsirbas, Christos (October 19, 2016). "Hasbro's HASCON Convention Celebrates My LIttle Pony, Transformers & More". CBR.com. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Phil Radford. "Hasbro Turns Over a New Leaf, Steps Up for Rainforests". Huffington Post. Retrieved 24 August 2011. 
^ "Hasbro knows all about selling to kids - and nothing much about talking to them" from "http://www.byjenniferoconnell.com"
^ "Teen starts campaign for gender neutral Easy Bake Oven" from Good Morning America
^ "Teen girl petitions Hasbro to market Easy Bake Oven also to boys" from the Los Angeles Times
^ Emanuella Grinberg, CNN (December 6, 2012). "Teen says pink toy ovens discourage boys from kitchen play". CNN. 
^ "J.J. Abrams addresses 'preposterous' lack of Rey toys for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'". January 9, 2016. 
^ "Complaint" (PDF). PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 November 2015. 
^ "Workers riot at Chinese factory producing Nerf toys for Hasbro" from USA Today
^ "Working Conditions and Factory Auditing in the Chinese Toy Industry". 
^ "Barbie, Mickey Mouse, Optimus Prime, Thomas the Tank Engine: Who Else Continues to Exploit Toy Workers?". 
^ "‘Painful and difficult’ decision as 140 jobs lost" from The Munster Express
^ "How to Access Bop It Shout Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "How to Access Bop It Beats Test Mode". Wikihow.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Hasbro - Best Companies to Work For 2013 - Fortune". Money.cnn.com. 2013-02-04. Retrieved 2013-07-10. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Light Bulb Baking". ToyTales.ca. 
^ Coopee, Todd. "Skedoodle". ToyTales.ca. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Hasbro: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Hasbro



Intellectual properties
currently managed
by Hasbro





Toys




Action Man
Baby Alive
Blythe
Easy-Bake Oven
Furby
G.I. Joe
Glo Worm
Jem
Koosh
Kre-O
Lite-Brite
Littlest Pet Shop
Mighty Muggs
Mr. Potato Head
My Little Pony
Nerf
Play-Doh
Pound Puppies
Rubik's Cube
Sit 'n Spin
Spirograph
Stickle Bricks
Super Soaker
Tinkertoy
Tonka
Transformers
Weeble






Games




Aggravation
Axis & Allies
Barrel of Monkeys
Battleship
Boggle
Bop It
Buckaroo!
Candy Land
Catch Phrase
Chutes & Ladders
Clue
Connect 4
Cootie
Cranium
Crocodile Dentist
Designer's World
Duel Masters
Dungeons & Dragons
Elefun
Gator Golf
Girl Talk
Guess Who?
Hi Ho! Cherry-O
Hungry Hungry Hippos
Jenga
Lazer Tag
Life
Magic: The Gathering
Mall Madness
Milton
Monopoly
Mouse Trap
Mystery Date
Nerf Blaster
Operation
Ouija
Parcheesi
Perfection
Pictionary
Pit
Risk
Rook
Scattergories
Scrabble (U.S. and Canada)
Simon
Sorry!
Stratego
Taboo
Trivial Pursuit
Trouble
Twister
Upwords
Yahtzee








Distributed worldwide
by Hasbro



Beyblade (except Japan and parts of Asia)
CirKis (except U.S., UK, France and Germany)
FurReal Friends (except Japan)
iDog (except Japan)
Yo-Kai Watch (except Asia)





Licensed products



Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Disney

Disney Princess
Elena of Avalor
Frozen
Indiana Jones
Marvel Legends
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Spider-Man Classics
Star Wars


Idaten Jump
Jurassic Park
Nickelodeon
Strawberry Shortcake
Sid the Science Kid
The Simpsons
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Subsidiaries



Entertainment and Licensing

Hasbro Studios
Boulder Media
Discovery Family (40%)


Wizards of the Coast

Avalon Hill


Backflip Studios (70%)





Divisions and brands



Milton Bradley Company
Nerf
Parker Brothers
Playskool
Tiger Electronics
Tonka





Related media



Comics
Films
Television





See also



Hasbro Universe












v
t
e


Monopoly



History



History of Monopoly
Chance and Community Chest cards





Game designers
and early publishers



Elizabeth "Lizzie" Magie
Scott Nearing
Charles Darrow





Related games



Anti-Monopoly
The Landlord's Game
Easy Money
Finance





Hasbro Monopoly
and licensees



Monopoly
Parker Brothers
Milton Bradley
Hasbro
Waddingtons
Winning Moves
Get Out of Jail Free card
Rich Uncle Pennybags
Monopoly money





Modern variants



Licensed and localized editions
My Monopoly
Monopoly: The Mega Edition
Monopoly City





Spin-off games





Board/dice games




Monopoly Junior
Advance to Boardwalk
Don't Go to Jail (Monopoly Express)






Card games




Free Parking
Waterworks
Monopoly: The Card Game
Express Monopoly
Monopoly Deal








Monopoly on television



1990 game show
Monopoly Millionaires' Club
Family Game Night





Monopoly metaphors
and idioms



"Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200."
"Get Out of Jail Free card"
"Monopoly money"





See also



Ralph Anspach
McDonald's Monopoly
Late for the Sky
Pinball game
Monopoly Tycoon
Monopoly Party
Video games
London Monopoly locations
Monopoly City Streets
The Mad Magazine Game
Monopoly Millionaires' Club












v
t
e


Superhero toy lines



DC



Batman
Batman action figures
Batman: Total Justice
Batman Unlimited
DC Comics Super Hero Collection
DC Direct
DC Minimates
DC Superheroes
DC Super Hero Girls
DC Universe
DC Universe All-Stars
DC Universe Classics
Justice League Unlimited
Lego Batman
Movie Masters
Super Powers Collection





Marvel



The Classic Marvel Figurine Collection
Hulk Classics
Iron Man: The Armored Avenger
Marvel Legends
Marvel Legends Showdown
Marvel Minimates
Marvel Select
Marvel Super Hero Squad
Marvel Universe
Mega Morphs
Secret Wars
Spider-Man and Friends
Spider-Man Classics
Thor: The Mighty Avenger
Wolverine and the X-Men
X-Men Classics
X-Men Origins: Wolverine





Other



Captain Action
The Centurions
Masters of the Universe
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
ThunderCats
Toxic Crusaders
Transformers





Manufacturers



Bandai Namco (Bandai)
Diamond Select Toys
Hasbro
Kenner Products
LJN
Marvel Toys
Mattel
McFarlane Toys
Mego
National Entertainment Collectibles Association
Palisades Toys
Playmates Toys
Remco
Takara Tomy





Designers



Art Asylum
Four Horsemen Studios





News



2007 Chinese export recalls
Toy Biz, Inc. v. United States












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hasbro&oldid=791899552"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQHasbro1923 establishments in Rhode IslandAmerican companies established in 1923Toy brandsToy companies of the United StatesDoll manufacturing companiesGame manufacturersMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesCompanies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies based in Rhode IslandManufacturing companies established in 1923Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange3D publishingHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from June 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Articles with unsourced statements from February 2013Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어हिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 04:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Sylvia Hassenfeld - Wikipedia





















 






Sylvia Hassenfeld

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sylvia K. Hassenfeld


Born
Sylvia Grace Kay
(1920-09-19)September 19, 1920
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States


Died
August 15, 2014(2014-08-15) (aged 93)
Manhattan, New York City, U.S.


Occupation



Philanthropist





Parent(s)
Sophie Kay
Joseph Kay


Relatives
Alan Hassenfeld (son)
Ellen Hassenfeld Block (daughter)
Stephen D. Hassenfeld(son)


Sylvia K. Hassenfeld (September 19, 1920 – August 15, 2014) was an American Jewish communal leader, philanthropist, human rights advocate, and one of the first women to head a major international Jewish aid organization.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Philanthropic and Communal Work
3 American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee
4 Awards and Accolades
5 References



Early life[edit]
Sylvia Grace Kay was born in Philadelphia on September 19, 1920, the only child of Sophie (Flieglman) and Joseph Kay, who was a hosiery manufacturer. In 1940, Sylvia married Merrill L. Hassenfeld, whose father, Henry, and his uncles Hillel and Herman, had founded Hasbro toys in 1923, and moved to Providence, Rhode Island. Merrill became the president of Hasbro in 1943 and CEO in 1960, a position he held until his death in 1979. Sylvia earned her bachelor's degree from Cedar Crest College in 1944.[1] She and her husband had three children, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, who led Hasbro from 1979 until his death in 1989, Alan G. Hassenfeld, who led the company from 1989-2008 and remains a trustee, and Ellen Hassenfeld Block. She served as a director of the board of trustees of Hasbro and was also involved in the early test-marketing of many Hasbro products while her children were growing up but her main interest was philanthropy.[2]
Philanthropic and Communal Work[edit]
Sylvia was involved in numerous Jewish philanthropic organizations, including as the national chairwoman of the women’s division of the United Jewish Appeal, and the vice chairwoman of the Jerusalem Foundation, and was on the executive boards of tustees of the United Israel Appeal, the Jewish Agency for Israel, Brandeis University, and the Israel Museum. She was also the president of the Hassenfeld Foundation, which supports Jewish causes, hospitals and medical centers, and academic and educational institutions around the globe.
After her son Stephen’s death in 1989, Sylvia took a leadership role in the Hasbro Children’s Foundation, a charity that Stephen founded in 1984 to help poor and homeless children and their families throughout the world. She also founded the Stephen D. Hassenfeld Children’s Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders at N.Y.U. Medical Center in 1990. In addition, she donated money toward the development of a children’s hospital at the NYU Langone Medical Center, where she was a trustee. The Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital is scheduled to open in 2017.[3]
American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee[edit]
Mrs. Hassenfeld was the first female president of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee (JDC), from 1988 to 1992. In this position, she helped to found the International Development Program (IDP), a non-sectarian emergency aid organization, in response to the December 1988 Armenian earthquake. The charter flights bringing severely injured earthquake victims to Israel marked the first time that the JDC offered crisis help to non-Jews. Also in 1988, she oversaw the JDC’s return to the Soviet Union, the first time the organization had been in the Soviet Union since the dissolution of the Agro-Joint in 1938.[4] Hassenfeld, through the JDC, was involved with the rescue of Serbs, Croats, Muslims, and Jews from Sarajevo during the Breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s and aided Jewish outreach in Central and Eastern Europe, including the resettling in various countries of Jews leaving after the break-up of the Soviet Union. She also oversaw JDC operations in the Middle East and Africa, most dramatically the 1991 Operation Solomon airlift rescue of over 14,000 Ethiopian Jews, bringing them to settle in Israel.[5]
Awards and Accolades[edit]
Sylvia Hassenfeld received numerous awards and honors in recognition of more than fifty years of national and international philanthropic and humanitarian leadership. The Hassenfeld family was very closely connected with Brandeis University from its earliest days, including her father-in-law, husband, and her children. She received an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Brandeis University in 1998 in “recognition of her leadership, activism and philanthropy.”[6]
She was made an Honorary Citizen of Jerusalem, a presidential appointee to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council, was awarded the 1994 Emma Lazarus Statue of Liberty Award by the American Jewish Historical Society, and was honored by the National Conference of Christians and Jews.[7]
Sylvia K. Hassenfeld died on Saturday, August 15, 2014 at her home in Manhattan. She was 93.[8]
References[edit]



^ "Sylvia Hassenfeld, trustee, former Board vice chair, dies | BrandeisNOW". BrandeisNOW. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "History of JDC: 1980s - JDC Archives". archives.jdc.org. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "History of JDC: 1990s - JDC Archives". archives.jdc.org. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "Sylvia Hassenfeld, trustee, former Board vice chair, dies | BrandeisNOW". BrandeisNOW. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "SYLVIA K. HASSENFELD's Obituary on New York Times". New York Times. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sylvia_Hassenfeld&oldid=787919960"					
Categories: 1920 births2014 deathsAmerican philanthropistsActivists from PhiladelphiaHidden categories: Articles with hCardsArticles created via the Article Wizard 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 10:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Sylvia Hassenfeld - Wikipedia





















 






Sylvia Hassenfeld

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sylvia K. Hassenfeld


Born
Sylvia Grace Kay
(1920-09-19)September 19, 1920
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States


Died
August 15, 2014(2014-08-15) (aged 93)
Manhattan, New York City, U.S.


Occupation



Philanthropist





Parent(s)
Sophie Kay
Joseph Kay


Relatives
Alan Hassenfeld (son)
Ellen Hassenfeld Block (daughter)
Stephen D. Hassenfeld(son)


Sylvia K. Hassenfeld (September 19, 1920 – August 15, 2014) was an American Jewish communal leader, philanthropist, human rights advocate, and one of the first women to head a major international Jewish aid organization.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Philanthropic and Communal Work
3 American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee
4 Awards and Accolades
5 References



Early life[edit]
Sylvia Grace Kay was born in Philadelphia on September 19, 1920, the only child of Sophie (Flieglman) and Joseph Kay, who was a hosiery manufacturer. In 1940, Sylvia married Merrill L. Hassenfeld, whose father, Henry, and his uncles Hillel and Herman, had founded Hasbro toys in 1923, and moved to Providence, Rhode Island. Merrill became the president of Hasbro in 1943 and CEO in 1960, a position he held until his death in 1979. Sylvia earned her bachelor's degree from Cedar Crest College in 1944.[1] She and her husband had three children, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, who led Hasbro from 1979 until his death in 1989, Alan G. Hassenfeld, who led the company from 1989-2008 and remains a trustee, and Ellen Hassenfeld Block. She served as a director of the board of trustees of Hasbro and was also involved in the early test-marketing of many Hasbro products while her children were growing up but her main interest was philanthropy.[2]
Philanthropic and Communal Work[edit]
Sylvia was involved in numerous Jewish philanthropic organizations, including as the national chairwoman of the women’s division of the United Jewish Appeal, and the vice chairwoman of the Jerusalem Foundation, and was on the executive boards of tustees of the United Israel Appeal, the Jewish Agency for Israel, Brandeis University, and the Israel Museum. She was also the president of the Hassenfeld Foundation, which supports Jewish causes, hospitals and medical centers, and academic and educational institutions around the globe.
After her son Stephen’s death in 1989, Sylvia took a leadership role in the Hasbro Children’s Foundation, a charity that Stephen founded in 1984 to help poor and homeless children and their families throughout the world. She also founded the Stephen D. Hassenfeld Children’s Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders at N.Y.U. Medical Center in 1990. In addition, she donated money toward the development of a children’s hospital at the NYU Langone Medical Center, where she was a trustee. The Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital is scheduled to open in 2017.[3]
American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee[edit]
Mrs. Hassenfeld was the first female president of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee (JDC), from 1988 to 1992. In this position, she helped to found the International Development Program (IDP), a non-sectarian emergency aid organization, in response to the December 1988 Armenian earthquake. The charter flights bringing severely injured earthquake victims to Israel marked the first time that the JDC offered crisis help to non-Jews. Also in 1988, she oversaw the JDC’s return to the Soviet Union, the first time the organization had been in the Soviet Union since the dissolution of the Agro-Joint in 1938.[4] Hassenfeld, through the JDC, was involved with the rescue of Serbs, Croats, Muslims, and Jews from Sarajevo during the Breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s and aided Jewish outreach in Central and Eastern Europe, including the resettling in various countries of Jews leaving after the break-up of the Soviet Union. She also oversaw JDC operations in the Middle East and Africa, most dramatically the 1991 Operation Solomon airlift rescue of over 14,000 Ethiopian Jews, bringing them to settle in Israel.[5]
Awards and Accolades[edit]
Sylvia Hassenfeld received numerous awards and honors in recognition of more than fifty years of national and international philanthropic and humanitarian leadership. The Hassenfeld family was very closely connected with Brandeis University from its earliest days, including her father-in-law, husband, and her children. She received an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Brandeis University in 1998 in “recognition of her leadership, activism and philanthropy.”[6]
She was made an Honorary Citizen of Jerusalem, a presidential appointee to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council, was awarded the 1994 Emma Lazarus Statue of Liberty Award by the American Jewish Historical Society, and was honored by the National Conference of Christians and Jews.[7]
Sylvia K. Hassenfeld died on Saturday, August 15, 2014 at her home in Manhattan. She was 93.[8]
References[edit]



^ "Sylvia Hassenfeld, trustee, former Board vice chair, dies | BrandeisNOW". BrandeisNOW. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "History of JDC: 1980s - JDC Archives". archives.jdc.org. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "History of JDC: 1990s - JDC Archives". archives.jdc.org. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "Sylvia Hassenfeld, trustee, former Board vice chair, dies | BrandeisNOW". BrandeisNOW. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "SYLVIA K. HASSENFELD's Obituary on New York Times". New York Times. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sylvia_Hassenfeld&oldid=787919960"					
Categories: 1920 births2014 deathsAmerican philanthropistsActivists from PhiladelphiaHidden categories: Articles with hCardsArticles created via the Article Wizard 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 10:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Sylvia Hassenfeld - Wikipedia





















 






Sylvia Hassenfeld

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sylvia K. Hassenfeld


Born
Sylvia Grace Kay
(1920-09-19)September 19, 1920
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States


Died
August 15, 2014(2014-08-15) (aged 93)
Manhattan, New York City, U.S.


Occupation



Philanthropist





Parent(s)
Sophie Kay
Joseph Kay


Relatives
Alan Hassenfeld (son)
Ellen Hassenfeld Block (daughter)
Stephen D. Hassenfeld(son)


Sylvia K. Hassenfeld (September 19, 1920 – August 15, 2014) was an American Jewish communal leader, philanthropist, human rights advocate, and one of the first women to head a major international Jewish aid organization.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Philanthropic and Communal Work
3 American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee
4 Awards and Accolades
5 References



Early life[edit]
Sylvia Grace Kay was born in Philadelphia on September 19, 1920, the only child of Sophie (Flieglman) and Joseph Kay, who was a hosiery manufacturer. In 1940, Sylvia married Merrill L. Hassenfeld, whose father, Henry, and his uncles Hillel and Herman, had founded Hasbro toys in 1923, and moved to Providence, Rhode Island. Merrill became the president of Hasbro in 1943 and CEO in 1960, a position he held until his death in 1979. Sylvia earned her bachelor's degree from Cedar Crest College in 1944.[1] She and her husband had three children, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, who led Hasbro from 1979 until his death in 1989, Alan G. Hassenfeld, who led the company from 1989-2008 and remains a trustee, and Ellen Hassenfeld Block. She served as a director of the board of trustees of Hasbro and was also involved in the early test-marketing of many Hasbro products while her children were growing up but her main interest was philanthropy.[2]
Philanthropic and Communal Work[edit]
Sylvia was involved in numerous Jewish philanthropic organizations, including as the national chairwoman of the women’s division of the United Jewish Appeal, and the vice chairwoman of the Jerusalem Foundation, and was on the executive boards of tustees of the United Israel Appeal, the Jewish Agency for Israel, Brandeis University, and the Israel Museum. She was also the president of the Hassenfeld Foundation, which supports Jewish causes, hospitals and medical centers, and academic and educational institutions around the globe.
After her son Stephen’s death in 1989, Sylvia took a leadership role in the Hasbro Children’s Foundation, a charity that Stephen founded in 1984 to help poor and homeless children and their families throughout the world. She also founded the Stephen D. Hassenfeld Children’s Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders at N.Y.U. Medical Center in 1990. In addition, she donated money toward the development of a children’s hospital at the NYU Langone Medical Center, where she was a trustee. The Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital is scheduled to open in 2017.[3]
American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee[edit]
Mrs. Hassenfeld was the first female president of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee (JDC), from 1988 to 1992. In this position, she helped to found the International Development Program (IDP), a non-sectarian emergency aid organization, in response to the December 1988 Armenian earthquake. The charter flights bringing severely injured earthquake victims to Israel marked the first time that the JDC offered crisis help to non-Jews. Also in 1988, she oversaw the JDC’s return to the Soviet Union, the first time the organization had been in the Soviet Union since the dissolution of the Agro-Joint in 1938.[4] Hassenfeld, through the JDC, was involved with the rescue of Serbs, Croats, Muslims, and Jews from Sarajevo during the Breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s and aided Jewish outreach in Central and Eastern Europe, including the resettling in various countries of Jews leaving after the break-up of the Soviet Union. She also oversaw JDC operations in the Middle East and Africa, most dramatically the 1991 Operation Solomon airlift rescue of over 14,000 Ethiopian Jews, bringing them to settle in Israel.[5]
Awards and Accolades[edit]
Sylvia Hassenfeld received numerous awards and honors in recognition of more than fifty years of national and international philanthropic and humanitarian leadership. The Hassenfeld family was very closely connected with Brandeis University from its earliest days, including her father-in-law, husband, and her children. She received an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Brandeis University in 1998 in “recognition of her leadership, activism and philanthropy.”[6]
She was made an Honorary Citizen of Jerusalem, a presidential appointee to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council, was awarded the 1994 Emma Lazarus Statue of Liberty Award by the American Jewish Historical Society, and was honored by the National Conference of Christians and Jews.[7]
Sylvia K. Hassenfeld died on Saturday, August 15, 2014 at her home in Manhattan. She was 93.[8]
References[edit]



^ "Sylvia Hassenfeld, trustee, former Board vice chair, dies | BrandeisNOW". BrandeisNOW. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "History of JDC: 1980s - JDC Archives". archives.jdc.org. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "History of JDC: 1990s - JDC Archives". archives.jdc.org. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "Sylvia Hassenfeld, trustee, former Board vice chair, dies | BrandeisNOW". BrandeisNOW. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "SYLVIA K. HASSENFELD's Obituary on New York Times". New York Times. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sylvia_Hassenfeld&oldid=787919960"					
Categories: 1920 births2014 deathsAmerican philanthropistsActivists from PhiladelphiaHidden categories: Articles with hCardsArticles created via the Article Wizard 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 10:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Sylvia Hassenfeld - Wikipedia





















 






Sylvia Hassenfeld

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sylvia K. Hassenfeld


Born
Sylvia Grace Kay
(1920-09-19)September 19, 1920
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States


Died
August 15, 2014(2014-08-15) (aged 93)
Manhattan, New York City, U.S.


Occupation



Philanthropist





Parent(s)
Sophie Kay
Joseph Kay


Relatives
Alan Hassenfeld (son)
Ellen Hassenfeld Block (daughter)
Stephen D. Hassenfeld(son)


Sylvia K. Hassenfeld (September 19, 1920 – August 15, 2014) was an American Jewish communal leader, philanthropist, human rights advocate, and one of the first women to head a major international Jewish aid organization.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Philanthropic and Communal Work
3 American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee
4 Awards and Accolades
5 References



Early life[edit]
Sylvia Grace Kay was born in Philadelphia on September 19, 1920, the only child of Sophie (Flieglman) and Joseph Kay, who was a hosiery manufacturer. In 1940, Sylvia married Merrill L. Hassenfeld, whose father, Henry, and his uncles Hillel and Herman, had founded Hasbro toys in 1923, and moved to Providence, Rhode Island. Merrill became the president of Hasbro in 1943 and CEO in 1960, a position he held until his death in 1979. Sylvia earned her bachelor's degree from Cedar Crest College in 1944.[1] She and her husband had three children, Stephen D. Hassenfeld, who led Hasbro from 1979 until his death in 1989, Alan G. Hassenfeld, who led the company from 1989-2008 and remains a trustee, and Ellen Hassenfeld Block. She served as a director of the board of trustees of Hasbro and was also involved in the early test-marketing of many Hasbro products while her children were growing up but her main interest was philanthropy.[2]
Philanthropic and Communal Work[edit]
Sylvia was involved in numerous Jewish philanthropic organizations, including as the national chairwoman of the women’s division of the United Jewish Appeal, and the vice chairwoman of the Jerusalem Foundation, and was on the executive boards of tustees of the United Israel Appeal, the Jewish Agency for Israel, Brandeis University, and the Israel Museum. She was also the president of the Hassenfeld Foundation, which supports Jewish causes, hospitals and medical centers, and academic and educational institutions around the globe.
After her son Stephen’s death in 1989, Sylvia took a leadership role in the Hasbro Children’s Foundation, a charity that Stephen founded in 1984 to help poor and homeless children and their families throughout the world. She also founded the Stephen D. Hassenfeld Children’s Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders at N.Y.U. Medical Center in 1990. In addition, she donated money toward the development of a children’s hospital at the NYU Langone Medical Center, where she was a trustee. The Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital is scheduled to open in 2017.[3]
American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee[edit]
Mrs. Hassenfeld was the first female president of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee (JDC), from 1988 to 1992. In this position, she helped to found the International Development Program (IDP), a non-sectarian emergency aid organization, in response to the December 1988 Armenian earthquake. The charter flights bringing severely injured earthquake victims to Israel marked the first time that the JDC offered crisis help to non-Jews. Also in 1988, she oversaw the JDC’s return to the Soviet Union, the first time the organization had been in the Soviet Union since the dissolution of the Agro-Joint in 1938.[4] Hassenfeld, through the JDC, was involved with the rescue of Serbs, Croats, Muslims, and Jews from Sarajevo during the Breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s and aided Jewish outreach in Central and Eastern Europe, including the resettling in various countries of Jews leaving after the break-up of the Soviet Union. She also oversaw JDC operations in the Middle East and Africa, most dramatically the 1991 Operation Solomon airlift rescue of over 14,000 Ethiopian Jews, bringing them to settle in Israel.[5]
Awards and Accolades[edit]
Sylvia Hassenfeld received numerous awards and honors in recognition of more than fifty years of national and international philanthropic and humanitarian leadership. The Hassenfeld family was very closely connected with Brandeis University from its earliest days, including her father-in-law, husband, and her children. She received an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Brandeis University in 1998 in “recognition of her leadership, activism and philanthropy.”[6]
She was made an Honorary Citizen of Jerusalem, a presidential appointee to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council, was awarded the 1994 Emma Lazarus Statue of Liberty Award by the American Jewish Historical Society, and was honored by the National Conference of Christians and Jews.[7]
Sylvia K. Hassenfeld died on Saturday, August 15, 2014 at her home in Manhattan. She was 93.[8]
References[edit]



^ "Sylvia Hassenfeld, trustee, former Board vice chair, dies | BrandeisNOW". BrandeisNOW. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "History of JDC: 1980s - JDC Archives". archives.jdc.org. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "History of JDC: 1990s - JDC Archives". archives.jdc.org. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "Sylvia Hassenfeld, trustee, former Board vice chair, dies | BrandeisNOW". BrandeisNOW. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ "SYLVIA K. HASSENFELD's Obituary on New York Times". New York Times. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 
^ Vitello, Paul (2014-08-20). "Sylvia Hassenfeld, Philanthropist From Hasbro’s Founding Family, Dies at 93". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-07-18. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sylvia_Hassenfeld&oldid=787919960"					
Categories: 1920 births2014 deathsAmerican philanthropistsActivists from PhiladelphiaHidden categories: Articles with hCardsArticles created via the Article Wizard 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 10:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Heroes - Browne, Beth (EDT)/ Hassenfeld, Alan G. (FRW) - 9781864703467 | HPB









HPBYour favorite local bookstore.Everywhere.ClickSign up / Log inHelp0Your cartLooks like there are no items in here.  Start shopping now and add treasures to your cart. If you have items saved in your cart, sign in to your account to pick up where you left off. Sign in to your accountBrowse Best SellersBooks Popular subjectsYoung Adult FictionChildren's FictionReligionHistoryBiography & AutobiographySee All CategoriesCustomer favoritesBestsellersNew ReleasesBox SetsStaff PicksHPB BlogSuperbuysUnder $10Under $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Must HaveThe Hottest Book This WeekShop BestsellersMovies & TV Popular subjectsFamilyWesternsTelevision: HBOAction/AdventureTelevision: SeriesDramaTelevision: BBCComedyChildren's VideoCustomer favoritesBest selling moviesNew releasesBlu RayBooks turned into moviesKids and familyAnimeBoxed SetsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Good for a LaughThe Top Comedy of the WeekShop ComediesMusic Popular subjectsSoul/R&BPopular MusicFictionJuvenile Grades 4-6 Ages 9-11Country & WesternJazz MusicAudio Books on Tape-CDRomance/ModernDiet & NutritionCustomer favoritesBest selling musicNew releasesBest selling vinylKids and familyMovie soundtracksBoxed setsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Teen under $5Kids under $5New TunesThe Top Album of the WeekShop New MusicTextbooks Popular subjectsInternational EditionsSell Us Your TextbooksHomeschoolStudy GuidesCliffs NotesCareerRare Finds BooksSigned BooksFirst EditionsBoxed SetsBrowse Rare FindsMoviesCollectors EditionsBoxed SetsVinylPre 19501950-19541955-19591960-19641965-19691970-NowSuperbuysRare under $10Rare under $5New treasures on our shelvesStart collecting todayShop Rare FindsGift Cards Our StorySign up for our mailing list  and  save! JOIN THE LISTClickFIND A STOREHeroes: The Story Of Hasbro Children's Hospitalby Browne, Beth (Edt)/ Hassenfeld, Alan G. (Frw)Offers a fasinating history of the hospital through it's staff, technology and architecturePublic, Commercial, or Industrial Buildings, Hospital Administration & CareCondition: --HPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideFormat: HardcoverSold by: --Language: EnglishPublisher: Antique Collectors Club LtdISBN-13: 9781864703467ISBN: 1864703466Publication Year: 2010HPB pick - Out of stockLoading...Loading marketplace...HPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: Mint condition or still sealed (SS). Absolutely perfect in every way. New.Fine/Like New (EX): No defects, little sign of use, well cared for. Plays perfectly. Close to new. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. Could be an unopened promotional or cut item. Sometimes called: mint-minus.Very Good (VG): Will show some signs that it was played and otherwise handled by a previous owner who took good care of it.Good (G): Attractive and well cared for, but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, scuffing or scratching, but will play almost perfectly. For vinyl: barely detectable crackles or pops.Fair (FR): This item is in okay condition. For vinyl: good is not so good and the record may have low level crackles or pops when playing. CD: one or more tracks may skip.Poor (P): Obviously well-worn and handled. Most vinyl collectors will not buy good or below, but some tracks on CD or vinyl will play.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: This movie is unopened and brand new.Fine/Like New (EX): Near new. No defects, little sign of use. Plays perfectly. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. No skipping; no fuzzy or snowy frames in VHS.Very Good (VG): Attractive and well cared for but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, but will play almost perfectly. For VHS: barely detectable distortion or very few fuzzy or snowy frames.Good (G): This item is in okay condition and basically works well. There may be some minor distortion on VHS tape; slight scratching or wear on DVD.Fair (FR): Basically plays, but may be obviously well-worn with some scratching or tape distortion.Poor (P): Disc or tape is intact, but may be scratched or stretched. There may be skips or distortion or product defects.Conditions Guide×


CRM Alan G. Hassenfeld Insider Trades for Salesforce.com Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Salesforce.com Inc.

                  NYSE: CRM
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Salesforce.com Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:52 p.m.


CRM

/quotes/zigman/338061/composite


$
90.62




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 70,395
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/338061/composite
Today's close

$
			90.51
		


$
				90.62
			
Change

+0.11
+0.12%





Day low
Day high
$89.70
$91.12










52 week low
52 week high

            $66.43
        

            $92.13
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Alan G. Hassenfeld



Mr. Alan G. Hassenfeld is a Principal at The Cue Ball Group LLC.
Mr. Hassenfeld is Chairman of the Board of Hasbro, Inc., a worldwide leader in children's and family leisure time entertainment with $2.9 billion in revenues. Mr. Hassenfeld began his career at Hasbro in 1970, was appointed Vice President of Marketing and Sales in 1978, became the President of the company in 1984, and received the titles of Chairman and CEO in 1989.
Mr. Hassenfeld is the recipient of the Honorary Doctor of Humanities Award from Bryant College and the Honorary Doctor of Business degree from Roger Williams University and Johnson and Wales University. He earned his degree from the University of Pennsylvania.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/22/2017
1,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/22/2017
1,718


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/22/2016
1,710


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/22/2016
1,540


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/22/2016
1,695


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/22/2016
1,653


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/22/2015
1,703


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/22/2015
1,725


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/22/2015
1,862


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/22/2015
2,159


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/25/2014
2,161


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/26/2014
2,275


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/27/2014
2,196


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/17/2014
550


 
Acquisition at $58.34 per share.


32,087


02/25/2014
3,200


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/26/2013
3,200


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/27/2013
3,200


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/28/2013
3,200


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/26/2013
800


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/17/2012
200


 
Acquisition at $168.37 per share.


33,674


11/27/2012
250


 
Disposition at $158.53 per share.


39,633


11/27/2012
6,499


 
Disposition at $157.6 per share.


1,024,243


11/27/2012
12,001


 
Disposition at $157.17 per share.


1,886,198


11/27/2012
18,750


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $8 per share.


150,000


11/27/2012
800


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/30/2012
18,750


 
Disposition at $143.64 per share.


2,693,250


08/30/2012
18,750


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $8 per share.


150,000


08/28/2012
800


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Marc Russell Benioff 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Keith G. Block 
Vice Chairman, President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Mark J. Hawkins 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Parker  Harris 
Chief Technology Officer




Ms. Maria  Martinez 
President-Global Customer Success




Ms. Monica  Langley 
Executive Vice President-Global Strategic Affairs




Mr. Tony A. Prophet 
Chief Equality Officer




Ms. Suzanne  DiBianca 
Chief Philanthropy Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Alexandre  Dayon 
Chief Product Officer & President-Products




Mr. Simon  Mulcahy 
Chief Marketing Officer




Mr. Joe  Allanson 
Chief Accounting Officer, EVP & Controller




Mr. Corey  duBrowa 
Chief Communications Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Andrew  Zilli 
Director-Relations Relations




Mr. John  Cummings 
Senior Vice President & Head-Investor Relations




Ms. Rose  Salzwedel 
Investor Relations Contact




Ms. Anna  Santos 
Investor Relations Contact




Ms. Amy E. Weaver 
Secretary, President-Legal & General Counsel




Mr. Alan G. Hassenfeld 
Independent Director




Ms. Neelie  Kroes 
Independent Director




Ms. Susan D. Wojcicki 
Independent Director




Mr. Maynard G. Webb 
Independent Director




Mr. Colin L. Powell 
Independent Director




Ms. Robin L. Washington 
Independent Director




Mr. John Victor Roos 
Independent Director




Mr. Craig A. Conway 
Independent Director




Mr. Sanford R. Robertson 
Lead Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:35 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Sylvia Hassenfeld




















































































   Quizzes | Lists | Trending  



Sign up / Login  



Feedback  


    

  Sylvia Hassenfeld  Topics |  Videos |  Discussion |  Write-ups

 
















 


  


  


 


 







 








Back to Top

© Revolvy, LLC

Mobile
Terms
Privacy
Contact








Paste Image Information Here:
×


Image:


Source:



Save changes









×





Cancel





...
×















×



Done
Cancel
By proceeding I agree to the Revolvy
terms of service and
     privacy policy.











OK
Cancel










OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel








×



OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel







×



Save

Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel














Alan G. Hassenfeld | Columbia University World Leaders Forum


























Skip to Navigation



Columbia University in the City of New York



Directions |
      		Campus Map















 


 



Search WLF  | 
          Search CUWeb











Facebook
iTunes
RSS
YouTube

 






 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 



 

 




 



Home
About
Events
Participants
Event Images / Videos
FAQ
Contact Us
  



 


Alan G. HassenfeldChairman of Hasbro, Inc.
 




Alan G. Hassenfeld participated in the World Leaders Forum
event, Corporate Social Responsibility: Labor Relations in Emerging Markets, in
April 2007. 


When Alan G. Hassenfeld, the 58-year-old Chairman of Hasbro, Inc., took the
helm at one of the world's leading toy companies in 1989, he was faced with
managing and growing a company with annual net revenues of more than $1.3
billion.


Today, Hasbro (NYSE:HAS) is a worldwide leader in children's and family
leisure time entertainment with $3.1 billion (full year 2005) in revenues and
an impressive blue-chip portfolio of familiar and popular brand names under one
roof. Both internationally and in the United States, its Playskool,
Tonka, Milton Bradley, Parker Brothers, Tiger, and Wizards of the Coast brands
and products provide the highest quality and most recognizable play experiences
in the world.


Prior to being named Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in 1989, Mr.
Hassenfeld worked his way up the ranks of the business started in 1923 by his
grandfather. Following his graduation from the University of Pennsylvania,
Mr. Hassenfeld began his career at Hasbro in 1970, which has included jobs in
marketing and sales for both domestic and international operations. He became
vice president of international operations in 1972 and also served as vice
president of marketing and sales, as well as executive vice president. He was
named president in 1984 and is largely responsible for building Hasbro's
international operations, which today accounts for approximately 40% of the
company's revenues.


Mr. Hassenfeld is active in many charitable and social causes both
nationally and locally in Rhode Island. He is Chairman of the World
Scholar Athlete Games and served as Chairman of Families First. He spearheaded
the formation and launch of the Right Now! Coalition, an effort created to
foster ethics and campaign reform, as well as enlighten the Rhode Island state government to its
constituents' concerns. The coalition remains strong today and Mr. Hassenfeld
has served as chairman since its inception in 1991.


In addition, he has been a leader in rallying corporate executives to work
with elected officials to end childhood hunger, and has been very involved in
issues impacting refugee resettlement in the state of Rhode Island by serving on the Board of
Directors for Refugees International. Mr. Hassenfeld is on the advisory board
of Big Brothers of Rhode Island and serves as a board member of the company's
two philanthropic divisions, the Hasbro Charitable Trust and the Hasbro
Children's Foundation.


Mr. Hassenfeld serves as the Chief Advisor to the China Toy Association and
is involved with many of the nation's leading academic institutions. He is on
the Board of Overseers at the University
of Pennsylvania and is a member of the
Dean's Council at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
In addition, he is a member of the Board of Directors of the medical school at Brown University
and is a Trustee Emeritus at Bryant
University. He is also a
member of the University of Rhode Island's College of Business
Administration's Hall of Fame.


Mr. Hassenfeld is married and lives in Bristol,
Rhode Island.


 


 




Participated In


Corporate Social Responsibility: Labor Relations in Emerging MarketsDate: April 17, 2007 from 4:30 PM to 6:00 PM Location: Roone Arledge Auditorium, Alfred Lerner Hall Description: 
Leaders from the corporate sector, academia, civil society
and the media exchange ideas about the treatment of workers in developing
countries. In partnership with The Jerome A. Chazen Institute of International Business, Columbia Business School


 


 

 
 
 

Site Designed by Columbia University Information Technology



University Programs and Events, Office of the President   worldleaders@columbia.edu
© 2013 Columbia University
 
 

 



 



	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































