









MARINA HATSOPOULOS - MIT Enterprise Forum Greece












































































































MENU









MARINA HATSOPOULOS
Oct 31 • SPEAKERS • 5967 Views • No Comments on MARINA HATSOPOULOS




Entrepreneur and Angel Investor


Professional experience
Marina Hatsopoulos is an entrepreneur, director and angel investor. She is Chairperson of the Board and investor in Levitronix Technologies, the worldwide leader in magnetically levitated bearingless motor technology. She is a Director of Cynosure Inc., a $300 million leader in the laser aesthetics market. She is on the Advisory Board of the Nantucket [technology] Conference, the EGG acceleration program in Greece, and MIT Enterprise Forum Greece. Ms. Hatsopoulos was the Founding CEO and primary investor in Z Corporation from 1994 through its successful sale in 2005. Z Corporation was a market leader in 3D Printing, a technology used to produce physical prototypes from design data at very low cost and high speed. She also served as Director of the GSI Group, a $300 million supplier of laser-based products, and Contex Holding, a $100 million leading manufacturer of large-format scanners. She was an investor and Director of Tea Forte, a luxury brand of teas and accessories, which was sold to Sara Lee in late 2011. She was also an investor and Director of Dear Kate, and is currently an investor in Codebender, based in Greece. She holds a B.A. from Brown University and an M.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Press/Awards/Publications
Ms. Hatsopoulos was honored with Mass. High Tech’s 2001 All-Star Award for Hardware. She has been profiled in Fortune, Forbes, Fast Company, Boston Business Journal, the Boston Globe and Technology Review. She speaks at technology conferences and at the nation’s top business schools, and was on Boston Magazine’s 2008 Extended Power List of the most powerful people in town. She has published articles in Design News and Time Compression Technologies, and contributed a chapter, titled “Product Differentiation from Technology,” to Jumpstart: Launching Your Business Venture, Profitably and Successfully (Aspatore, 2003).
 
 


MITEF Greece Startup CompetitionStartSmart Greece

Related Posts





Sep 14 • 788 Views
Marina Hatsopoulos invests in RTsafe





Aug 31 • 1781 Views
MITEF Greece Startup Competition 2015: Highlights


Aug 24 • 1570 Views
«Γέφυρα» για τους Έλληνες startupper στην Βοστόνη «στήνει» το MITEF Greece, startupper.gr




About the Author: mitefgr
 



Comments are closed.


« THE BIG DATA CHALLENGE HIND HOBEIKA »










NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
+









Latest
Popular
Random
Tags





 
MIT Enterprise Forum Greece: Game-changer for Greek Entrepreneurship
Jul 21 • 100 Views


Finals & Awards Ceremony 2017 (recordings)
Jul 14 • 37 Views



 
Oι 3 νικητές του MITEF Greece Startup Competition 2017!
Jul 11 • 92 Views



 
Οι 3 νικητές του διαγωνισμού MITEF Greece Startup Competition 2017!
Jul 10 • 91 Views



 
FINALS & AWARDS CEREMONY 2017: “They are all winners!”
Jul 7 • 1324 Views
 



 
MIT Enterprise Forum Greece: Game-changer for Greek Entrepreneurship
Jul 21 • 100 Views
 
Finals & Awards Ceremony 2017 (recordings)
Jul 14 • 37 Views
 

 
Oι 3 νικητές του MITEF Greece Startup Competition 2017!
Jul 11 • 92 Views
 

 
Οι 3 νικητές του διαγωνισμού MITEF Greece Startup Competition 2017!
Jul 10 • 91 Views
 

 
FINALS & AWARDS CEREMONY 2017: “They are all winners!”
Jul 7 • 1324 Views
 


MELINA POLITI
Oct 9 • 1293 Views


Laddroller: Biotechnology & medicine
Feb 9 • 1792 Views


THE ROBOTIC EVOLUTION: FROM FICTION TO REALITY
Oct 10 • 1069 Views


Φοιτητές του Πανεπιστημίου Αιγαίου σε Διεθνή Διαγωνισμό
Oct 21 • 402 Views



 
Greece’s Fledgling Tech Scene: A Path for Growth
May 26 • 1403 Views
 

'
Build the Community
businessnews.gr
Conference
emea.gr
epixeiro.gr
Events
Finals & Awards Ceremony
Finals & Awards Ceremony 2016
Finals & Awards Ceremony 2017
fortunegreece.com
Greece
Internet of Things
Judge
Linda Plano (Plano & Simple)
Making Greece a Technology Hub by 2021
Maria Hala
Mentor
MITEF Greece
MITEF Greece Startup Compeitition 2016
MITEF Greece Startup Competition
MITEF Greece Startup Competition 2015
MITEF Greece Startup Competition 2016
MITEF Greece Startup Competition 2017
MIT Startup Bootcamp
Perfect Pitch Webinars
RESEARCH AND BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES IN GENOMICS AND BIOTECHNOLOGY
StartSmart 2016
StartSmart G
StartSmart Greece
StartSmart Greece 2015
StartSmart Greece 2016
startup.gr
Startup Competition
startupper.gr
Startups
Tax & Funding
Technologies That Matter
Technologies that Matter: A new Life Sciences World is emerging
Technologies That Matter: Downstream Space Applications
The Big Data Challenge
The Robotic Evolution
Workshops
ΜΙΤEF Greece Startup Competition 2016 


 


From our Video GalleryVisit our YouTube channel






Quick LinksHOME
ABOUT US
ACTIVITIES
LATEST ARTICLES
SPONSORS & PARTNERS
NEWSLETTER



Twitter feedWe would like to express our gratitude to all the organizations and individuals that supported… https://t.co/KkiCIMk4rgDuring the Finals & Awards Ceremony, @intrasoft_int, the competition's Gold Sponsor, awarded Exclusivi!… https://t.co/6kuFBaHwL2#MITEFGreeceStartupCompetition the winners: 1st prize @FreshStrips, 2nd prize Exclusivi & 3rd prize CubeRM!… https://t.co/JF0oULZriE


Gallery 



































































































































Categories25 SEMIFINALISTS
ARTICLES
EVENTS
GREEK
JUDGES
MENTORS
NEWS/BLOG
PAST EVENTS
PHOTOS
PRESENTATIONS
SPEAKERS
Uncategorized
Uncategorized
UPCOMING EVENTS
VIDEOS







Linked In
You Tube
Twitter
Facebook








© 2017 MIT Enterprise Forum Greece | Enabling Technological Entrepreneurship in Greece

































We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok




 Marina Hatsopoulos – StartMIT                 HOMEABOUTSPEAKERSSCHEDULENEWSSPONSORSPREVIOUS YEARSMarina Hatsopoulos Previous NextEntrepreneur, Director, Angel InvestorMarina Hatsopoulos was Founding CEO and original investor in Z Corporation, an early market leader in 3D printing, which grew to $30 million before she sold it in 2005. She is now Chairperson of the Board and investor in Levitronix Technologies, the worldwide leader in magnetically-levitated bearingless motor technology, and a Director and investor in Cynosure Inc., a $380 million leader in the laser aesthetics market. She is on the Advisory Board of the Nantucket [technology] Conference, the Deshpande Center at MIT, and MIT Enterprise Forum Greece, as well as the EGG and OK!Thess acceleration programs in Greece. She is an investor in codebender and RTsafe, both based in Greece, and C2Sense, based in Cambridge, MA. She also served as Director of the GSI Group, a $300 million supplier of laser-based products, and Contex Holding, a $100 million leading manufacturer of large-format scanners. She was an investor and Director of Dear Kate performance apparel and Tea Forte, a luxury tea brand which was sold to Sara Lee. She holds B.A. degrees from Brown University in Math and in Music, and an M.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Mechanical Engineering.         

Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 574000390121820985-271891603335807608





Hatsopoulos, Marina I. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Marina I. Hatsopoulos
MARINA I. HATSOPOULOS, CEO, Director, and Co-Founder of Z Corporation,
is Chair of the Committee of Finance and Investment of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers, a 120,000-member organization for the
technology community. She serves on the Advisory Board of the Nantucket
Conference, an invitation-only technology event, and the Board of
Overseers of the Boston Children’s Museum. She received Mass. High
Tech’s All-Star Award for Hardware and is a two-time finalist for Ernst
& Young’s Entrepreneur of the Year Award. Her background was in
corporate finance at Chase Manhattan Bank in New York, and held several
operational roles at various Thermo Electron divisions.
Related Interviews:MARINA HATSOPOULOS - Z CORPORATIONJuly 09, 2004







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google













需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017







Marina Hatsopoulos – StartMIT




































































 














HOMEABOUTSPEAKERSSCHEDULENEWSSPONSORSPREVIOUS YEARS20152014



 









Previous Next 

Marina Hatsopoulos 

Entrepreneur, Director, Angel Investor

Marina Hatsopoulos is Chairperson of the Board and investor in Levitronix Technologies, the worldwide leader in magnetically levitated bearingless motor technology. She is a Director of Cynosure Inc., a $300 million leader in the laser aesthetics market. She is on the Advisory Board of the Nantucket [technology] Conference, the EGG acceleration program in Greece, and MIT Enterprise Forum Greece. Ms. Hatsopoulos was the Founding CEO and primary investor in Z Corporation from 1994 through its successful sale in 2005. Z Corporation was a market leader in 3D Printing, a technology used to produce physical prototypes from design data at very low cost and high speed. She also served as Director of the GSI Group, a $300 million supplier of laser-based products, and Contex Holding, a $100 million leading manufacturer of large-format scanners. She was an investor and Director of Tea Forte, a luxury brand of teas and accessories, which was sold to Sara Lee in late 2011. She was also an investor and Director of Dear Kate, and is currently an investor in Codebender, based in Greece. She holds a B.A. from Brown University and an M.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.




Andreina Reyes 


			2015-12-07T20:23:21+00:00		


 
 

 
 
 





















Marina Hatsopoulos, SM '92 - MIT Technology Review





























































Intelligent Machines

Marina Hatsopoulos, SM '92


Entrepreneur builds success in 3-D printing venture


					by 
Jill Hecht Maxwell

August 23, 2011




















Even as a kid, Marina Hatsopoulos dreamed of running her own business. She studied her passions—math and music—at Brown University and then landed an ideal first job at Chase Manhattan on Wall Street. But soon she felt something was missing. “I felt like I wasn’t creating anything,” she says. To get closer to operations, she went to work in 1990 for her dad, George Hatsopoulos ‘49, SM ‘50, ME ‘54, ScD ‘56, at his technology company Thermo Electron. Working in mergers and acquisitions, she found that she needed more knowledge herself, so she came to MIT for a master’s in mechanical engineering. 
While she worked on that degree, Hatsopoulos and her husband, Walter Bornhorst, SM ‘64, PhD ‘66, bought and rehabbed some decrepit buildings in the Back Bay. Hatsopoulos did the CAD design work and fabricated three-dimensional models. In 1994 when she was researching potential business opportunities in MIT’s Technology Licensing Office, a 3-D printing technology jumped out. The machines could quickly produce inexpensive prototypes for everything from bleach bottles to motorcycle engine blocks. “I understood the value of a physical model for the architectural application, and I could imagine the same to be true for the design market,” she says. She licensed the technology and started Z Corporation with her husband and Jim Bredt ‘82, SM ‘87, PhD ‘95.

The company grew rapidly, and they sold it to a Danish conglomerate in 2005. “In retrospect, we were incredibly lucky with the technology,” she says. “It proved out much better than we had hoped. The whole thing was a fantastic experience.” 
Hatsopoulos has long maintained her MIT connections through a vibrant network of entrepreneurs. “Jon Hirschtick ‘83, SM ‘83, the founder of Solidworks, is an alum,” Hatsopoulos says. She brought him onto Z Corporation’s board, where he was “enormously helpful” as a mentor. Today, Hatsopoulos is in that role herself. A founding member of the advisory board for MIT’s Deshpande Center for Technological Innovation, she regularly advises alumni and students and serves as a director at Tea Forte and Cynosure, a medical-appliance company. 
Boston is home for Hatsopoulos, her husband, and their four kids; they all enjoy snowboarding and golf. Now she’s living another lifelong dream, taking writing classes and working on a novel, but she’s still an entrepreneur at heart. “I’m looking for new opportunities,” she says. “I’d like to do another startup, but instead of having the CEO role, take on the role of active chairperson and help some MIT grads get some other new technology off the ground.”

Tech Obsessive?Become an Insider to get the story behind the story — and before anyone else.
Subscribe today 



















Subscribe to Continue Reading
Uh oh–you've read all of your free articles for this month.

Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month.




Subscribe



Insider Premium
$179.95/yr US PRICE


Subscribe



See international, alumni and other pricing options
Already an Insider?
Log in.

Have a magazine subscription?
Activate your Insider account.












More from Intelligent Machines
Artificial intelligence and robots are transforming how we work and live.




An Eye on the Sky
Four decades of hard work, late nights, and lucky breaks at MIT’s Wallace Observatory.
by 
	
		
			Allison MacLachlan, SM ’11
		
	





The Storyteller
Kevin Brooks, PhD ’99, applies his craft to mesmerize audiences—and to help designers and engineers create better products.
by 
	
		
			Vijaysree Venkatraman
		
	








The Free Thinker
A Nobel Prize-winning biologist and a political activist, Salvador Luria founded MIT’s Center for Cancer Research.
by 
	
		
			Sari Kalin
		
	











From Our Advertisers




						
							In partnership with
						
						Hewlett Packard Enterprise

A Field Guide to Digital Transformation





						
							In partnership with
						
						Hewlett Packard Enterprise

A Fireside Chat: Unlocking the Power of Hybrid, Flexible IT





						
							In partnership with
						
						Samsung

Fight Scale with Scale








		Want more award-winning journalism?
		
			Subscribe to Insider Plus.
		
	





							Insider Plus
							{! insider.prices.plus !}*


							{! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !}
						

							Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events
						

{! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !}





See details+

What's Included
Bimonthly magazine delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website
The Download: our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation
Access to the magazine PDF archive—thousands of articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips
Special discounts to select partner offerings
Discount to MIT Technology Review events
Ad-free web experience





*
					{! insider.display.footerLabel !}
				

See international prices


See U.S. prices


Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing


Revert to standard pricing


















/




					You've read all of your free articles this month.
				


						This is your last free article this month.
					

						You've read
						 of 
						free articles this month.
					


Subscribe now
						or log in for unlimited online access.
				



























Marina Hatsopoulos Bio | start6

























Skip to main content







start6













2014







Search Google Appliance

Enter the terms you wish to search for. 





 

















 







            Marina Hatsopoulos Bio          



Monday, Jan. 13, 2014 11:00AM, 34-401






Marina HatsopoulosEntrepreneur, Director, Angel Investor
Marina Hatsopoulos is an entrepreneur, director and angel investor. She is Chairperson of the Board and investor in Levitronix Technologies, the worldwide leader in magnetically levitated bearingless motor technology. She is a Director of Cynosure Inc., a $170 million leader in the laser aesthetics market. She is also a Director and investor in Dear Kate, which sells performance apparel using advanced materials. She is on the Advisory Board of the Nantucket [technology] Conference and the Deshpande Center for Technological Innovation at MIT. Ms. Hatsopoulos was the Founding CEO and primary investor in Z Corporation from 1994 through its successful sale in 2005. Z Corporation is a market leader in 3D Printing, a technology used to produce physical prototypes from design data at very low cost and high speed. She has also served as Director of the GSI Group, a $300 million supplier of laser-based products, and Contex Holding, a $100 million leading manufacturer of large-format scanners. She was an investor and Director of Tea Forte, a luxury brand of teas and accessories, which was sold to Sara Lee in late 2011.
 























Conversation with a CEO: Marina Hatsopoulos at MIT - The Next Generation Initiative






















































The Next Generation Initiative
Connecting students and young professionals with mentors, leaders and career resources  MAKE THE CONNECTION 

You are here: Home / Featured Master Class Leaders / Conversation with a CEO: Marina Hatsopoulos at MITConversation with a CEO: Marina Hatsopoulos at MIT
June 22, 2014 by Next Generation Marina Hatsopoulos
What does a math and music major from Brown do when her first jobs out of college (on Wall Street and in mergers and acquisitions), leave her feeling as though “something is missing”? If you’re Marina Hatsopoulos you go back to school — in Marina’s case, to get a master’s degree in mechanical engineering from MIT.
What was missing that prompted this career shift?  According to Marina, “I felt like I wasn’t creating anything.”
Ready to start creating something in earnest after graduating from MIT, Ms. Hatsopoulos came across an exciting new technology that appealed to her hands-on sensibility while researching potential business opportunities in MIT’s Technology Licensing Office: 3-D printing. Having had some experience of her own doing CAD design work and fabricating three-dimensional models, she “understood the value of a physical model for the architectural application, and could imagine the same to be true for the design market,” says Marina.
Putting together her previous experience on Wall Street with her engineering savvy, Marina licensed the technology, boot-strapped a startup with two other MIT grads, and successfully commercialized the MIT research and turned it into a company that today makes the world’s fastest 3-D printers — used by Fortune 500 companies and manufacturers around the world to produce physical prototypes efficiently and inexpensively from computer-aided design (“CAD”) data.
George Hatsopoulos at MIT
Thalia Assuras at MIT
An enthusiastic crowd of ambitious business majors, budding scientists, engineering grad students and MIT professors braved a stormy November night to sit in on the high energy conversation with the CBS News White House correspondent (and Initiative board member) Thalia Assuras and two generations of the high-tech Hatsopoulos family — Marina Hatsopoulos and her father George Hatsopoulos, the Next Generation Initiative’s very first Master Class leader — at MIT’s 300-seat Wong Auditorium. The audience was rewarded with a rousing introduction former Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis, who arrived (by public transportation) from teaching his own class at Northeastern University.
At MIT’s Wong Auditorium
Hosted by the Hellenic Student Association of MIT, Next Generation students converged on Cambridge from schools all over the Boston area — including Boston College,  Boston University Harvard, Northeastern, Tufts and Wellesley — for a unique chance to meet the legendary Hatsopoulos family, Ms. Assuras and Gov. Dukakis at a special reception before the Conversation with Marina Hatspoulos.
A Master Class with
Marina Hatsopoulos
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Cambridge, MA
You can see excerpts from the video of this special Master Class online — including comments by Marina Hatsopoulos, Dr. George Hatsopoulos, and the introduction by Gov. Michael Dukakis.
George and Marina and Daphne Hatsopoulos with Michael Dukakis and Thalia Assuras at MIT
| SHARE THIS NOW |
 
Do you want to see the next generation succeed? To work hard, take on big challenges — and become the leaders of the future? If so, then you are ready to be a hero to the next generation! Click here to become a Next Generation Hero, and help all the bright young men and women in our community go further.


 

A campaign to help the next generation take the next stepDOUBLE YOUR CONTRIBUTION: For a limited time, your donation to the Next Step Campaign will be matched by generous friends and supporters who have pledged to match whatever you give — up to $25,000.  Individuals like you have already contributed 80.18% of the amount we must raise to trigger the funds which have been pledged to help us quadruple the number of internships we can offer to Greek American students. You can help get us closer to our goal — and double the amount of your contribution — by clicking on the “DONATE NOW” button and making a contribution to the Next Step Campaign today. THANK YOU! 80.18%Donate Now


 
 You can help young men and women from our community gain the skills and experience they need — and open up doors for bright young go-getters interested in your field — just by passing along news about an internship, sharing insights about your industry, or offering advice that could help a young person go further. Join our NextGen Launch Team today, and join forces with executives and professionals like you, who are committed to seeing the next generation succeed.


ON MENTORS AND MENTORING


An excerpt from ‘Mentor’ is a Greek Word, with Pulitzer Prize winning author  Jeffrey Eugenides, Academy Award-winner  Kary Antholis of HBO, and Emmy nominee Alexis Christoforous  of CBS News sharing their thoughts on mentoring and why  mentors are so important. 



Heck Yeah! We Invented Democracy


“Heck Yeah! We Invented Democracy” — our NextGen students’ original tongue-in-cheek video, from our election year Your Vote is Your Voice campaign, featuring our very funny friends  Bob Costas, Tina Fey, Nick Galifianakis, Arianna Huffington, Maria Menounos, Chris Sarandon, George Stephanopoulos and Betty White.


FOLLOW THE NEXT GENERATION
Click on the links below to like us on Facebook, follow our Launchpad on LinkedIn, or follow the Next Generation on Twitter.

FacebookLinkedinTwitter
SHOW YOUR SUPPORT
Show your support for the young men and women of the next generation  — and help them go further — with your secure online donation to our programs today. Thank you!

JOIN THE NEXT GENERATION
STUDENTS Register today to make sure you receive updates about all our programs for students.
RECENT GRADS Join our network of recent grads  and young professionals.
LAUNCH TEAM Join our Launch Team of leaders, mentors, professors, executives and entrepreneurs who want to help students find internships and connect with mentors. 



Log In



Username or E-mail



Password





Remember Me










Lost Password














