 



Ixia Names Marie Hattar as Chief Marketing Officer | Business Wire


























































Ixia Names Marie Hattar as Chief Marketing Officer












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Marie Hattar, Ixia Chief Marketing Officer (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Marie Hattar, Ixia Chief Marketing Officer (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














June 15, 2015 08:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CALABASAS, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ixia (Nasdaq:XXIA), a leading provider of application performance 
      and security resilience solutions, today announced that security 
      marketing veteran Marie Hattar has joined Ixia as its chief marketing 
      officer.
    


      “Marie Hattar has a strong track record in leading and developing 
      marketing strategies that deliver results and we are very excited to 
      have her join the Ixia executive team to lead and expand our marketing 
      initiatives in security, SDN, NFV, and the Internet of Things,” said 
      Bethany Mayer, Ixia’s president and chief executive officer. “Ixia holds 
      a pivotal role in the networking and security industry and we believe 
      Marie’s experience in establishing, repositioning and growing market 
      share will help accelerate Ixia’s market momentum, drive brand awareness 
      and foster long-term growth.”
    

      Hattar brings to Ixia over 20 years of experience in the security and 
      networking industry. Prior to joining Ixia, Hattar was chief marketing 
      officer of Check Point Software Technologies from 2014 to 2015 where she 
      evolved the company’s market position beyond firewalls to an end-to-end 
      security company. Prior to that, Hattar held several executive marketing 
      positions at Cisco, and most recently served as its vice president, 
      global marketing campaigns, planning and programs from 2012 to 2014. She 
      also served as Cisco’s vice president, enterprise segment marketing from 
      2011 to 2012, and as vice president, borderless networks marketing from 
      2008 to 2011. Hattar holds a Master of Business Administration from York 
      University in Toronto, Canada, and a Bachelor of Applied Science in 
      Electrical Engineering from the University of Toronto.
    

About Ixia


      Ixia provides application performance and security resilience solutions 
      to validate, secure, and optimize businesses’ physical and virtual 
      networks. Enterprises, service providers, network equipment 
      manufacturers, and governments worldwide rely on Ixia’s solutions to 
      deploy new technologies and achieve efficient, secure, ongoing operation 
      of their networks. Ixia's powerful and versatile solutions, expert 
      global support, and professional services equip organizations to exceed 
      customer expectations and achieve better business outcomes. Learn more 
      at http://www.ixiacom.com.
    

Safe Harbor under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995


      Certain statements made in this press release are or may be deemed to be 
      forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements 
      regarding the company’s market momentum, brand awareness, and long-term 
      growth. In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified 
      by words such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "would," "expect," 
      "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "project," "predict," 
      "potential" or the like. Such forward-looking statements reflect our 
      current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions 
      and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and 
      uncertainties, as well as other factors, may cause our future results, 
      performance or achievements to be materially different from those 
      expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that 
      could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed 
      or implied in such forward-looking statements include, among others: our 
      success in leveraging the expertise of our Chief Marketing Officer to 
      accelerate our market momentum, drive brand awareness and foster 
      long-term growth; recent changes in management; changes in the global 
      economy and in market conditions; competition; consistency of orders 
      from significant customers; our success in leveraging our intellectual 
      property portfolio and market opportunities; our expectations regarding 
      the transition into Software Defined Networks (SDN), Network Functions 
      Virtualization (NFV) and virtualized networks; our success in 
      developing, producing and introducing new products to keep pace with the 
      rapid technological changes that characterize our market; our success in 
      developing new sales channels and securing new customers; market 
      acceptance of our products; and war, terrorism, political unrest, 
      natural disasters and other circumstances that could, among other 
      consequences, reduce the demand for our products, disrupt our supply 
      chain and/or impact the delivery of our products. The factors that may 
      cause future results to differ materially from our current expectations 
      also include, without limitation, the risks identified in our Annual 
      Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and in 
      our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We 
      undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, 
      whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
    




Contacts

Media Contact:Porter NovelliRich Cline, 650-207-1677orFinancial 
      Contact:The Blueshirt GroupMaria Riley, 415-217-7722Investor 
      Relations
    


















Contacts

Media Contact:Porter NovelliRich Cline, 650-207-1677orFinancial 
      Contact:The Blueshirt GroupMaria Riley, 415-217-7722Investor 
      Relations
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












    Marie Hattar | Cisco Systems Inc | ZoomInfo.com






Marie Hattar, Author at SDxCentral 
























































 


 


 


















Open Menu





 






Marie HattarMarie Hattar, as chief marketing officer (CMO), is responsible for Ixia’s brand and global marketing efforts, including product and solutions marketing, corporate marketing, field marketing, corporate communications, and partner marketing. She drives Ixia’s corporate positioning, messaging and communications to both internal and external audiences. Marie has more than 20 years of marketing leadership experience spanning the security, routing, switching, telecom and mobility markets.
 
September 30, 2016Marie HattarCloud Misunderstandings: What You Can and Can’t SeeIt is time to see through the false sense of security offered by typical deployments.
 
 



Win a $300 Amazon Gift Card
Take the 2017 Edge Computing and MEC Report Survey to enter for a chance to win one of two $300 Amazon Gift Cards. It will take you only a few minutes to complete our short survey


New Report: 2017 Container and Cloud Orchestration
2017 Container and Cloud Orchestration Report is available for free download. This Free Report focuses on containers, cloud management, DevOps, orchestration, and automation solutions including key requirements to look for, and a sampling of vendor solutions available today.


Join SDxCentral™ to receive exclusive access.Sign Up Now!
Free Report: 2017 NFV Report Series Pt 3: Powering NFV – Virtual Network Functions (VNFs)
2017 NFV Report Series Part III: Powering NFV – Virtual Network Functions (VNFs)  is available for free download. This FREE Report focuses on how the NFV infrastructure will enable virtual network functions to be deployed, orchestrated, and managed in the cloud.


 



Our Latest News In Your Mailbox!
To join our weekly or daily mailing list, and ensure that you are first to know about the latest in SDN and NFV sign up for the SDxCentral site and join our community!


 
 


About SDxCentral
About Us
Editorial Team
Editorial Calendar
Advertise on SDxCentral
Careers at SDxCentral
Support
Contact Us

Engage With us



 
 




















Marie Hattar, Keysight Technologies Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





Marie Hattar

Chief Marketing Officer,
Keysight Technologies Inc






Career History




Chief Marketing Officer
Keysight Technologies Inc, 7/2017-PRESENT


Chief Marketing Officer
Ixia, 6/2015-7/2017


Chief Marketing Officer
Check Point Software Technologies Inc, 5/2014-6/2015


Treasurer
Nortel Networks Corp, FORMER


VP:Networking & Security
Cisco Systems Inc, FORMER


Various Positions
Alteon Websystems Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.keysight.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1400 Fountain Grove Parkway
Santa Rosa, CA 95403
United States


Phone:
1-800-829-4444


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.keysight.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



York University
MBA


University of Toronto
Electrical Engineering








Memberships



Board Memberships




Broadband Content Del Forum


Chairman, FORMER









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft































Marie Hattar | Ixia
















      Skip to main content
    









Ixia is now part of Keysight Technologies







Ixia






      Menu
    








English
Español
简体中文
日本語
한국어
français
Português



































Twitter
LinkedIn



Marie Hattar


Chief Marketing Officer




Marie Hattar, as chief marketing officer (CMO), is responsible for Ixia’s brand and global marketing efforts, including product and solutions marketing, corporate marketing, field marketing, corporate communications and partner marketing. She drives Ixia’s corporate positioning, messaging and communications to both internal and external audiences. Marie has more than 20 years of marketing leadership experience spanning the security, routing, switching, telecom and mobility markets.
Before joining Ixia, Marie was chief marketing officer at Check Point Software Technologies where she reestablished the company as the leading end-to-end security vendor. Prior to that, she was Vice President at Cisco where she led the company’s enterprise networking and security portfolio and helped drive the company’s leadership in networking. Marie also worked at Nortel Networks, Alteon WebSystems, and Shasta Networks in senior marketing and CTO positions.
Marie received a master’s degree in Business Administration in Marketing from York University and a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Toronto.
 





Blogs




July 23, 2017Preparing for GDPR:  Don’t Get Lost in Translation


July 23, 2017Can you see where you’re going? Keeping up with network data speeds


July 6, 2017The network visibility attributes that protect your business


May 16, 20172.5 million reasons why it’s critical to boost DDoS defenses


April 28, 2017Blocking the Rise of Ransomware


April 11, 2017Cloud-Native Visibility – Visibility as a Service (VaaS)


February 17, 2017The RSA rollercoaster – takeaways from 2017


February 1, 2017Ixia’s Bethany Mayer named Global Leader of the Year in 2017 Women in IT Awards


January 10, 2017The real-world impact of virtualization on testing


December 21, 2016‘Instant protection’ with a ‘simple deployment’ – ThreatARMOR earns five-star review





















Search


Search




























Marketer Spotlight :: Marie Hattar, Vice President of Marketing, Borderless Networks for Cisco



























































Create Your Next Customer
Join Us on LinkedIn
Follow Us on Twitter
Join Us on Facebook
 UBM Technology
Create Your Next Customer





Home
Marketing Blog
Research 

IT Industry Research
Marketing Research


Marketing Services 

Event Communities
Online Communities
Content Marketing
Media Kits

Online Products
Products By Goal
Products By Type
Products By Budget


Contact Me
 
















Search


Go












Marketer Spotlight :: Marie Hattar, Vice President of Marketing, Borderless Networks for Cisco


					Posted by 

Arthur Germain
  on March 25, 2010				



Marie Hattar is the Vice President of Marketing, Borderless Networks for Cisco (http://www.cisco.com) and is responsible for setting and developing a strategic vision for products and services that span switching, routing, mobility, security, and application acceleration. Marie and her team have recently executed a number of global launch programs working with their colleagues around the world to leverage a central message around Borderless Networks. Marie shared her experiences and best practices managing and executing a marketing strategy for a large global brand.
 To get us started, give us background on how you and the Cisco team view and execute International marketing? How has this changed over the last year? 
Marie Hattar, Vice President of Marketing, Borderless Networks for Cisco
Cisco takes pride in being a truly global company and we see international marketing as essential to sustaining market leadership and creating future growth.  Over the last year, the biggest change we’ve made is identifying hot spots and sending in task forces to accelerate those markets. We conducted in-depth analysis based on growth projections, share penetration and technology trends to arrive at our list of top country targets. From there, we worked closely with our international counterparts, often times pulling in additional “HQ” resources to bolster campaign ramp and traction.
One of the most often asked questions by CMOs is “what works better – a centralized global marketing structure and plan or a decentralized, region-by region effort where local teams each execute their own marketing efforts and programs?”
We’ve tried the decentralized approach in the past.  At times, we created what we thought of as turn-key programs and relied on countries to carry out the “last-mile” go-to-market. Currently, we’re taking more of a hybrid approach. For the most part, we’ve centralized our branding, messaging and content creation. But now we bring that to the countries and work together on an execution and demand-generation plan based on what’s going to work best for their local audiences and sales coverage model.  This gives us our platform consistency but takes into account the unique needs a country may have in how they generate demand and what vehicles their customer’s best respond to.
Which countries/regions do you see for the technology market in general?
In addition to the traditionally strong markets of the G8 countries, I think everyone in technology realizes the potential opportunity presented by China, India, Mexico and Brazil.
What are the most critical marketing “must dos” to be successful in international marketing?
You really have to understand what the customer pain points are in those countries—and you can’t assume that what applies here in the US is true everywhere. The same is true with the creative. Imagery, messages, colors, fonts—all these things are experienced differently depending on your cultural point of view. And it goes without saying that you need to keep a sharp eye out to watch for use of jargon—phrases that might be commonplace in your own culture can mean nothing to another culture. On a much larger scale, one of the biggest mistakes I see companies make is to assume that because they’ve got a great, successful product, they can just put up a shingle somewhere else and find a good translator. This is a naïve approach. You need to think of any new international market as a piece of untilled soil. You need to tend it and fertilize before planting anything. And the best way to do that is to find local partners that have a synergistic relationship to your own business. Otherwise, you risk your credibility.
Can you share some example of effective Cisco international marketing programs and efforts you have or are currently executing?
We just executed a big, global launch on March 17th and held both live events and webcasts to get the word out to our customers. We worked together with our colleagues around the world to ensure the content and timing of the launch events were optimized for success in their regions and we ended up with a launch plan that spanned several weeks and has a strong rolling-thunder plan for sustained messaging.  Just by looking at our events page at www.cisco.com/go/experience you can see how we leveraged a central message around Borderless Networks and tailored the delivery to best meet our countries’ needs.
What is the current and future state of social media for international marketers?  Has it proven more effective in some countries/regions more than others?  
The use of social media is definitely on the rise and is definitely a great equalizer in terms of customers’ access to corporate messages and experts. We see individuals from around the world asking questions about deployment scenarios, educational resources, and product positioning on a daily basis on our Facebook fan pages and CiscoGeeks twitter feeds.  We see strong adoption in the US and across all of Europe.  That said, social media as a communications channel is ramping globally and customers from all over the world are participating in the conversations.



 




Technology Marketing Solutions


                Learn how UBM’s technology portfolio of online and event products and services can help you create your next customer.
            
Contact Me
Media Kits
Get Our Newsletter
Products
About Us
Sales Contacts





Tech Marketing Smarts Blog Categories

 Brand Awareness

Budget Trends

Content Marketing

Demand Generation

Email Marketing

Event Marketing

Lead Generation

Mobile Marketing

News Releases

Public Relations

Search Marketing

Social Media





Brands



Enterprise IT

InformationWeek
Interop ITX
Network Computing

IT Service/Support & Contact Center

HDI
HDI Conference
ICMI
FUSION

Content Marketing

Content Marketing Institute
Content Marketing World
Intelligent Content Conference



Security

Black Hat
Dark Reading

Enterprise Communications

Enterprise Connect
No Jitter

Game and VR Development

Gamasutra
GDC
VRDC













 
 








































Ixia Names Marie Hattar as Chief Marketing Officer


































Jump to navigation


 


Worldwide简体中文
日本語
한국어
Español
English

My account
Sign In / Register






 




Search form

Search 












 







Support & Services













 





Support & Services 

Support & ServicesSupport Request
Strike Database
End-of-Life Announcements
Ixia Licensing 
Warranty / License Agreements

Product SupportDownloads & Updates
Net Optics Downloads and Updates
Product Compatibility Matrix

Product SupportUser Guides
Software Downloads
Net Optics Downloads
Product Compatibility Matrix

















Resources












 





Resources 

Resource LibraryIxia Blog
Application Notes
Test Plans
Videos
Black Books
All Public Resources

















Contact Us









Contact Us menu block 

Contact Us
Request a demo
Request a quote
Support Request






















Menu
 




Support OverviewSupport & ServicesSupport Request
Strike Database
End-of-Life Announcements
Ixia Licensing 
Warranty / License Agreements

Product SupportDownloads & Updates
Net Optics Downloads and Updates
Product Compatibility Matrix

Product SupportUser GuidesUser Guide Archive

Software Downloads
Net Optics Downloads
Product Compatibility Matrix


ResourcesResource LibraryIxia Blog
Application Notes
Test Plans
Videos
Black Books
All Public Resources


Contact UsContact Us
Request a demo
Request a quote
Support Request

Toll Free: 1-818-595-2599













  



 
 









Ixia Names Marie Hattar as Chief Marketing Officer







06/15/2015 

Ixia Names Marie Hattar as Chief Marketing Officer 
 
CALABASAS, CA, June 15, 2015 -- Ixia (Nasdaq: XXIA), a leading provider of application performance and security resilience solutions, today announced that security marketing veteran Marie Hattar has joined Ixia as its chief marketing officer.
 
“Marie Hattar has a strong track record in leading and developing marketing strategies that deliver results and we are very excited to have her join the Ixia executive team to lead and expand our marketing initiatives in security, SDN, NFV, and the Internet of Things,” said Bethany Mayer, Ixia’s president and chief executive officer. “Ixia holds a pivotal role in the networking and security industry and we believe Marie’s experience in establishing, repositioning and growing market share will help accelerate Ixia’s market momentum, drive brand awareness and foster long-term growth.”
 
Hattar brings to Ixia over 20 years of experience in the security and networking industry. Prior to joining Ixia, Hattar was chief marketing officer of Check Point Software Technologies from 2014 to 2015 where she evolved the company’s market position beyond firewalls to an end-to-end security company. Prior to that, Hattar held several executive marketing positions at Cisco, and most recently served as its vice president, global marketing campaigns, planning and programs from 2012 to 2014. She also served as Cisco’s vice president, enterprise segment marketing from 2011 to 2012, and as vice president, borderless networks marketing from 2008 to 2011. Hattar holds a Master of Business Administration from York University in Toronto, Canada, and a Bachelor of Applied Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Toronto.
 
About Ixia
Ixia provides application performance and security resilience solutions to validate, secure, and optimize businesses’ physical and virtual networks. Enterprises, service providers, network equipment manufacturers, and governments worldwide rely on Ixia’s solutions to deploy new technologies and achieve efficient, secure, ongoing operation of their networks. Ixia's powerful and versatile solutions, expert global support, and professional services equip organizations to exceed customer expectations and achieve better business outcomes. Learn more at http://www.ixiacom.com.
Safe Harbor under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
Certain statements made in this press release are or may be deemed to be forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding the company’s market momentum, brand awareness, and long-term growth. In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "would," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "project," "predict," "potential" or the like. Such forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties, as well as other factors, may cause our future results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements include, among others: our success in leveraging the expertise of our Chief Marketing Officer to accelerate our market momentum, drive brand awareness and foster long-term growth; recent changes in management; changes in the global economy and in market conditions; competition; consistency of orders from significant customers; our success in leveraging our intellectual property portfolio and market opportunities; our expectations regarding the transition into Software Defined Networks (SDN), Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) and virtualized networks; our success in developing, producing and introducing new products to keep pace with the rapid technological changes that characterize our market; our success in developing new sales channels and securing new customers; market acceptance of our products; and war, terrorism, political unrest, natural disasters and other circumstances that could, among other consequences, reduce the demand for our products, disrupt our supply chain and/or impact the delivery of our products. The factors that may cause future results to differ materially from our current expectations also include, without limitation, the risks identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
Media Contact:

Porter Novelli 
Rich ClineTel: 650-207-1677
 
Financial Contact:

The Blueshirt Group 
Maria Riley, Investor RelationsTel: 415-217-7722


 



 




Products + Services
Company



Footer Menu: 2
Careers
Resources





FOLLOW


 


 


 

 




Request a demo
Request a quote






© 1998-2016 Ixia. All rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Corporate Policies

 



 


 






Check Point Appoints Marie Hattar as Chief Marketing Officer | Check Point Software






































































SUPPORT CENTERUSER CENTER / PARTNERMAPCyber Talk For Executives 


THREAT INTELLIGENCE
World Cyber Threat Map
Blog
IPS Advisories & Protections
Threat Wiki
Forums
Security Report




UNDER ATTACK?
We can help. Learn more about
Incident Response




RISK ASSESSMENT
Network Security Checkup
App Wiki
Scan Files
URL Categorization





 


My account




    


CHAT

Live Chat




PHONE
SALES
North America +1-866 488 6691
                International +44-203 608 7492
All international sales numbers


SUPPORT
24x7 Technical Support
                Americas: +1-972-444-6600
                +1-888-361-5030 (Toll Free)
                International: +972-3-6115100




LOCATIONS
UNITED STATESCheck Point Software Technologies Inc.
            959 Skyway Road
            Suite 300
            San Carlos, CA 94070
            +1-800-429-4391
MAP
INTERNATIONAL
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.
                5 Ha'Solelim Street
                Tel Aviv 67897, Israel
                +972-3-753-4555
MAP




  


COMMUNITY
CheckMates User Community
Support Forums
Blog




 











 


LANGUAGE
Chinese
Japanese
Russian




 




















How can I help you?
Start Chat
US Phone: 1-866-488-6691 International Phone: +44-2036087492

















Home > Press Releases > Check Point Appoints Marie Hattar as Chief Marketing Officer


Check Point Press Releases
Check Point Appoints Marie Hattar as Chief Marketing Officer
New CMO Brings Extensive IT and Networking Marketing Leadership to Check Point



San Carlos, CA								  — 
                                 Tue, 27 May 2014								 
Check Point® Software Technologies Ltd. (Nasdaq: CHKP), the worldwide leader in securing the Internet, has announced the appointment of Marie Hattar as the company’s Chief Marketing Officer (CMO). Ms. Hattar will lead Check Point’s brand and global marketing efforts, including product and solutions marketing, corporate marketing, field marketing, corporate communications and partner marketing. She and her team will drive Check Point’s corporate positioning strategy, messaging and communications to both internal and external audiences.
Ms. Hattar brings over 20 years of marketing leadership experience spanning the security, routing, switching, telecom, and mobility markets. Prior to joining Check Point, she was vice president at Cisco where she led the company’s enterprise networking and security portfolios. Prior to Cisco, she worked at Nortel Networks, Alteon WebSystems, and Shasta Networks in senior marketing and CTO positions.
Amnon Bar-Lev, president at Check Point Software Technologies said, “Marie brings a unique blend of marketing leadership, analytical thinking, sales focus and thought leadership to Check Point. She is a key addition to our executive team; her knowledge and insights will enhance our strategic focus on delivering best-in-breed products, while increasing Check Point’s brand awareness and accelerating our growth in the security marketplace.”
Ms. Hattar received her Master of Business Administration from York University and her Bachelor of Applied Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Toronto. She will be based at the Check Point U.S. headquarters in San Carlos, California.
Follow Check Point via
Twitter: www.twitter.com/checkpointsw 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/checkpointsoftware 
YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/CPGlobal





About Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (www.checkpoint.com), the worldwide leader in securing the Internet, provides customers with uncompromised protection against all types of threats, reduces security complexity and lowers total cost of ownership. Check Point first pioneered the industry with FireWall-1 and its patented stateful inspection technology. Today, Check Point continues to develop new innovations based on the Software Blade Architecture, providing customers with flexible and simple solutions that can be fully customized to meet the exact security needs of any organization. Check Point is the only vendor to go beyond technology and define security as a business process. Check Point 3D Security uniquely combines policy, people and enforcement for greater protection of information assets and helps organizations implement a blueprint for security that aligns with business needs. Customers include tens of thousands of organizations of all sizes, including all Fortune and Global 100 companies. Check Point’s award-winning ZoneAlarm solutions protect millions of consumers from hackers, spyware and identity theft.





 













 






Marie Hattar, Chief Marketing Officer, Ixia


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Marie Hattar



Chief Marketing Officer
at
Ixia


Location: San Francisco, CA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Marie Hattar



Chief Marketing Officer
at
Ixia


Location: San Francisco, CA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Ixia provides testing, visibility and security solutions, strengthening applications across physical and virtual networks. Whether it is testing a product, validating the integrity of a security infrastructure or monitoring a real-time operation, Ixia can help.
Ixia. We make applications stronger.
Marketing executive with 20+ years experience in IT/Networking industry directing all marketing disciplines, including audience segmentation analysis, advertising, branding, AR/PR/IR, product/solution marketing, product line management, vertical solution marketing, business development and social/new media marketing. Diverse experience across large, medium and small businesses, both public and private, spanning routing, switching, and security. Frequent keynoter and thought leader / technology evangelist for notable industry events. Strong track record working closely with sales and channel organizations, including direct customer engagements and deal success. Expertise in identifying and implementing marketing solutions to improve propensity-to-buy modeling, customer acquisition, and nurturing. Greatest strengths: establishing and growing company/business market positions in hyper competitive markets, leading strategy and implementations of organizational turnarounds, building best-in-class teams and change management.



4

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





2

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Marketing Consulting Services




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A

































Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Marie HattarCareer (4)






Jun-2015




Ixia



Chief Marketing Officer







May-2014 to Jun-2015




Check Point Software Technologies



Chief Marketing Officer







2005 to Apr-2014




Cisco Systems



Vice President of Network Systems and Security Solutions Marketing







2014




Nortel Networks



Marketing








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Marie HattarEducation (2)










York University













University of Toronto


Electrical Engineering









 Edit



Marie HattarAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Marie Hattar






 Edit



Marie HattarLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Marie Hattar









Marie HattarInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Marie Hattar









Marie HattarInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Marie Hattar








Marie HattarRelated People








Colleagues at Ixia







Bethany Mayer

President and CEO
2014









Laurent  Asscher

Director & Investor
2008








View all 
Peers (92)







Diego Scotti

Chief Marketing Officer of Verizon









Rob  Greer

CMO & SVP of Products of Forescout Technologies









Shirish Lal

COO and CTO of Harte Hanks









Thomas Been

Chief Marketing Officer of Tibco Software









Dan  Rogers

Chief Marketing Officer of Symantec









Paula Skokowski

Chief Marketing Officer of Accellion












View all 



Marie HattarRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies


















