










 







Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC - Lodging and Conventions- A Mississippi Limited Liability Company  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC

      Industry: Lodging and Conventions
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    11 Parkway Boulevard  
    Hattiesburg, MS, 39401Phone: 601-336-5050 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-05


New


$250,000


$250,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Otc Hospitality, Llc A Mississippi Limited Liability Company 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Robert O. Tatum, Jr. 
 Executive, Promoter 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC - company directors, founders, board of directors





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (2) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC - company directors, founders, board of directors


NameStreetCityCountryOTC Hospitality, LLC  a Mississippi limited liability company11 Parkway Boulevard HattiesburgMSRobert O. Tatum, Jr.11 Parkway Boulevard HattiesburgMS 













 







OTC Hospitality, LLC  a Mississippi limited liability company - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











OTC Hospitality, LLC  a Mississippi limited liability company
Check out list of companies and businesses related to OTC Hospitality, LLC  a Mississippi limited liability company. Find out OTC Hospitality, LLC  a Mississippi limited liability company address and contact details. View other people related to OTC Hospitality, LLC  a Mississippi limited liability company - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

11 Parkway Boulevard  Hattiesburg 39401 MS




Companies related to OTC Hospitality, LLC  a Mississippi limited liability company
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001672023Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC11 PARKWAY BOULEVARD  HATTIESBURG 39401




OTC Hospitality, LLC  a Mississippi limited liability company on the Web
Persons related to OTC Hospitality, LLC  a Mississippi limited liability company - Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLCNamePositionCityOTC Hospitality, LLC  a Mississippi limited liability companyHattiesburgTatum, Jr.  RobertHattiesburg












 










HATTIESBURG HOSPITALITY Hattiesburg MS, 39401 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Hattiesburg Hospitality
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Hattiesburg Hospitality



6563 U S Highway 49

Hattiesburg,
							
							
							 MS
							
							
							 39401-3006
							
							 |  view map


(601) 602-2615

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

HATTIESBURG HOSPITALITY in Hattiesburg, MS.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Hammer & CO


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Ideal Construction CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks


RAM Enterprises Inc


Barnes & Noble


Walbro


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Coats Electric CO Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Hattiesburg Hospitality
Rate Hattiesburg Hospitality on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Hattiesburg Hospitality
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLTAIRE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VUDEN INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGUE

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

GOODY 2 SHOES
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
ADVENT I LLC
CONTORNO INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
L & L MACHINE TOOL
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

AZURADISC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
PANALPINA INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
STINGER WELDING INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC $3,250,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC $3,250,000 Financing
Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC just submitted form D announcing $3,250,000 equity financing.  This is a new filing. Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC was able to sell $250,000. That is 8% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $3,250,000. The financing was made by 1 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $0. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-05. Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC is based in  11 PARKWAY BOULEVARD  HATTIESBURG 39401. The firm's business is Lodging and Conventions. The firm's revenue range is Decline to Disclose. The form was signed by  OTC Hospitality, LLC a Mississippi limited liability company.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001672023




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
MISSISSIPPI
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

11 PARKWAY BOULEVARD

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


HATTIESBURG
MISSISSIPPI
39401
601-336-5050


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


a Mississippi limited liability company
OTC Hospitality, LLC


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

11 Parkway Boulevard

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Hattiesburg
MISSISSIPPI
39401



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
OTC Hospitality, LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company, is the Manager of the issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Tatum, Jr.
Robert
O.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

11 Parkway Boulevard

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Hattiesburg
MISSISSIPPI
39401



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Mr. Tatum is the Manager of OTC Hospitality, LLC, the Manager of the issuer.
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





X
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-09-26

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$0

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$3,250,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$250,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$3,000,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
1


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

X
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC
Clay W. Escude
Clay W. Escude
Attorney duly authorized by the Manager of the Issuer.
2016-10-05


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-05New Form D$3,250,000$250,000$3,000,000$0106b[view]
Hattiesburg Hospitality HI, LLC List of ExecutivesOTC Hospitality, LLC a Mississippi limited liability company, Robert Tatum, Jr.











Last visited: Raveneur Offshore Fund Ltd, PowerICE, Inc., NATIONWIDE PRIVATE PLACEMENT VARIABLE ACCOUNT, Agua Enerviva, LLC, Third Eye Diagnostics Inc

								© 
							
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Hattiesburg Hospitality Hattiesburg, MS 39401 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeHotels near Hattiesburg, MSHattiesburg HospitalityIn mybook® : Travel Collection (edit)Added to your travel collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your travel collection.Hattiesburg HospitalityWrite a ReviewAdd a PhotoBe the first to review!6563 U S Highway 49, Hattiesburg, MS 39401(601) 602-2615Add HoursAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Add WebsiteSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessHoward Johnson6541 U S Highway 49, Hattiesburg, MS 39401(769) 307-0021HotelsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoGreat Deals on HotelsFind Unbelievably Low Hotel Rates.Book 4 Star Hotels at 2 Star Priceswww.LowFares.com/Hotel-SaleHoursDo you know the hours for this business?Services/ProductsHotelsCategoriesHotels, Lodging, Motels COUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Map & DirectionsAdHoliday Inn ExpressServing the Hattiesburg area.(877) 654-0232IHG Rewards Club Members Introducing: YOUR RATE.Put your ad here >People Also ViewedSuper 8 Motel(1)6529 U S Highway 49, Hattiesburg, MSEcono Lodge6655 U S Highway 49, Hattiesburg, MSLa Quinta6563 U S Highway 49, Hattiesburg, MSRed Carpet Inn(2)6528 U S Highway 49, Hattiesburg, MSSuper 8 Hattiesburg South2 Churchill St, Hattiesburg, MSPaid Advertisement 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
