







John N. Haugh - Iconix






















































 










About
Brands
Investors
NEWS
Connect




 





February 25, 2016
John N. Haugh 



John N. Haugh was appointed President of Iconix Brand Group, effective February 23, 2016 and became Chief Executive Officer & President of Iconix on April 1, 2016.
Mr. Haugh is a proven executive with more than 30 years of experience leading premier global brands and retail businesses. Prior to joining Iconix, he was President of Sun, Luxury and Retail Services for Luxottica Retail, N.A. In this role he led more than 14,000 Sunglass Hut associates; managed the Luxottica and Macy’s, Inc. license operations business; directed the luxury optical business; and managed real estate, design and construction for Luxottica Retail, N.A. Prior to joining Luxottica in 2011, Mr. Haugh was President of Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc. Before joining Build-A-Bear, he served as President of the Mars Retail Group for Mars, Inc.  Mr. Haugh previously held senior marketing, strategy and sales leadership roles with Payless ShoeSource, Inc., Universal Studios, Inc. and General Mills, Inc.
Mr. Haugh is a member of the board of directors of Aeropostale, Inc. and serves on the Board of Trustees for the International Council of Shopping Centers.  He obtained a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and an MBA from the International Institute of Management Development (IMD) in Lausanne, Switzerland.









Other News





Iconix Brand Group Announces Hiring of John Haugh as CEO
02/23/16







Sharper Image Debuts its Holiday Campaign Starring Actor, Josh Duhamel
11/04/15







Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Cover Model Hannah Davis Stars in the Spring/Summer Marketing Campaign for OP
05/13/15









News
See All



Candie’s and the Brand’s Creative Director Actress Sarah Hyland Unveil the Spring Collection
Read More


Sanjay Khosla and Kristen O’Hara, Join Board as New Independent Directors
Read More


London Fog Taps Actor David Duchovny & Victoria’s Secret Model Martha Hunt
Read More


see All News



Back to top
 


























News on John N. Haugh


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    John N. Haugh                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


John N. Haugh











Iconix Brand Group Acquires 100% Ownership of Iconix Canada


                                July 20, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... years. Separately, Iconix will retain its 51% interest in the Buffalo brand. John Haugh, Chief Executive Officer of Iconix, commented, "International expansion is a key ...
                                









Iconix Reduces Debt by $362 Million and Completes the Sale of the Entertainment Segment


                                July 3, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... million Variable Funding Note, and approximately $295 million of 2018 Convertible Notes. John Haugh, Chief Executive Officer of Iconix, said, "Improving the balance sheet has ...
                                









Iconix Brand Group to Present at the Baird 2017 Global Consumer, Technology & Services Conference


                                June 5, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... ICON) ("Iconix" or the "Company"), today announced that its Chief Executive Officer, John Haugh is scheduled to present at the Baird 2017 Global Consumer, Technology ...
                                









'Good grief': DHX makes Charlie Brown a Canadian 


                                May 11, 2017                                 • 
                                The Globe and Mail (Canada)                            


                                  ... this year. Peanuts has remained healthy: on Iconix's third-quarter earnings call, CEO John Haugh said Peanuts worldwide licensing revenue was "probably 30-per-centplus higher today than ...
                                









Good grief! Peanuts and Strawberry Shortcake sell for $345 million


                                May 10, 2017                                 • 
                                L.A. Biz                            


                                  ... proud of the contributions Iconix has made to these brands," Iconix CEO John Haugh said in a statement, citing the company's partnership on the first-ever ...
                                









Iconix Brand Group Announces Sale of Peanuts and Strawberry Shortcake Brands


                                May 10, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... for $345 million in cash, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. John Haugh, Chief Executive Officer of Iconix, said, "One of our strategic objectives ...
                                









Iconix Brand Group to Present at Cowen and Company Future of the Consumer Conference


                                March 30, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... ICON) ("Iconix" or the "Company"), today announced that its Chief Executive Officer, John Haugh is scheduled to present at the Cowen and Company Future of ...
                                









Iconix Brand Group To Present At Multiple Upcoming Investor Conferences


                                March 7, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Brand Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: ICON) ("Iconix" or the "Company"), today announced that John Haugh, President and Chief Executive Officer of Iconix, will present at the ...
                                









Iconix Brand Group Reports Financial Results For The Fourth Quarter & Full Year 2016


                                February 22, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016.� John Haugh, CEO of Iconix commented, "2016 was a year of transition for ...
                                









Iconix Brand Group Announces Agreement to Divest Sharper Image Brand


                                December 30, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... to ThreeSixty Group, the brand's largest licensee, for $100 million in cash. John Haugh, Chief Executive Officer of Iconix, commented, "Sharper Image is a strong ...
                                









Iconix Brand Group to Present at ICR Conference 2017


                                December 20, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... (Nasdaq: ICON) ("Iconix" or the "Company"),�today announced that its Chief Executive Officer, John Haugh, and its Chief Financial Officer, Dave Jones are scheduled to present ...
                                









Iconix Announces Changes to Board of Directors


                                September 27, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... appointments announced today, as well as the appointment earlier this year of John Haugh as Iconix's new CEO, reflect our commitment to ensuring that we ...
                                









John N. Haugh purchased $1.88M worth of shares in Iconix Brand Group Inc. in February 2016


                                March 8, 2016                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Iconix Brand Group Reports Inducement Grant Under NASDAQ Listing Rules


                                February 26, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... by the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules, an equity inducement award to John N. Haugh, who joined the Company on February 23, 2016 as its new ...
                                









Iconix Brand Group Announces Hiring of John Haugh as CEO


                                February 23, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Mr. Haugh will become CEO on April 1, 2016 Peter Cuneo transitioning to ...
                                









ICSC Elects New Trustees to its Worldwide Board


                                May 19, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... LP, Dallas;Peter R. Gold, managing director, retail, cross border, EMEA, CBRE, London;John N. Haugh, president, Sun, Luxury, Retail Services, Luxottica Retail Inc., Mason, Ohio;Elizabeth I. ...
                                









Earnings Analysis - Aeropostale


                                April 8, 2015                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... J. Cunningham, Evelyn S. Dilsaver, Kenneth B. Gilman, Janet E. Grove, John N. Haugh, John D. Howard and David B. Vermylen - bought 33,123 shares ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Iconix Brand Group Inc.







Apparel & Footwear







Board and Executive Moves in Apparel & Footwear







Alumni of International Institute for Management Development

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤






















John N. Haugh - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















John N. Haugh
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Iconix Brand Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you John N. Haugh? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John N. Haugh's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in John N. Haugh's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John N. Haugh's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John N. Haugh through your network of contacts.
												








John N. Haugh's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Iconix Brand Group, Inc.


Board Member, 
Aeropostale, Inc.


Past
To view John N. Haugh's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Bachelor's, 
															University of Wisconsin


														 M.B.A., 
															International Institute for Management Development


Age
54

 
 


John N. Haugh's Biography



John N. Haugh has served as a Director and as our President since February 23, 2016. He has also served as our Chief Executive Officer since April 1, 2016. Prior to joining our Company, from July 2011 to February 2016, Mr. Haugh worked for Luxottica Retail North America, a division of Luxottica Group SpA, the leading optical and sunglass wholesaler and retailer in the world, most recently in the role of President of Sun, Luxury and Retail Services. From March 2009 through July 2011, Mr. Haugh was the President and Chief Merchandising Officer for Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc. Earlier in his career, Mr. Haugh held general management, marketing, s ...
(Read More)

			John N. Haugh has served as a Director and as our President since February 23, 2016. He has also served as our Chief Executive Officer since April 1, 2016. Prior to joining our Company, from July 2011 to February 2016, Mr. Haugh worked for Luxottica Retail North America, a division of Luxottica Group SpA, the leading optical and sunglass wholesaler and retailer in the world, most recently in the role of President of Sun, Luxury and Retail Services. From March 2009 through July 2011, Mr. Haugh was the President and Chief Merchandising Officer for Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc. Earlier in his career, Mr. Haugh held general management, marketing, sales and operational roles with several companies including Mars, Inc., Payless ShoeSource, Inc., Universal Studios, Inc., Carlson Companies, Inc. and General Mills, Inc. Since 2007, Mr. Haugh has served on the Board of Directors of Aeropostale, Inc. and is currently the chairman of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Aeropostale's Board. Aeropostale and each of its subsidiaries filed for bankruptcy in May 2016. Mr. Haugh also serves on the Board of Trustees for the International Council of Shopping Centers. Mr. Haugh obtained a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1985 and an MBA from the International Institute of Management Development (IMD) in Lausanne, Switzerland in 1991. The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Haugh's broad executive background, brand building and brand management expertise and experience in corporate strategy, as well as his experience as a director of a public company, make him well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors.
		
Source: Iconix Brand Group, Inc. on 05/01/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John N. Haugh's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like John N. Haugh. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in John N. Haugh's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John N. Haugh's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John N. Haugh through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: John N. Haugh


















John N. Haugh's Connections (95)





Sign up now to view John N. Haugh's 95 connections »









Sanjay Khosla
Board Member, Zoetis Inc.









Enrico Cavatorta
Former Chief Financial Officer and General Manager, Central Corporate Functions, Luxottica Group S.p.A.









David K. Jones
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Iconix Brand Group, Inc.









Luigi Francavilla
Former Deputy Chairman and Chairman, Luxottica S.r.l., Luxottica Group S.p.A.









Leonardo Del Vecchio
Former Chairman of the Board, Luxottica Group S.p.A.









Andrea Guerra
Board Member, Coach, Inc.









Mylle H. Mangum
Board Member, Barnes Group Inc.









Virginia H. Kent
Former Board Member, Build-A-Bear Workshop









Frederick B. Lamster
Former Chairman of the Board, Body Central Corp.









David B. Vermylen
Board Member, Aeropostale, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















ICON John N. Haugh Insider Trades for Iconix Brand Group Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Iconix Brand Group Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ICON
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Iconix Brand Group Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:41 p.m.


ICON

/quotes/zigman/97419/composite


$
6.78




Change

-0.02
-0.29%

Volume
Volume 37,464
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/97419/composite
Previous close

$
			6.78
		


$
				6.80
			
Change

+0.02
+0.29%





Day low
Day high
$6.62
$6.82










52 week low
52 week high

            $5.91
        

            $10.80
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




John N. Haugh



Mr. John N. Haugh is President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Iconix Brand Group, Inc., General Manager at Sunglass Hut, Inc. and Independent Director at A?ropostale, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Iconix Brand Group, Inc., International Council of Shopping Centers, Inc., A?ropostale, Inc. and Integrated Circuit Systems, Inc. Mr. Haugh was previously employed as President, Chief Marketing & Merchandising Officer by Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc., President by IT'SUGAR LLC, President by Mars Retail Group, Executive Vice President-Marketing & Sales by Universal Studios, Inc., Director, President-Sun, Luxury & Retail Services by Luxottica Retail North America, Inc., and Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President by Payless ShoeSource, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Wisconsin and an MBA from the International Institute for Management Development.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/07/2017
97,508


 
Award at $7.52 per share.


733,260


03/07/2017
49,824


 
Award at $7.52 per share.


374,676


02/22/2017
52,199


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $9.18 per share.


479,187


03/31/2016
62,112


 
Award at $8.05 per share.


500,001


02/23/2016
246,325


 
Award at $7.62 per share.


1,876,996





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Peter F. Cuneo 
Executive Chairman




Mr. John N. Haugh 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. David K. Jones 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Willy  Burkhardt 
Executive Vice President & International President




Ms. Carolyn  D'Angelo 
Executive VP-Brand Management & Marketing Services




Mr. Kenneth  Slutsky 
Director




Ms. Jamie  Cygielman 
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President




Ms. Jaime  Sheinheit 
Investor Relations Contact




Mr. Jason  Schaefer 
Executive Vice President & General Counsel




Ms. Kristen  O'Hara 
Independent Director




Mr. Sanjay  Khosla 
Independent Director




Mr. Drew  Cohen 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. James A. Marcum 
Independent Director




Ms. Sue E. Gove 
Independent Director




Mr. Mark A. Friedman 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:54 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































John Haugh, Iconix Brand Group Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





John Haugh

President/CEO,
Iconix Brand Group Inc






Career History




President/CEO
Iconix Brand Group Inc, 4/2016-PRESENT


President
Iconix Brand Group Inc, 2/2016-4/2016


President Bear
Build-A-Bear Workshop Inc, 5/2010-7/2011


Pres/Chief Mktg & Merch Bear
Build-A-Bear Workshop Inc, 3/2009-5/2010


President
It's Sugar LLC, 1/2008-12/2008


President
Mars Retail Group, 1/2004-12/2007


Senior VP/Chief Mktg Officer
Payless Shoesource Inc, 11/2001-10/2003


Senior VP:Marketing
Payless Shoesource Inc, 1/2000-11/2001


General Manager
Sunglass Hut, 7/2011-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.iconixbrand.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1450 Broadway
Third Floor
New York, NY 10018
United States


Phone:
1-212-730-0030


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.iconixbrand.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Wisconsin-Madison
Bachelor's Degree


International Institute of Management Development
MBA








Memberships



Board Memberships




Iconix Brand Group Inc


Board Member, 2/2016-PRESENT




Aeropostale Inc


Board Member, 6/2007-PRESENT






Other Memberships




International Council of Shopping Centers


Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





















































 



 Iconix Brand Group Announces Hiring of John Haugh as CEO 
         










    










 






 











 









Iconix Brand Group Announces Hiring of John Haugh as CEO

Feb 23, 2016, 16:30 ET
		  		  							
						 from   Iconix Brand Group, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Feb. 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- 

 Mr. Haugh will become CEO on April 1, 2016 
 Peter Cuneo transitioning to Executive Chairman on April 1, 2016
The Board of Directors of Iconix Brand Group, Inc. (Nasdaq:   ICON) ("Iconix" or the "Company") today announced that John N. Haugh has been appointed President and a member of the Board of Directors effective February 23, 2016.  Mr. Haugh will become Chief Executive Officer of Iconix on April 1, 2016.  At that time, Interim CEO Peter Cuneo will transition to Executive Chairman of the Iconix Board.
Mr. Haugh is a proven executive with more than 30 years of experience leading premier global brands and retail businesses at highly respected companies, including Luxottica S.p.A., Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc. and Mars, Inc.  In his role as President of Sun, Luxury and Retail Services for Luxottica Retail, N.A., he led more than 14,000 Sunglass Hut associates; managed the Luxottica and Macy's, Inc. license operations business; directed the luxury optical business; and managed real estate, design and construction for Luxottica Retail, N.A. 
"Our Board has identified in John a talented and experienced executive who can focus Iconix on accelerating organic growth with our portfolio of brands and on exploring opportunities for new acquisitions," said Interim CEO of Iconix, Peter Cuneo.  "During the past six months, I have worked closely with our management team to diligently review our operations, to focus on refinancing our maturing 2016 convertible notes and to work with the SEC to conclude its comment letter process.  We are well positioned for the next stage of growth under John's leadership, and when I transition to Executive Chairman on April 1, my focus will shift to areas of need where I can best help the company."
Said Mr. Haugh, "It is an honor to take on the leadership of Iconix Brand Group.  The company occupies a position of prominence in the industry and holds a tremendous portfolio of iconic brands that account for approximately $13 billion of retail sales globally.  I look forward to leading a talented management team committed to our next stage of growth as we work with our retail partners to help them maximize the strength that the Iconix brands can bring to their businesses."  
About John Haugh
Mr. Haugh's leadership experience across global brands and retailers spans more than 30 years.  Prior to joining Luxottica in 2011, Mr. Haugh was President of Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc. Before joining Build-A-Bear, he served as President of the Mars Retail Group for Mars, Inc.  Mr. Haugh previously held senior marketing, strategy and sales leadership roles with Payless ShoeSource, Inc., Universal Studios, Inc. and General Mills, Inc.
Mr. Haugh is a member of the board of directors of Aeropostale, Inc. and serves on the Board of Trustees for the International Council of Shopping Centers.  He obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and an MBA from the International Institute of Management Development (IMD) in Lausanne, Switzerland.
In connection with Mr. Haugh's appointment, the Iconix Brand Group Board of Directors was assisted by leading executive search firm, Herbert Mines Associates.
About Iconix Brand Group, Inc.
Iconix Brand Group, Inc. owns, licenses and markets a growing portfolio of consumer brands including: CANDIE'S (R), BONGO (R), BADGLEY MISCHKA (R), JOE BOXER (R), RAMPAGE (R), MUDD (R), MOSSIMO (R), LONDON FOG (R), OCEAN PACIFIC (R), DANSKIN (R), ROCAWEAR (R), CANNON (R), ROYAL VELVET (R), FIELDCREST (R), CHARISMA (R), STARTER (R), WAVERLY (R), ZOO YORK (R), SHARPER IMAGE (R), UMBRO (R), LEE COOPER (R), ECKO UNLTD. (R), MARC ECKO (R) and STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE (R). In addition, Iconix owns interests in the ARTFUL DODGER (R), MATERIAL GIRL (R), PEANUTS (R), ED HARDY (R), TRUTH OR DARE (R), MODERN AMUSEMENT (R), BUFFALO (R), NICK GRAHAM (R) and PONY (R) brands. The Company licenses its brands to a network of leading retailers and manufacturers that touch every major segment of retail distribution from the luxury market to the mass market in both the U.S. and worldwide. Through its in-house business development, merchandising, advertising and public relations departments, Iconix manages its brands to drive greater consumer awareness and equity.
Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements that are not historical facts contained in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict and many of which are beyond the control of the Company, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, uncertainty regarding the results of the Company's acquisition of additional licenses, continued market acceptance of current products and the ability to successfully develop and market new products particularly in light of rapidly changing fashion trends, the impact of supply and manufacturing constraints or difficulties relating to the Company's licensees' dependence on foreign manufacturers and suppliers, uncertainties relating to customer plans and commitments, the ability of licensees to successfully market and sell branded products, competition, uncertainties relating to economic conditions in the markets in which the Company operates, the ability to hire and retain key personnel, the ability to obtain capital if required, the risks of litigation and regulatory proceedings, the risks of uncertainty of trademark protection, the uncertainty of marketing and licensing acquired trademarks and other risks detailed in the Company's SEC filings. The words "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "expect", "confident", "continue", "will", "project", "provide" "guidance" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. All forward-looking statements are qualified by these cautionary statements and apply only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Contact Information:
Jaime Sheinheit 
Investor Relations 
Iconix Brand Group 
jsheinheit@iconixbrand.com 
212.730.0030
 SOURCE  Iconix Brand Group, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.iconixbrand.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Feb 26, 2016, 16:43 ET
Preview: Iconix Brand Group Reports Inducement Grant Under NASDAQ Listing Rules













Feb 18, 2016, 17:30 ET
Preview: Iconix Brand Group Announces its Conclusions Related to SEC Comment Letter Process and Reaffirms 2015 Guidance






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Jun 05, 2017, 09:00 ET
Iconix Brand Group Acquires 100% Ownership of Iconix Canada








Jun 05, 2017, 09:00 ET
Iconix Reduces Debt by $362 Million and Completes the Sale of the...








Jun 05, 2017, 09:00 ET
Iconix Brand Group to Present at the Baird 2017 Global Consumer,...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 
Page Not Found - Leadership Directories
























Products


Blogs


About 


Client Support


Order













Return Home    
        Contact Us


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            








Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #c27b9290-6f73-11e7-bf85-ef8454986d4b
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #c2ab5520-6f73-11e7-85b0-49e8b4fe17f8
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #c2d59970-6f73-11e7-82ed-9b6ea7a8e4dd
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          


















Boards Archive - Iconix














































 

 






 










About
Brands
Investors
NEWS
Connect









AboutThe Iconix Advantage
Management
Board of Directors
Contact Us
Join Our Team
Privacy Policy
 


 See All News 

Mudd Reveals That Nash Grier Will Front The Brand’s #DestinationMudd Campaign For Spring Alongside Fellow Social Media Powerhouses Lauren Riihimaki and Jordyn Jones
More


Candie’s and the Brand’s Creative Director Actress Sarah Hyland Unveil the Spring Collection
More


Iconix Hosts Investor Day
More


 



Board of Directors


John Haugh

John N. Haugh joined our Board in February 2016.  Mr. Haugh was appointed President of Iconix Brand Group, effective February 23, 2016 and became Chief Executive Officer & President of Iconix on April 1, 2016. Mr. Haugh is a proven executive with more than 30 years of experience leading premier global brands and retail businesses.  Prior to joining Iconix, he was President of Sun, Luxury and Retail Services for Luxottica Retail, N.A. 
Read More...


John Haugh
John N. Haugh joined our Board in February 2016.  Mr. Haugh was appointed President of Iconix Brand Group, effective February 23, 2016 and became Chief Executive Officer & President of Iconix on April 1, 2016.
Mr. Haugh is a proven executive with more than 30 years of experience leading premier global brands and retail businesses.  Prior to joining Iconix, he was President of Sun, Luxury and Retail Services for Luxottica Retail, N.A. In this role he led more than 14,000 Sunglass Hut associates; managed the Luxottica and Macy’s, Inc. license operations business; directed the luxury optical business; and managed real estate, design and construction for Luxottica Retail, N.A.  Prior to joining Luxottica in 2011, Mr. Haugh was President of Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc. Before joining Build-A-Bear, he served as President of the Mars Retail Group for Mars, Inc.  Mr. Haugh previously held senior marketing, strategy and sales leadership roles with Payless ShoeSource, Inc., Universal Studios, Inc. and General Mills, Inc.
Mr. Haugh is a member of the board of directors of Aeropostale, Inc. and serves on the Board of Trustees for the International Council of Shopping Centers.  He obtained a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and an MBA from the International Institute of Management Development (IMD) in Lausanne, Switzerland.



Peter Cuneo

Peter Cuneo is a recognized leader in business turnarounds. Since 1983, he has completed seven turnarounds of distressed branded businesses in the global media and consumer products sectors. 
Read More...


Peter Cuneo
Peter Cuneo is a recognized leader in business turnarounds. Since 1983, he has completed seven turnarounds of distressed branded businesses in the global media and consumer products sectors. From 1999 to 2009, Peter played a lead role in the turnaround of Marvel Entertainment Inc. (NYSE-MVL). As President and CEO, he led Marvel, post bankruptcy, to a prominent position in the entertainment industry. He then served as Vice Chairman of the Board, providing active strategic leadership as Marvel continues to grow into one of the world’s leading entertainment brands. This culminated in its $4.5 billion sale to Disney at the end of 2009. Previously, Peter was President and CEO of Remington Products Company. He joined the company as it was near bankruptcy and, in less than four years, executed a successful turnaround of the business and facilitated its sale to private equity investors. Peter has also served as President of the Security Hardware Group of the Black & Decker Corporation, President of Bristol-Myers Squibb Pharmaceutical Group in Canada and President of the Clairol Personal Care Division. Peter is currently the Managing Principal of Cuneo & Company, LLC, a private investment and management company, in which his sons, Gavin and Colin are partners.
Peter currently sits on the Board of the Foundation for the National Archives in Washington, DC as Co-Head of the Development Committee. Peter served two tours as a Lieutenant in the U.S. Navy in the Vietnam War. He received his MBA from Harvard Business School and holds a Bachelor of Science in Glass Science (Ceramic Engineering) from Alfred University, where he has served on the Board of Trustees since 1990. Peter recently completed six years as Chairman of Alfred’s Board and was awarded an honorary doctorate degree in 2013. Forbes Magazine called Peter one of the ten best turnaround CEO’s in America.



Drew Cohen

Drew Cohen has served on our Board since April 2004. Since 2007 he has been the President of Music Theatre International, which represents the dramatic performing rights of classic properties, such as “West Side Story” and…
Read More...


Drew Cohen
Drew Cohen has served on our Board since April 2004. Since 2007 he has been the President of Music Theatre International, which represents the dramatic performing rights of classic properties, such as “West Side Story” and “Fiddler on the Roof,” and licenses over 50,000 performances a year around the world. Before joining Music Theatre International in September 2002, Mr. Cohen was, from July 2001, the Director of Investments for Big Wave NV, an investment management company, and, prior to that, General Manager for GlassNote Records, an independent record company. Mr. Cohen received a Bachelor of Science degree from Tufts University in 1990, his Juris Doctor degree from Fordham Law School in 1993, and a Masters degree in business administration from Harvard Business School in 2001.



Mark Friedman

Mark Friedman has served on our Board since October 2006. Mr. Friedman has been the Managing Partner of The Retail Tracker, an investment and consulting firm, since May 2006. Previously, beginning in 1996, Mr. Friedman was with Merrill Lynch, serving in various capacities…
Read More...


Mark Friedman
Mark Friedman has served on our Board since October 2006. Mr. Friedman has been the Managing Partner of The Retail Tracker, an investment and consulting firm, since May 2006. Previously, beginning in 1996, Mr. Friedman was with Merrill Lynch, serving in various capacities including, most recently, as group head of its U.S. equity research retail team where he specialized in analyzing and evaluating specialty retailers in the apparel, accessory and home goods segments. Prior thereto, he specialized in similar services for Lehman Brothers Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co. Mr. Friedman has been ranked on the Institutional Investor All-American Research Team as one of the top-rated sector analysts and received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Michigan in 1986 and a Masters degree in business administration from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania in 1990.



James Marcum

James Marcum has served on our Board since October 2007. Since February 2010, he has been the Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of the board of Central Parking Corporation, a nationwide provider of professional parking management.
Read More...


James Marcum
James Marcum has served on our Board since October 2007. Since February 2010, he has been the Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of the board of Central Parking Corporation, a nationwide provider of professional parking management. From September 2008 to January 2010, Mr. Marcum served as Vice Chairman, Acting President and Chief Executive Officer of Circuit City Stores, Inc., a specialty retailer of consumer electronics, home office products and entertainment software. Mr. Marcum has served as a member of the board of directors of Circuit City Stores, Inc. since June 2008. Circuit City Stores, Inc. filed for bankruptcy in November 2008. He is a limited partner of Tri-Artisan Capital Partners, LLC, a merchant banking firm, and served as an operating partner and operating executive of Tri-Artisan Capital Partners from 2004 until March 2008. From January 2005 to January 2006, he served in various capacities, including chief executive officer and director, of Ultimate Electronics, Inc., a consumer electronics retailer. Prior thereto, Mr. Marcum has served in various senior executive capacities for a variety of nationwide specialty retailers. He received a Bachelor’s degree from Southern Connecticut State University in accounting and economics in 1980.



Sue Gove

Sue Gove joined our Board in October 2014. Ms. Gove is currently the President of Excelsior Advisors, LLC. Previously, beginning in 2008, Ms. Gove was with Golfsmith International Holdings, Inc., serving in various executive capacities including, most recently, as President and Chief Executive Officer.
Read More...


Sue Gove
Sue Gove joined our Board in October 2014. Ms. Gove is currently the President of Excelsior Advisors, LLC. Previously, beginning in 2008, Ms. Gove was with Golfsmith International Holdings, Inc., serving in various executive capacities including, most recently, as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior thereto, Ms. Gove worked as an independent consultant, serving clients in specialty retail and private equity. Previously, Ms. Gove was a consultant for Prentice Capital Management, LP and Alvarez and Marsal Business Consulting, LLC. Ms. Gove began her career at Zale Corporation, where she served in various capacities, including as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and as a director. Ms. Gove has been a director of AutoZone, Inc. since 2005. Ms. Gove received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Texas at Austin.



Sanjay Khosla

Sanjay Khosla has served on our Board since September 2016.  Mr. Khosla is a seasoned executive with a proven track record of success in transforming international businesses, and has worked and lived in the United States, Europe and Asia.
Read More...


Sanjay Khosla
Sanjay Khosla has served on our Board since September 2016.  Mr. Khosla is a seasoned executive with a proven track record of success in transforming international businesses, and has worked and lived in the United States, Europe and Asia. Since 2013, Mr. Khosla has served as a Senior Fellow at Kellogg Markets and Customers Initiative, Northwestern University and a Senior Advisor at Boston Consulting Group, a global management consulting firm advising on business strategy. Previously, Mr. Khosla was President, Developing Markets of Kraft Foods (now Mondelez International) from January 2007 to March 2013, responsible for 65,000 people in over 60 countries and iconic brands like Cadbury, Oreo, Milka and Trident. Before joining Kraft Foods, Mr. Khosla led the turnaround of the $3 billion consumer business of Fonterra, a global dairy company based in New Zealand. Prior to Fonterra, Mr. Khosla spent 27-years with Unilever based in the UK, Europe and India. Mr. Khosla is also an experienced board director in diverse industries. Mr. Khosla currently serves on the Board of Zoetis Inc. and NIIT Ltd. Previously, he served on the Boards of Hindustan Unilever, Best Buy Inc. and Big Heart Pet Brands. Mr. Khosla received a Bachelor of Technology degree, with honors, from the Indian Institute of Technology in electrical engineering in 1973. 



Kristen O’Hara

Kristen O’Hara has served on our Board since September 2016.  Ms. O’Hara is a marketing and advertising executive with expertise in social and digital media, as well as data analytics and technology.
Read More...


Kristen O’Hara
Kristen O’Hara has served on our Board since September 2016.  Ms. O’Hara is a marketing and advertising executive with expertise in social and digital media, as well as data analytics and technology. Ms. O’Hara is the Chief Marketing Officer of Global Media, Time Warner Inc. In this role she drives the marketing strategy and business innovation for the $58 billion media and entertainment company by leveraging consumer insight, data and new technology platforms. Ms. O’Hara joined Time Warner in 2002 as Vice President, Corporate Marketing and Sales Strategy, at Time Inc. Prior to Time Warner, Ms. O’Hara held various leadership positions and spent ten years at Young & Rubicam Inc., driving brand strategy and business development for top advertisers and brands including AT&T, Sony, Yum Brands, Dr Pepper, and 7Up. She received a Bachelor of Arts degree from The College of the Holy Cross in English Literature in 1992.



Kenneth Slutsky

Kenneth Slutsky joined our Board in November 2016. Mr. Slutsky has served as Managing Director and a partner at Saybrook Capital since June 2013, and has been an advisory board member there since 2002.
Read More...


Kenneth Slutsky
Kenneth Slutsky joined our Board in November 2016. Mr. Slutsky has served as Managing Director and a partner at Saybrook Capital since June 2013, and has been an advisory board member there since 2002. Previously, Mr. Slutsky served in various senior leadership positions including Vice Chairman of Candle Corporation, a provider of systems management software from 1990 to 2000 and senior leadership roles at Casey Company and Kern Oil and Refining Company from 1979 to 1991. Additionally, he has been a member of Wedgewood Corporation’s board of directors since January 2012 and the Axia Holding Corp. board since April 2015. Previously he served on Western Emulsions’ board from January 2012 until the Company was sold in December 2015. Previously, Mr. Slutsky served on an advisory board of Northwest Airlines, the boards of directors of AT Curd Builders and Red Cloud Capital and the board of trustees of The Rand Corporation Center for Middle Eastern Policy. Mr. Slutsky graduated from Bowdoin College, Magna Cum Laude, in 1976 and received a Juris Doctor from Emory University in 1979.

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip





















haugh john - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Search John Haugh - Looking for John Haugh?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for John Haugh? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best People Search




Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth
















John Haugh




John Haugh (1930–1998) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with local club Toomevara and also with Holycross-Ballycahill. He was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

John Haugh - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/John_Haugh


Early life. John Haugh was born in Ballycrinode in the parish of Toomevara in 1930. A parish steeped in hurling tradition, it was only to be expected that hurling ...


Dollar, Clackmannanshire - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Dollar,_Clackmannanshire


Dollar, Clackmannanshire. Source: ... This word was borrowed from British or Pictish into Scottish Gaelic as dail ‘water-meadow, haugh’). John Everett-Heath, in ...


Haugh House - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Haugh_House


The Haugh House is a two-story, ... John Haugh purchased 80 acres of land from his father-in-law in 1844, and began farming it. In about 1855, the house was added.


- WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/John_Haugh_(judge)


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


John Haughm - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/John_Haughm


John Haughm (born September 14, 1975) is a heavy metal musician and an artist from the United States who currently plays for Pillorian. [1] He is most famous for ...


Chicago Tribune - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/The_Chicago_Tribune


The Chicago Tribune is a daily newspaper based in ... David Haugh; Blair Kamin; John Kass; Clarence ... "Introducing a new column by John Kass". Chicago Tribune. p. 1


Haugh of Urr - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Motte_of_Urr


The Motte of Urr, is the site of a motte-and-bailey castle. Today this medieval earthwork near the Haugh of Urr is said to be the most extensive bailey earthwork in ...


Jack Williams (American politician) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Jack_Richard_Williams


Jack Williams (American politician) ... John Richard "Jack" Williams ... His opponents during the Republican primary were Arizona House Speaker John Haugh and former ...


Julianne Hough And Vanessa Hudgens Join Fox's 'Grease ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/01/17/julianne-hough-vanessa-hudgens...


Actress Vanessa Hudgens arrives at the fourth annual amfAR Inspiration Gala at Milk Studios on Thursday, Dec. 12, 2013 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Dan ...


Roger Townshend (judge) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Roger_Townshend_(judge)


Sir Roger Townshend KS (died 1500) was an English landowner, judge, and politician. He was the son of Sir John Townshend and Joan Lumford and studied at Lincoln's Inn ...










Search John Haugh - Looking for John Haugh?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for John Haugh? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best People Search




Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Searches related tohaugh john



john haugh iconix


john haugh norfolk va


john haugh obituary



john haugh ohio


john haugh newport beach ca


john haugh luxottica




12345Next

Related Searches



john haugh iconix


john haugh norfolk va


john haugh obituary


john haugh ohio


john haugh newport beach ca


john haugh luxottica




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














haugh john - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found John Haugh | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​John Haugh



1) John Haugh's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Search John Haugh - Looking for John Haugh?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for John Haugh? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Best People Search



Find Out the Truth





Searches related tohaugh john



john haugh iconix


john haugh norfolk va


john haugh obituary



john haugh ohio


john haugh newport beach ca


john haugh luxottica




Web Results

John Haugh - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Haugh


John Haugh (1930–1998) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with local club Toomevara and also with Holycross-Ballycahill. He was a member of the Tipperary ...


John N. Haugh - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/john-haugh-aeropostale/salary/15306


View John N. Haugh, Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Iconix Brand Group, Inc., New York, NY, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at ...


Haugh - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haugh


Haugh may refer to: People. David Haugh, an American sports journalist; John Haugh, an Irish hurler; Kevin Haugh, an Irish barrister and judge who served as the ...


John Haugh | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/haugh.john


John Haugh is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with John Haugh and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and makes the world...


John Haugh | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnhaugh


View John Haugh’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like John Haugh discover inside ...


Haugh John - Last Updated June 11, 2017 - 103 Bluestone Rd ...

https://www.yelp.com/biz/haugh-john-york


Haugh John in York, reviews by real people. Yelp is a fun and easy way to find, recommend and talk about what’s great and not so great in York and beyond.


John Haugh, Iconix Brand Group Inc: Profile & Biography ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/profiles/people/4333019-john-n-haugh


John Haugh is President/CEO at Iconix Brand Group Inc. See John N Haugh's compensation, career history, education, & memberships.


John N. Haugh - Iconix

www.iconixbrand.com/management/john-n-haugh


John N. Haugh was appointed President of Iconix Brand Group, effective February 23, 2016 and became Chief Executive Officer & President of Iconix on April 1, 2016. Mr.


Shannon Haugh and John "Trey" Hayhurst III's ... - The Knot

https://www.theknot.com/us/shannon-haugh-and-john-trey-hayhurst...


Welcome to Shannon Haugh and John "Trey" Hayhurst III's Wedding Website! View photos, directions, registry details and more at The Knot.


Jon Haugh | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Jon-Haugh


View phone, address history, email, public records for the person named Jon Haugh. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.










We Found John Haugh | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​John Haugh



1) John Haugh's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Search John Haugh - Looking for John Haugh?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for John Haugh? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Best People Search



Find Out the Truth




Searches related tohaugh john



john haugh iconix


john haugh norfolk va


john haugh obituary



john haugh ohio


john haugh newport beach ca


john haugh luxottica




12345Next






Answers







John Haugh



John Haugh (1930–1998) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with local club Toomevara and also with Holycross-Ballycahill. He was a member of...

more






Haugh



Haugh may refer People David Haugh, an American sports journalist John Haugh, an Irish hurler Kevin Haugh, an Irish barrister and judge who served as...

more






Haugh House



during the American Civil War and subsequently removed. John Haugh purchased 80 acres of land from his father-in-law in 1844, and began farming it. In...

more










News Results






Brett Haugh, Executive Vice President, Joins...



PR Newswire: English

 - Jul 20


"Brett is a powerful new addition to the Lockton Dunning Benefits Houston team," stated Bruce Sammis, Chief Executive Officer for Lockton Dunning...

more





John Secondo



Automotive News  Feed

 - Jul 16


Growing up in Wilmington, N.C., playing football and working in his parents' restaurant, John Secondo never thought about a career in automotive...

more





John Heard,



CBS - WDBJ 7 - Roanoke VA Front page

 - 18 hrs ago


CBS - John Heard, the actor best known for his roles in "Home Alone" and the 1992 boxing film "Gladiator," has died, the Santa Clara Medical...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








