










 













 







HAV Global Macro Fund, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Valeiras  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









HAV Global Macro Fund, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    7835 Ivanhoe Ave  
    La Jolla, CA, 92037Phone: 8587503673 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-14


New


$12,700,000


$12,700,000


Other


3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-09-05


Amended


$0


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2013-09-06


New


$0


$0


Other


3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Horacio Valeiras 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Hav Global Macro Fund Lp raised funds  on September 5th, 2014































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/279936-hav-global-macro-fund-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=279936  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Hav Global Macro Fund Lp raised funds  on September 5th, 2014.Get alertedif Hav Global Macro Fund Lp gets funded!Amount:UndisclosedCompany:Hav Global Macro Fund LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesCaliforniaLa JollaKey people:Horacio Valeiras (Executive Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - HAV Global Macro Fund, LP (0001586107) (Filer)Description:The date of the funding is September 5th, 2014. Hav Global Macro Fund Lp is a Finance-specialized firm.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Global Macro Fund, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:36 PM ET

Company Overview of Global Macro Fund, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview



Grand Pavilion Commercial CentreGrand Cayman,  KY1-1104Cayman Islands










Key Executives for Global Macro Fund, LP


Global Macro Fund, LP does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1271 SwapCo Ltd. Americas 1423435 Cayman Ltd. Americas 1798 Event Convexity Fund Ltd Americas 1892 Terminal Financing 2015-1 Ltd. Americas 19 Warehouse Spv Ltd Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Global Macro Fund, LP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























HAV Global Macro Fund, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











HAV Global Macro Fund, LP
List of persons related to the company HAV Global Macro Fund, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of HAV Global Macro Fund, LP.

CIK Number: 0001586107IRS Number: 462868909Company address: 7835 IVANHOE AVENUE  LA JOLLA 92037Phone number: 8587503673



People related to HAV Global Macro Fund, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryValeiras  Horacio7835 Ivanhoe Avenue La JollaCAValeiras  Horacio7835 Ivanhoe Ave La JollaCA




HAV Global Macro Fund, LP on the Web
Related companiesHAVASU REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER LLC, Havelet Assignment Co Ltd, HAVELIDE SYSTEMS, INC., Haven at Highland Knolls, LP, HAVEN AT REGENT PARK APARTMENT HOLDINGS, LLC, Haven Chicago, LP, Haven Property Fund III, LLC, Haven Real Estate Focus Fund, LP, Haven Real Estate Focus Fund, LP, Haven, Inc., Havenbrook Loan Acquisition, LLC, Havencrest Healthcare Partners, L.P., HavenLock Inc., Havenly Inc., HAVENS INTERNATIONAL ENHANCED FUND, LTD.












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Global Macro Hedge Fund | Crescat Capital



Global Macro Hedge Fund | Crescat Capital































 





 








Navigation



Home
Team

Investment Team

Kevin C. Smith, CFA
Ben Nachtrieb
Otavio (“Tavi”) Costa
Nils Jenson


Operations and Client Service Team

Linda Carleu Smith, CPA
Kevin Ludolph




Investment Process

Overview
Investment Philosophy
Current Investment Themes
Investor Letters


Strategies
Investor Letters
Awards
Resources

Due Diligence
Glossary of Investment Terms


News
Contact
 Search






  Products & Performance  Global Macro Hedge Fund










Global Macro Hedge Fund



Inflation. Deflation. Bubbles and busts. Our Global Macro Hedge Fund is all about capitalizing on big-picture trends and imbalances while hedging risk. Our global themes are enhanced by expert fundamental analysis and stock picking.
Crescat Global Macro Hedge Fund was featured in Barron’s, along with discussion from Chief Investment Officer Kevin C. Smith.

Download the Performance Report

Net Returns through 5/31/2017
Risk-Adjusted Return Measures Since Inception
Growth of Initial $1,000,000
Peer Group Analysis from eVestment, inception through December, 2015
Returns, Risk-Adjusted Performance Measures, and Growth of $1,000,000, and Peer Group Analysis are presented net of management fees. 5% outliers in Peer Group Analysis have been eliminated. 



Crescat Capital LLC manages hedge funds and separate accounts through its wholly owned subsidiary, Crescat Portfolio Management LLC, an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Registration as an investment adviser does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Crescat Portfolio Management claims compliance with Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS®). Prospective clients can obtain a compliant presentation and the firm’s list of composite descriptions by contacting Crescat by phone at (303) 271-9997, or by visiting our website at https://www.crescat.net/resources/due-diligence/. Returns are presented net of management fees and performance fees. The currency used to express performance is U.S. dollars.
Strategy and Composite Description
The Crescat Global Macro Hedge Fund Composite includes all accounts that are managed according to the firm’s global macro hedge fund strategy over which the manager has full discretion. This hedge fund strategy has a broad and flexible mandate. The strategy strives to grow and protect client capital through an actively-managed, prudently-diversified, multi-asset-class portfolio of liquid global securities. The manager follows a multi-disciplinary, value-based investment process with risk controls. The strategy blends top-down, macroeconomic analysis with bottom-up, fundamental valuation. The investment team’s macroeconomic analysis includes the valuation of currencies, commodities, industries, and markets in order to develop global macroeconomic themes that guide positions and exposures. The largest asset class exposure is large- and mid-cap global equities, long and short, with a long bias. The manager trades and invests in individual equities as well as exchange-traded funds and related options. The manager also takes long and short positions in currencies, commodities and fixed income securities primarily through liquid, exchange-listed futures and options contracts. The manager may take limited positions in over-the-counter derivatives. The strategy employs a moderate amount of leverage within constraints based on the investment team’s assessment of market risks and opportunities. The strategy’s bottom-up approach to equity valuation starts with a proprietary, fundamental, quantitative model that was originally built in 1997 by the firm’s Chief Investment Officer, Kevin C. Smith, CFA. The model applies an innovative and robust discounted-free-cash-flow methodology to produce daily valuations of the top 2,000 largest and most-liquid global equities that trade on a U.S. exchange. The fundamental quant model has been consistently refined and applied to managing this strategy since its inception. The investment team performs additional qualitative analysis to validate buy and sell signals generated by the model and to integrate model-driven ideas with the firm’s macro themes. The goal of the strategy is to generate high risk-adjusted returns as measured by Alpha, Sortino Ratio, Omega Ratio, and Gain-Loss Ratio that are in the top 10% of all global hedge fund managers across diverse investment disciplines.
Benchmarks
The S&P 500 Index is perhaps the most commonly followed stock market index. It is considered representative of the US stock market at large. It is a market-cap-weighted index of the 500 largest and most liquid companies listed on the NYSE and NASDAQ exchanges. While the companies are U.S. based, most of them have broad global operations. Therefore, the index is representative of the broad global economy. It is a suitable benchmark for the Crescat Global Macro Hedge Fund Composite which has also traded extensively in large, highly-liquid global equities through U.S.-listed securities.
The HFRX Global Hedge Fund Index represents a broad universe of hedge funds with the capability to trade a range of asset classes and investment strategies across the global securities markets. The index is weighted based on the distribution of assets in the global hedge fund industry. It is a trade-able index of actual hedge funds. It is a suitable benchmark for Crescat’s Global Macro Hedge Fund Composite which has also traded in multiple asset classes and applied a multi-disciplinary investment process since inception.
Private Securities Offering Legend For Crescat Global Macro Fund LP and Crescat Long/Short Fund LP (Hereafter “Crescat fund or Crescat funds”)
Only accredited investors and qualified clients will be admitted as limited partners to a Crescat fund. For natural persons, investors must meet SEC requirements including minimum annual income or net worth thresholds. Crescat funds are being offered in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and are not required to comply with specific disclosure requirements that apply to registration under the Securities Act. The SEC has not passed upon the merits of or given its approval to the Crescat funds, the terms of the offering, or the accuracy or completeness of any offering materials. A registration statement has not been filed for any Crescat fund with the SEC. Limited partner interests in the Crescat funds are subject to legal restrictions on transfer and resale. Investors should not assume they will be able to resell their securities. Investing in securities involves risk. Investors should be able to bear the loss of their investment. Investments in the Crescat funds are not subject to the protections of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Performance data represents past performance, and past performance does not guarantee future results. Performance data is subject to revision following each monthly reconciliation and annual audit. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data presented. Crescat is not required by law to follow any standard methodology when calculating and representing performance data. The performance of Crescat funds may not be directly comparable to the performance of other private or registered funds. Investors may obtain the most current performance data and private offering memorandum for a Crescat fund by contacting Linda Smith at (303) 271-9997 or by sending a request via email to lsmith@crescat.net. See the private offering memorandum for each Crescat fund for complete information and risk factors.


















Search

Products & PerformanceGlobal Macro Hedge Fund
Long/Short Hedge Fund
Crescat’s Large Cap Composite
 







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 








 

Hav Global Macro Fund Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/125153-hav-global-macro-fund-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=125153  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Hav Global Macro Fund LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Hav Global Macro Fund Lp gets funded!Hav Global Macro Fund LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesCaliforniaLa JollaIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors September 5th, 2014Undisclosed-View DealSeptember 6th, 2013Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Hav Global Macro Fund Lp gets funded?Key peopleHoracio ValeirasExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!