










Vermicrop Organics - Hawthorne Gardening Co.








































The Mission:
Made by a passionate team of growers, Vermicrop Organics crafts organic soil and fertilizer with the state of the art manufacturing equipment and extremely strict quality control. 
Learn more at vermicrop.com
 



























General Hydroponics - Hawthorne Gardening Co.








































The Mission:
Growers worldwide recognize General Hydroponics as the industry leader in innovation. Whether you are an expert grower or a beginner, expect nothing but the best from General Hydroponics.
Learn more at generalhydroponics.com
 



























Hawthorne Gardening Company














































about our company
our brands
our philosophy
join our team








about our company
our brands
our philosophy
join our team









about our company
our brands
our philosophy
join our team









about our company
our brands
our philosophy
join our team



 



 

Cultivating companies with a love for gardening as green as the gardens they grow.


Hawthorne Gardening Co. is a house of brands that provide an incredible array of tools for a multitude of gardening needs and yet all share one mission: to help people live happier, healthier lives through gardening.
Our company is dedicated to creating high-quality products founded in social and environmental responsibility. We create engaging consumer experiences and products with the ease and innovation to empower more people to garden no matter where and how they choose to grow.





our brands





 
Our Pro Brands




















Our Craft Brands



















Sustainable | Urban | Hydroponics 
From organics to hydroponics, we are focused on building a better future: We partner with and build brands committed to making people happy, their homes a bit greener and the world a bit better.
 
Natural/Organic | Seeking to continuously improve our offering of natural, organic and sustainable products means caring as much about what goes in our bodies, as in the earth and in our packaging.
Hydroponics | The highest quality results in any type of climate and the key to overcoming global food and water shortages.
Urban | Groundbreaking solutions for gardening under modern constraints in a new era of urbanization.


Our philosophy 




 
We believe in helping people grow wherever they live.
01GardenGardening and growing will help people to live happier, healthier lives.
02SupportEducate people and support your community: Growing and green spaces are a joy that everyone in the world deserves to share in.
03ChampionBuild brands that will improve our planet through unique innovations and a cradle-to-cradle mindset.

04ListenTrust your customers. They are tireless advocates of a greener way of living that deserves our resources and support.
05InnovateAlternative-growing methods, like hydroponics, are the key to a new era of sustainability, water conservation, food production and land preservation.
06GrowLeave the world greener than you found it. 






















Terms & Conditions | Hawthorne Gardening Co.









Terms and Conditions ("Terms")
Last updated: October 30, 2014
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the http://hawthorne-garden.com website (the "Service") operated by Hawthorne Gardening Co. ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Hawthorne Gardening Co..
Hawthorne Gardening Co. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Hawthorne Gardening Co. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please feel free to contact us at [email protected]




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 













EcoScraps - Hawthorne Gardening Co.








































The Mission:
With a mission to make sustainability mainstream, Ecoscraps recycles fruit and veggie waste into organic garden products. The goal: to grow gardens, not landfills.
Learn more at ecoscraps.com
 





































 



 Hawthorne Hydroponics a subsidiary of Scotts Miracle-Gro has acquired Chandler-based Botanicare LLC 
         










    










 













 











 



















Hawthorne Hydroponics a subsidiary of Scotts Miracle-Gro has acquired Chandler-based Botanicare LLC founded by Treg Bradley
        																																
              

          Passion, vision and resources will help shape the hydroponic industry moving forward
        











 News provided by
Botanicare  
Oct 03, 2016, 11:11 ET









 Share this article




























































CHANDLER, Ariz, Oct. 3, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Established in 1996, Botanicare, an industry-leading manufacturer in several innovative hydroponics categories including; plant nutrients, supplements, soilless grow media, hydroponics systems and grow trays, is pleased to announce that it has been acquired by Hawthorne Hydroponics as of October 1st 2016. 








"I recognize that there is a consolidation happening in the hydroponic industry. As a first wave founder, one must know when to step aside and pass the baton to someone who has the passion, vision and insurmountable resources to take the company to the next level" said Treg Bradley, President, Chairman of the Board and Founder of Botanicare. "After getting to know Chris Hagedorn and his professional team, I feel they are the best fit for us moving forward."
This acquisition will help Botanicare continue its exponential growth and secure its place as an industry leader in the decades to come.
About Botanicare
As plant cultivation experts, Botanicare is dedicated to providing superior products, expert advice and support to help growers produce better crops. What started as an experimental plant nutrient, Pure Blend (now Pure Blend Tea), brewed in the back room of an Arizona retail gardening store has evolved into Botanicare, a market leader in hydroponic products. After 20 years of innovation, foresight and unconventional thought we have seen the industry and our company blossom. We are committed to finding new ways to encourage growers to do what they do best - grow.
About Hawthorne Hydroponics
Hawthorne Gardening Co. is a house of brands that provide an incredible array of tools for a multitude of gardening needs and yet all share one mission: to help people live happier, healthier lives through gardening. Our company is dedicated to creating high-quality products founded in social and environmental responsibility. We create engaging consumer experiences and products with the ease and innovation to empower more people to garden no matter where and how they choose to grow.
Media Contact: Florent Antonetti480-751-5482florent@botanicare.com
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hawthorne-hydroponics-a-subsidiary-of-scotts-miracle-gro-has-acquired-chandler-based-botanicare-llc-founded-by-treg-bradley-300337522.html
SOURCE  Botanicare
 Related Links

http://botanicare.com



 

















Feb 15, 2017, 08:15 ET
Preview: Botanicare introduces new 4x8 pallet rack tray








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 











Feb 15, 2017, 08:15 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Botanicare introduces new 4x8 pallet rack tray






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Agriculture
  Environmental Products & Services
Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers








 You just read:
Hawthorne Hydroponics a subsidiary of Scotts Miracle-Gro has acquired Chandler-based Botanicare LLC founded by Treg Bradley


 News provided by
Botanicare  
Oct 03, 2016, 11:11 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 






The Hawthorne Gardening Company Acquires General Hydroponics and Bio-Organic Solutions 








































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













The Hawthorne Gardening Company Acquires General Hydroponics and Bio-Organic Solutions




















April 02, 2015 15:51 ET

 | Source: Hawthorne Gardening Company





NEW YORK, April 2, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Hawthorne Gardening Company announced today that it has taken a major next step in building a portfolio of brands to serve the needs of indoor and urban gardeners.

	Hawthorne, through its subsidiary Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC, has purchased the business of General Hydroponics, Inc. and Bio-Organic Solutions, Inc. The liquid nutrients and growing media products manufactured by these California based companies are marketed under the General Hydroponics and Vermicrop brands, respectively. Hawthorne also owns leading niche organic gardening brands such as EcoScraps® and Whitney Farms® and is a partner with AeroGrow International, a leading manufacturer of hydroponic gardening equipment for consumers.

	Founded in 2014, The Hawthorne Gardening Company is dedicated to creating high-quality gardening products that empower people to garden no matter where they live or how they choose to grow.

	"The trend of urban and indoor gardening is accelerating by the day and we're excited to quickly be emerging as the company that is meeting the unique needs of these consumers," said Chris Hagedorn, general manager of Hawthorne. "The addition of General Hydroponics and Vermicrop to our family of brands is an important step in our history and speaks to our commitment in this space. Our access to capital and technology will allow us to take these outstanding businesses to an even higher level.

	"As a family-led business, we're excited and proud to welcome the Brooke family and all of the General Hydroponics and Vermicrop associates to our team. We look forward to building upon their legacy of serving specialty retailers and providing them and their consumers the high quality products that have become synonymous with these brands."

	Ross Haley, CEO and co-founder of Vermicrop, will continue to oversee both brands and will remain based in California. All manufacturing operations will remain in place.

	"When we were searching for a partner to take our business to the next level we weren't looking for who could write the biggest check," Haley said. "Our family wanted a partner who shared our values and shared our vision. We found that with Hawthorne and we're excited to start the next chapter in our business."

About The Hawthorne Gardening Company

	Hawthorne Gardening Co. is a house of brands that provide an incredible array of tools for a multitude of gardening needs, and yet, all share one mission: to help people live happier, healthier lives through gardening. Our company is dedicated to creating high-quality products founded in social and environmental responsibility. We create engaging consumer experiences and products with the ease and innovation to empower more people to garden - no matter how or where they chose to grow. For more information, visit www.hawthorne-gardening.com.
Media Contact:
Kimberly Chisholm
Marketing Leader
Hawthorne Gardening Company
(614) 595.8033



Related Articles
other press releases by Hawthorne Gardening Company






158



other news releases in

Mergers and Acquisitions

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Hawthorne Gardening Company





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Port Washington, New York, UNITED STATES
  http://hawthorne-gardening.com/




Contact Data
Media Contact:
Kimberly Chisholm
Marketing Leader
Hawthorne Gardening Company
(614) 595.8033






Tags
CONSUMER
AGRICULTURE
ACQUISITIONS














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



























Hawthorne Hydroponic, LLC $40,000 Jobs, Employment in Oregon City, OR | Indeed.com



Skip to Job Postings, SearchClose






Find JobsCompany ReviewsFind SalariesFind ResumesEmployers / Post Job







Upload your resume


Sign in







:







What
Where





Advanced Job Search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip



















Hawthorne Hydroponic, LLC $40,000 jobs in Oregon City, OR


Filter results by:
Sort by: relevance -
date

You refined by:
$40,000+ (undo)
Salaries estimated if unavailable


Distance:

Exact location only
within 5 miles
within 10 miles
within 15 miles
within 25 miles
within 50 miles
within 100 miles





Job Type




Full-time (570)

Contract (58)

Part-time (49)

Commission (33)

Temporary (12)

Internship (1)






Location




Portland, OR (370)

Vancouver, WA (76)

Beaverton, OR (48)

Hillsboro, OR (28)

Tualatin, OR (14)

Lake Oswego, OR (13)

Gresham, OR (12)

Tigard, OR (12)

Clackamas, OR (11)

Milwaukie, OR (9)

Wilsonville, OR (9)

West Linn, OR (6)

Oregon City, OR (6)

Gladstone, OR (5)

Canby, OR (5)
Hawthorne Hydroponic, LLC $40,000 jobs nationwide

more »




Company




Centerline Drivers, LLC (34)

Nealy Pierce, LLC (32)

Catapult Recruiting LLC (27)

Standard Insurance Company (26)

Massage Envy (20)

CareerStaff Rx (18)

Netpro Medical Search, LLC (15)

TalentCare LLC (14)

Wegman Partners LLC (13)

Staffing Solutions, LLC (12)

Necnic Group, LLC (12)

Vigor, LLC (10)

Jaguar (10)

Key Corporate Services, LLC (10)

McCall & Lee, LLC (9)

more »




Experience Level




Entry Level (291)

Mid Level (257)

Senior Level (50)










Jobs 1 to 10 of 660

 Upload your resume - Let employers find you








Journeyman Plumber



The Task Man LLC

 - Lake Oswego, OR

$30 - $40 an hour


The Task Man is a well-established General Contracting Company based out of Lake Oswego. Our company is growing rapidly and is looking for skilled, motivated,



 Easily apply


Sponsored - save job








Senior Commodity Manager



S.R. Smith, LLC

 - Canby, OR 97013


PRIMARY PURPOSE Responsible for converting production schedules for all plants and production lines into purchasing plans via MRP software, maintaining and



 Easily apply


Sponsored - save job








Interim RN MDS Coordinator




LeaderStat, LLC

 - 

3 reviews
 - Portland, OR


We are seeking a Registered Nurse (RN) MDS Coordinator that is interested in an exciting Interim position. Our client is in need of a Registered Nurse (RN) to



 Easily apply


Sponsored - save job









CPA



Hanson Vaughan, LLC


 - Molalla, OR 97038





Long established public accounting firm looking for a CPA with 5+ years of experience for full time position with near term ownership potential. Duties will


 Easily apply


11 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Hanson Vaughan, LLC jobs in Molalla, OR - Molalla jobsSalary Search: Certified Public Accountant salaries in Molalla, ORRelated forums: Molalla, Oregon - Hanson Vaughan, LLC - Accountant










Junior Consultant



Corios


 - Portland, OR





About Corios LLC. Corios LLC is a drug-free employer. If you're fascinated with predicting consumer behavior, and you enjoy delivering insights from your...


 Easily apply


26 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Corios jobs in Portland, OR - Portland jobsSalary Search: Junior Sales Consultant salaries in Portland, ORRelated forums: Corios - Consultant - Portland, Oregon










Licensed Mental Health Professional (LPC, LMHC, LCSW)



NTcares, LLC


 - Portland, OR



$28 - $35 an hour


NT Cares is an LLC business that provides evidence-based mental health treatment to adults in Portland, OR and Vancouver, WA....


 Easily apply


15 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all NTcares, LLC jobs in Portland, OR - Portland jobsSalary Search: Mental Health Technician salaries in Portland, ORRelated forums: NTcares, LLC - Portland, Oregon










Leasing Agent



Western Mills, LLC.


 - Portland, OR 97210 (Northwest area)



$49,000 - $55,000 a year


Western Mills, LLC is looking for a Leasing Agent / Tenant Liaison for our three properties in NW Portland. The position is a wonderful opportunity to use your...


 Easily apply


11 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Western Mills, LLC. jobs in Portland, OR - Portland jobsSalary Search: Leasing Agent salaries in Portland, ORRelated forums: Leasing Agent - Portland, Oregon










Assistant Director of Operations



iComply, LLC.


 - Portland, OR





iComply has been expanding the borders of their cannabis compliance business to the Oregon market—and are looking for an experienced, driven, self


 Easily apply


22 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all iComply, LLC. jobs in Portland, OR - Portland jobsSalary Search: Director of Operations salaries in Portland, ORLearn more about working at Icomply, Llc.Related forums: iComply, LLC - Portland, Oregon










Sales Associate



Carz Planet LLC


 - Milwaukie, OR 97267





NOW Hiring Sales People $6,000 GUARANTEE\*! Experience Preferred - Now Hiring 5 Sales People -Unlimited Income - 2 Lots to Sell From - - CALL/TEXT SAMMY for


 Easily apply


12 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Carz Planet LLC jobs in Milwaukie, OR - Milwaukie jobsSalary Search: Retail Sales Associate salaries in Milwaukie, ORLearn more about working at Carz Planet LLCRelated forums: Milwaukie, Oregon - Sales Associate - Carz Planet LLC










Framer



MSW REMODELING LLC


 - Portland, OR



$25 an hour


Requirements to apply for Framing position: - Have own vehicle with license - Two plus years recent wood framing experience - Have own nail bags and basic


 Easily apply


20 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all MSW REMODELING LLC jobs in Portland, OR - Portland jobsSalary Search: Framer salaries in Portland, ORRelated forums: MSW REMODELING LLC - Portland, Oregon










Complex Litigation Consultant



Bates Group LLC


 - Lake Oswego, OR 97035





Listed below are the skills and experience our ideal candidate will possess. Bates Group is seeking a full time Complex Litigation Consultant. This job


 Easily apply


4 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Bates Group LLC jobs in Lake Oswego, OR - Lake Oswego jobsSalary Search: Consultant salaries in Lake Oswego, ORLearn more about working at Bates Group LLCRelated forums: Lake Oswego, Oregon - Bates Group LLC










Securities Litigation Consultant



Bates Group LLC


 - Lake Oswego, OR 97035





Listed below are the skills and experiences our ideal candidate will possess. Bates Group is seeking a full time Securities Litigation Consultant. This job


 Easily apply


4 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Bates Group LLC jobs in Lake Oswego, OR - Lake Oswego jobsSalary Search: Security Consultant salaries in Lake Oswego, ORLearn more about working at Bates Group LLCRelated forums: Lake Oswego, Oregon - Bates Group LLC










Wetland Scientist




Environmental Planning Group


 - 

2 reviews
 - Portland, OR





Environmental Planning Group, LLC. EPG is seeking an experienced Wetland Scientist for our Portland office....


 Easily apply


28 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Environmental Planning Group jobs in Portland, OR - Portland jobsSalary Search: Scientist salaries in Portland, ORLearn more about working at Environmental Planning GroupRelated forums: Environmental Planning Group - Portland, Oregon












Physician Full Time



TalentCare LLC

 - West Linn, OR


Why You'll Love this Job Are you passionate about helping the patients who need you most? Would you enjoy the opportunity to operate at the top of your license



Sponsored - 2 days ago   -  save job








CPA



Hanson Vaughan, LLC

 - Molalla, OR 97038


Long established public accounting firm looking for a CPA with 5+ years of experience for full time position with near term ownership potential. Duties will



 Easily apply


Sponsored - save job








            Never miss a job. Get new jobs emailed to you daily.






Be the first to see new Hawthorne Hydroponic, LLC $40,000 jobs in Oregon City, OR














My email: 




Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me



You can cancel email alerts at any time.






Results Page:  1  2  3  4  5   Next »


Related Forums:
Leasing Agent
 - Accountant
 - Consultant

- more »

Sales Associate




Salaries in Oregon City, OR:

Leasing Agent salary
 - Accountant salary
 - Consultant salary

- more »

Sales Associate salary


 




Be the first to see new Hawthorne Hydroponic, LLC $40,000 jobs in Oregon City, OR














My email: 


Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me





You can cancel email alerts at any time.














Indeed helps people get jobs: Over 10 million stories sharedJobs - Browse Companies - Salaries - 









Job Category Trends - Forums - 
Browse Jobs - Tools - Work at Indeed - API - About - Help Center


©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











General Hydroponics Acquired By Hawthorne Hydroponics | Mergr





































        Acquired by 
                                                    Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC (Company)
                    
        on 
            2015-04-02        




General Hydroponics, Inc.

                                                        P.O. Box 1576, 
                    
                    Sebastopol,  
                    California 95473 
                    United States, 
                                            (707) 824-9376 
www.generalhydroponics.com 







 


 
 
 







        Profile
    



        Investors (1)




        Analytics
    
 
 
 
 





General Hydroponics, Inc. is a provider of liquid nutrients and gardening products.
 






 
 




Company Summary

SECTOR
Machinery
 

Investor History





2015-04-02
Add-on Acquisition



                                                Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC                                              








 
 
 

 




General Hydroponics was acquired by Hawthorne Hydroponics on April 02, 2015.
                

Join Mergr to view all 195 acquisitions of machinery companies in 2015, including 32 acquisitions by private equity firms, and 163 by strategics.Out of 60 sectors in the Mergr database, machinery ranked 15 in number of deals in 2015. The largest machinery acquisition in 2015 was Polypore International - Separations Media Business - which was acquired by 3M for $1.0B.

Join Mergr to view this profile - and discover more machinery acquisitions of companies like General Hydroponics.
            

What's Mergr?







 Mergr, the Easiest-to-Use PE and M&A DB



Key Benefits

Stay informed on events in your industry
M&A research that takes seconds (not all afternoon)
Better understand your customers and prospects
Discover active buyers (or sellers)



Search

3.1K Private Equity Firms
109K M&A Transactions
119K Companies Involved in M&A 
                            (Buyer, Seller, or Target)
2.6K M&A Advisors
                            (Investment Banks and Law Firms)
38K M&A Contacts 
                            (PE and M&A Advisors)




Ready to try?

Try Mergr for Free


                    Just $150/month
Month to month. Cancel anytime.




 
 










Product


Pricing 
Browse 
Docs 




Company

About 
Contact 
Blog 




Legal

Terms
Privacy


































Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:19 PM ET
Household Durables

Company Overview of Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC, through its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells gardening equipment. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Marysville, Ohio. Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC operates as a subsidiary of The Hawthorne Gardening Company.


14111 Scottslawn RoadMarysville, OH 43040-7800United StatesFounded in 2014










Key Executives for Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC


Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'boutKIDS, Inc. United States 2000 Concrete, LLC United States 2849 Coconut, LLC United States 3 Day Blinds LLC United States 3-D ImageTek Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      August 3, 2016
			    
American Agritech, LLC





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























