                  Ripoff Report | Tropicana Manufacturing Bradenton - Tropicana Products - PepsiCo - QTG - Pete Hayes - Peter B. Hayes Complaint Review Bradenton, Florida                    Ripoff Report | Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported. File your review. Consumers educating consumers.™     By consumers, for consumers...    Don't let them get away with it!® Let the truth be known!™   
            FILE A REPORT
               Review Latest Reports Advanced Search Browse Categories        Total Visits since 1998: 8,823,000,000+ Estimated money Consumers saved since 1998: $15,449,000,000+ Reports filed: 1,995,000+            Update a Report   Programs & Services    VIP Arbitration Corporate Advocacy Program – Verified Status Guardian+ Program – Verified Status Verified Status Explained      Help & FAQs    FAQs – General Questions Legal Issues Contact Us      Consumer Resources   Verified Business Directory   Legal Directory   Consumers Say Thank You   In the Media   Ripoff Report Investigates     Repair your reputation the right way Corporate Advocacy Program     Reputation Management Corporate Advocacy Program This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. All business will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses. Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements.  Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program. A program that benefits the consumer, assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business.   Get Started       Register or  Login
                Your  Account
                         
        Home > Reports > Outrageous Popular Rip Off > Employers > Tropicana Manufacturing Bradenton   Tropicana Products   Pepsico   Qtg   Pete Hayes   Peter B Hayes > Tropicana Manufacturing Bradenton   Tropicana Products   Pepsico   Qtg   Pete Hayes   Peter B Hayes Tropicana Bradenton Management Engages In Blatant Discrimination And Retaliation Against Disabled Ripoff Bradenton Florida       
        Ripoff Report protects consumers first amendment right to free speech              Report: #268160     Report - Rebuttal - Arbitrate  Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
						No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
					    Complaint Review: Tropicana Manufacturing Bradenton - Tropicana Products - PepsiCo - QTG - Pete Hayes - Peter B. Hayes      Related Reports     EDitorial Comments  Political Signs Must Go!    EDitorial Comment ED Magedson – Founder
        Ripoff Report
        Ripoff Report Investigates!  FACE CREAMRipoff! Likely in a Mall near you...       WARNING! 
        HAVE YOU BEEN A VICTIM OF"FACE CREAM FRAUD"? 
        Consumers Reported Ripoffs byMall predators
         
            Kiosk hucksters offeringfree skin cream trials...Only thing... it's NOT free!  
                WHAT IS YOUR STORY?
                ARE YOU A VICTIM?
                FORMER EMPLOYEE?   
                WE WANT TO HEAR IT!
             
                Contact Our Team Now:
             investigate@ripoffreport.com       Featured Ripoff Reports      View More RecentFeatured Reports   View past featured reports   Ripoff Report in the Media     
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19
				    
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19 - Global Marketing Alliance
				    
					Ripoff Report on ABC 15 - Smart Shopper
				    
					Ripoff Report - Girls Gone Wild
				    
					Ripoff Report on Fox 11 - Car Repair
				    See more videos   
        What the BBB has done to consumers for over 100 years is one of the many reasons why Ripoff Report was created.
        BBB: What consumers need to know
     
    20/20 exposes the real BBB
      Submitted:  Fri, August 17, 2007   Updated:  Mon, May 19, 2008    Reported By:
									     —
	                                    Bradenton Florida          Tropicana Manufacturing Bradenton - Tropicana Products - PepsiCo - QTG - Pete Hayes - Peter B. Hayes  1001 13th Ave E 
				    							Bradenton, Florida								      		 U.S.A.     Phone: 941-747-4461 Web:   Category: Employers            Tropicana Manufacturing Bradenton - Tropicana Products - PepsiCo - QTG - Pete Hayes - Peter B. Hayes Tropicana Bradenton management engages in blatant discrimination and retaliation against disabled ripoff Bradenton Florida *Author of original report: Arbitration date set Teamster's Union Local 173 representing me *Author of original report: Corrections to the original report. *Author of original report: More validation for Javier Feliciano as requested in an email to me 9/14/07. *Author of original report: Correction of initial statement to Tropicana HR last Friday *Author of original report: The letter to Pete Hayes, HR - Tropicana Bradenton *Author of original report: Update and clarification of prior information   Print this Report   Email this Report         Tweet     REBUTTAL BOX™ | Respond to this Report!     Add Rebuttal to this Report What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Arbitrate & Set Record Straight     File New Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.        0Author 6Consumer 0Employee/Owner       ← Is this Ripoff Report
    								About you?  Ripoff Report
    								A business' first
    								line of defense on the Internet.  
    								If your business is
    								willing to make a
    								commitment to
    								customer satisfaction Click here now..   
    								Does your business have a bad reputation?
    								Fix it the right way. Corporate Advocacy Program™   SEO Reputation Management at its best!    
										I was hired at Tropicana Products aka: Tropicana Manufacturing in Bradenton, FL. on 3-14-06. I am a 30% rated disabled Veteran, and gave full disclosure at time of hire. They even made me get a medical second opinion at my own expense prior to hire. I did this, and was hired. Keep in mind, that as far as the job itself and the pay and benefits go, this is an excellent job, and I like it. I am not some disgruntled whiner. 
The hours are long and you can work 7 days a week for several weeks without a day off and those shifts can be, and often are 12-16 hours per day with only 8 hours between punch out and punch in, which allows for a maximum of 4 hours sleep. I was working in the Fruit Recieving dept up until 5-31-06 when the long hours and short recovery time were starting to aggravate my overall health and my disability.  
After working 15 hours on 4 hours sleep, getting off at 7AM, I went into the plant medical office to inquire about what accomodations were available to me as a disabled person. All I wanted was some sort of work hour restriction that would give me 12 hours between shifts instead of 8, as with my injuries/disability it took me almost an hour just to be able to get around after getting up. 
Well, this was a short discussion, as the nurse (Elizabeth Harris) went straight to the HR office which is connected by a hallway and with her came Tulsa Everett, the senior HR rep at that time. Without any discussion or evaluation, Tulsa "removed" me from the job without any documentation which I requested, and was denied. Not only did she take me off the job, she deactivated my access badge and timecard, as would be done when terminating an employee, but I was not terminated. I was simply off the job, without status or communication. 
I filed a grievance with the union (Teamsters Local 173) and after being out of work 11 weeks, was paid my full back pay, but still not put back to work. I was told I had to get another medical evaluation at my own expense and get a release that stated "without restrictions" before I could come back to work. Well, being permanently disabled this would be impossible.  
After 2 more months of fighting, I got back to work in another department. The original complaint was at this time allegedly resolved. 
In the mean time, The 2 HR reps involved are removed from HR. 1 was fired (Eric Rivera) and 1 is reassigned (Tulsa Everett). Therefore Tropicana knows there is a problem here and risk of a lawsuit for the blatant ADA violations. Tropicana is owned by PepsiCo and is part of the QTG division. (Quaker-Tropicana-Gatorade). 
However, 3 months later, they are right back to the 12-16 hour shifts with 8 hours in between, and once again, my condition is aggravated. This time I need medical treatment to resolve the pain and loss of mobility, however, I can and do keep performing my job, just in great pain. I make a medical appointment and a course of action being lumbar traction therapy is prescribed.  
Tropicana denies my right to medical care and calls it an un-excused absence! They deny me the opportunity to get treatment that takes only 1 hour, twice per week even though I scheduled it outside normal duty hours so only forced overtime would be affected. 
So, I file a formal written request with the HR Dept (Jenny Williams, HR Director) which is quickly denied without any real evaluation, and they attack my character, etc. Then Jenny Williams "removes me" from the job! AGAIN! Without status or documentation once more. This time I am out of work for another 15 weeks. I am now out almost $5,000 in lost pay which has been denied 3 times through the Union grievance procedure, even with a rock solid case and abundant documentation of all events, and the prior violation. 
Pete Hayes, HR Manager fabricates testimony and documents to get me off the job and keep me off the job. I get paid for a few weeks and get put back to work, but 9 weeks lost time and all of my expenses, etc. remain unpaid. 
I have a USDOL/ OFCCP complaint filed for the blatant ADA violations which is being handled by Carlos Gamazo of the USDOL OFCCP. Which is the office of contract compliance, as both Tropicana and pepsico are federal contractors and must meet higher standards and have a 100% compliance rate with ADA, and other programs for Disabled persons and Veterans. 
That is where it is at now. Possible Federal and State sanctions, as well as me having to sue them at my own expense for the violations. 
Please give me your thoughts and experiences if you have worked for these companies or know someone that has. If you are an experienced lawyer in FL and are on the federal bar, please contact me if you are interested in a contingency fee based case. I can cover some costs, provided I am still working. 
Steve
Bradenton, FloridaU.S.A.									    This report was posted on Ripoff Report on 08/17/2007 02:58 AM and is a permanent record located here:
									http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/tropicana-manufacturing-bradenton-tropicana-products-pepsico-qtg-pete-hayes-peter-b-hayes/bradenton-florida-34208/tropicana-manufacturing-bradenton-tropicana-products-pepsico-qtg-pete-hayes-pete-268160.
									The posting time indicated is Arizona local time. Arizona does not observe daylight savings so the post time may be Mountain or Pacific depending on the time of year. Ripoff Report has an exclusive license to this report. It may not be copied without the written permission of Ripoff Report. READ: Foreign websites steal our content   
										Click Here to read other Ripoff Reports on Tropicana Manufacturing Bradenton - Tropicana Products - PepsiCo - QTG - Pete Hayes - Peter B. Hayes									    Search for additional reports If you would like to see more Rip-off Reports on this company/individual, search here:  Search Search Tips  In order to assure the best results in your search:  Keep the name short & simple, and try different variations of the name. Do not include ".com", "S", "Inc.", "Corp", or "LLC" at the end of the Company name. Use only the first/main part of a name to get best results. Only search one name at a time if Company has many AKA's.      
									Report & Rebuttal
								  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
										No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
									     
										REBUTTALS & REPLIES:

										 0Author 6Consumer 0Employee/Owner    Updates & Rebuttals     #1 Author of original report  Arbitration date set Teamster's Union Local 173 representing me AUTHOR: Steve -  (U.S.A.) SUBMITTED: Monday, May 19, 2008 POSTED: Monday, May 19, 2008  
														We have 2 days in Mid August set for Arbitration on my case regarding the wrongful suspension and termination [Sept 2007] that was in apparent retaliation for my OSHA complaints for unsafe working and health conditions at the Tropicana Bradenton Plant owned by PepsiCo. 
The Union, Teamsters Local 173 is representing me. 
Also still open is the USDOL / OFCCP complaint for the retaliation and wrongful removal from the job for 15 weeks in response to my written request for reasonable accomodation under the ADA. 
My EEOC complaint is still open on the retaliation and subsequent termination for my OSHA reports. 
I will keep you all updated ONLY on the status of my case, as I cannot post any new information regarding Tropicana or its management or partner companies under direction of my union attorney and USDOL /OFCCP investigator.													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #2 Author of original report  Corrections to the original report. AUTHOR: Steve -  (U.S.A.) SUBMITTED: Monday, September 17, 2007 POSTED: Monday, September 17, 2007  
														I was hired at Tropicana Products aka: Tropicana Manufacturing in Bradenton, FL. on 3-14-06. I am a 30% rated disabled Veteran, and gave full disclosure at time of hire. They even made me get a medical second opinion at my own expense prior to hire. I did this, and was hired. Keep in mind, that as far as the job itself and the pay and benefits go, this is an excellent job, and I like it. I am not some disgruntled whiner. 
The hours are long and you can work 7 days a week for several weeks without a day off and those shifts can be, and often are 12-16 hours per day with only 8 hours between punch out and punch in, which allows for a maximum of 4 hours sleep. I was working in the Fruit Recieving dept up until 5-31-06 when the long hours and short recovery time were starting to aggravate my overall health and my disability.  
After working 15 hours on 4 hours sleep, getting off at 7AM, I went into the plant medical office to inquire about what accomodations were available to me as a disabled person. All I wanted was some sort of work hour restriction that would give me 12 hours between shifts instead of 8, as with my injuries/disability it took me almost an hour just to be able to get around after getting up. 
Well, this was a short discussion, as the nurse (Elizabeth Harris) went straight to the HR office which is connected by a hallway and with her came Tulsa Everett, the senior HR rep at that time. Without any discussion or evaluation, Tulsa 'removed' me from the job without any documentation which I requested, and was denied. Not only did she take me off the job, she deactivated my access badge and timecard, as would be done when terminating an employee, but I was not terminated. I was simply off the job, without status or communication. 
>I filed a grievance with the union (Teamsters Local 173) and after being out of work 11 weeks, was paid my full back pay, but still not put back to work. I was told I had to get another medical evaluation at my own expense and get a release that stated 'without restrictions' before I could come back to work. Well, being permanently disabled this would be impossible.  
The above paragraph should read:
* I filed a grievance with the union (Teamsters Local 173) and after being out of work APPROX 11 weeks, was paid my full back pay BASED ON AVERAGE HOURS LOST, but still not put back to work. I was told I had to get another medical evaluation at my own expense and get a release that stated 'without restrictions' before I could come back to work. I SAID: Well, being permanently disabled this would be impossible. * 
After 2 more months of fighting, I got back to work in another department. The original complaint was at this time allegedly resolved. THE ADA VIOLATION ITSELF WAS NEVER ADDRESSED OR CORRECTED. IT REMAINS UNRESOLVED TO THIS DAY. AND, TROPICANA MANAGEMENT CONTINUES WITH THE SAME BEHAVIOR. 
>In the mean time, The 2 HR reps involved are removed from HR. 1 was fired (Eric Rivera) and 1 is reassigned (Tulsa Everett). Therefore Tropicana knows there is a problem here and risk of a lawsuit for the blatant ADA violations. Tropicana is owned by PepsiCo and is part of the QTG division. (Quaker-Tropicana-Gatorade). 
The paragraph above should read:
*In the mean time, The 2 HR reps involved are "removed" from HR. 1 was fired (Eric Rivera) and 1 is reassigned (Tulsa Everett). Therefore I BELIEVE Tropicana knows there is a problem IN THEIR HR DEPT and AN APPARANT risk of a lawsuit for the blatant violations THEY ROUNTINELY ENGAGE IN. Tropicana is owned by PepsiCo and is part of the QTG division. (Quaker-Tropicana-Gatorade).* 
*However, APPROXIMATELY 3 months later, they are right back to the 12-16 hour shifts with 8 hours in between PUNCH OUT AND PUNCH IN, and once again, my condition is aggravated. This time I need medical treatment to resolve the pain and loss of mobility, however, I can and do keep performing my job, just in great pain. I make a medical appointment and a course of action being lumbar traction therapy is prescribed BY DR. CHRIS FLAIM of MANATEE WELLNESS CENTER. * 
Tropicana denies my right to medical care and calls it an un-excused absence! They deny me the opportunity to get treatment that takes only 1 hour, twice per week even though I scheduled it outside normal duty hours so ONLY forced overtime would POSSIBLY be affected. 
So, I file a formal written request FOR REASONABLE ACCOMODATION UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF THE ADA with the HR Dept (Jenny Williams, HR Director) which is quickly denied without any real evaluation, and they attack my character, etc. Then Jenny Williams 'removes me' from the job! AGAIN! Without status or documentation once more. This time I am out of work for another 15 weeks. I am now out almost $5,000 in lost pay which has been denied 3 times through the Union grievance procedure, even with a rock solid case and abundant documentation of all events, and the prior violation. 
>Pete Hayes, HR Manager fabricates testimony and documents to get me off the job and keep me off the job. I get paid for a few weeks and get put back to work, but 9 weeks lost time and all of my expenses, etc. remain unpaid. 
The paragraph above should read:
*Pete Hayes, HR Manager fabricates A DOCUMENT TO MY DOCTOR, BEING A FALSIFIED AND GREATLY EXAGGERATED JOB DESCRIPTION to get me off the job and keep me off the job. THIS FABRICATED LETTER WAS OBVIOUSLY ENGINEERED TO GET A SPECIFIC RESPONSE, AND HE GOT WHAT HE WANTED. I get paid for a few DAYS IN THAT FIRST WEEK, AND THEY PAY ME FULL PAY TO STAY HOME FOR THE LAST 4 WEEKS, and THEN get put back to work, but APPROXIMATELY 9 weeks lost time and all of my expenses, etc. remain unpaid.* 
I have a USDOL/ OFCCP complaint filed for the blatant ADA violations which is being handled by Carlos Gamazo of the USDOL OFCCP. Which is the office of contract compliance, as both Tropicana and Pepsico are federal contractors and must meet higher standards and have a 100% compliance rate with ADA, and other programs for Disabled persons and Veterans. 
That is where it is at now. Possible Federal and State sanctions, as well as me having to sue them at my own expense for the violations.  
Please give me your thoughts and experiences if you have worked for these companies or know someone that has. If you are an experienced lawyer in FL and are on the federal bar, please contact me if you are interested in a contingency fee based case. I can cover some costs, provided I am still working. 
Steve
Bradenton, Florida
U.S.A. 
>>> 
**Legal Disclaimer. All of the statements made here are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, and nothing here is meant to be of a defamatory nature towards anyone. I simply want my money due me, and the underlying problems fixed so others do not have to go through what I have gone through.**													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #3 Author of original report  More validation for Javier Feliciano as requested in an email to me 9/14/07. AUTHOR: Steve -  (U.S.A.) SUBMITTED: Saturday, September 15, 2007 POSTED: Saturday, September 15, 2007  
														I already corrected the scumbag comment issue. Bob corrected me and I already posted the correction. Sorry, Pete, I was wrong on that issue. You called me a dirtbag, not a scumbag. My mistake. Please accept my apology. 
As far as the email goes re the $250,000 go away money, etc presented at the JAC. Bob told me that this was misrepresented by Pete and more weight was put on that part of the email to poison the board, and it worked. 
Yes, the entire email was presented in the case, but that was the point that was emphasized as per Bob's conversation with me immediately after the decision on my case was made. This is my Union Representative, so I trust what he tells me.  
As far as the illegal/unethical activity on the part of Tropicana HR on my case, that is ALL documented and through the 2 different cases, you should already have all of that documentation in my file, as it was all provided by me and presented in my case last year, as well as this year. And, Carlos had every piece of paper on this case as well, which was presented. 
Here is a summary of what I have documents on: 
1. I go into the plant medical office on 5/31/06 to simply ask about workhour accomodation for my known disability. Tulsa immediately pulls me off the job without cause or documentation or status. 
2. I ask for written job status. Tulsa says "we don't do that". 
3. Immediate notification of adverse action was not made to my Union by the company. This is a blatant contract violation. 
4. Tulsa de-activates my card and blocks my access to the plant, all without any documentation on my job status. She disables swipe entry, and posts Wackenhut guards at each gate. I was turned away as per Tulsa Everett's order to Wackenhut, and I have a signed letter by the Wackenhut officer. 
Eric attempts to keep me off the job along with Tulsa Everett, but ignoring and willfully ignoring my calls to the job hotline for work during seasonal layoff and at the "resolution" of my first case. I have the chain of emails to back this up. I also presented phone records to back up my claim that I called numerous times. I can once again contact my cell phone providers to get these. As I recall, there were like 70 calls to the job hotline by me and I never got a job from it. However, I do know that 10 temps were hired in for positions I requested. Eric  got the OK from Wendell and his reason was that he had no volunteers! 
On/ about 4/4/2007 I make a written request for "reasonable accomodation" under the ADA and once again, am removed from the job without cause, this time by Jenny. I have ample documentation of this entire chain of events. 
Therefore, my claim of discrimination against disabled persons by tropicana HR/Management is validated. Especially as you [Tropicana HR] settled my first case and paid full back pay. 
Then, this year, Jenny paid me "grievance pay" for the remainder first week when she pulled me off the job, which indicates admission of wrongdoing, as well as the last 4 weeks I was paid FULL pay to stay home! I am missing the approx 9 weeks in the middle. So if you paid at the start and at the end, why was I not paid for the time in the middle? 
Jenny forcibly removed me from the job based on a falsified letter with greatly exaggerated job standards to my doctor. I have this letter with Pete's signature on it as well as the job description he sent, and the official job description provided to my initial doctor by the medical office. They are VERY different! And, I have done the job, and can testify that the requirements Pete stated are not what the job involves. 
That letter was obviously written with one purpose in mind. To pull me off the job. 
I have all of the written documentation that lead up to this as well where my requests for exused time for medical care were  denied, even though I only needed 1 hour, twice per week, and the appt's were already scheduled outside my normal duty hours. 
Tropicana HR blatantly refused to comply my doctor's request. 
Tropicana HR refused to provide ANY "reasonable accomodation" under the ADA as requested. 
These are documented facts. 
Tropicana's way of dealing with anything is to get rid of the employee. That is common knowledge too.													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #4 Author of original report  Correction of initial statement to Tropicana HR last Friday AUTHOR: Steve -  (U.S.A.) SUBMITTED: Tuesday, September 11, 2007 POSTED: Tuesday, September 11, 2007  
														Javier, 
I was just informed by Bob Tuttle that I was wrong regarding the derogatory statement made by Pete hayes about me. 
I said in my statement to you last Friday that Bob Tuttle told me that Pete Hayes called me a scumbag during last year's GRC on my initial case. 
Bob Tuttle corrected me yesterday at the union meeting and said that Pete Hayes called me a dirtbag, not a scumbag. 
That is real professional of your HR Manager to use that kind of language towards an employee during an official company meeting with a union representative. 
This conduct was on company time and on company premises, which violates many PepsiCo's policies and standards. 
Keep in mind that my statement was not made on company time and was not made on company property either. Nor was it made as a reperesentative of the company. 
Actually you have no say over that statement I made at all. It is irrelevent and no company policy was violated, nor was any contract item violated by my statement, but Pete was in violation for sure. 
The ONLY recourse on that statement is for Pete to file a civil suit on me I welcome him to do just that. 
Thank you.													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #5 Author of original report  The letter to Pete Hayes, HR - Tropicana Bradenton AUTHOR: Steve -  (U.S.A.) SUBMITTED: Thursday, September 06, 2007 POSTED: Thursday, September 06, 2007  
														Titled: "Regarding the "Blogs" you enquired about. 
Pete, 
I understand you contacted Bob Tuttle yesterday about some alleged blogs on the internet. 
I will be glad to give you the URL's to each, or print them out and fax them to you if you prefer. I am not hiding anything here, and I am only stating the documented facts. 
Nothing illegal here, and nothing in violation of company policy. I'm just excercising my constitutionally protected rights of freedom of speech. 
Are you going to now attempt to violate my constitutional rights, as well as my rights under the ADA, etc? 
The facts are clear that you and other members of management violated my rights, AND engaged in retaliation against me when I stood up for my rights. 
You, alone, had several opportunities to make this right and you CHOSE not to do so. 
So, now, YOU have left me no other choice in dealing with this. I am taking it to the next level. The WORLD. 
I bey you will really enjoy my new website dedicated to you alone and also my new video dedicated to the entire management team at tropicana. The tentative title is "Incompetence gone wild". 
That is because everything that happened to me was either due to total arrogance or total incompetence on the part of all involved. 
And, there is nothing illegal, or against company policy regarding telling it like it is. 
And I WILL be telling the world, as per YOUR choice. 
This is ON YOU, not me. 
Thanks, 
Steve													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #6 Author of original report  Update and clarification of prior information AUTHOR: Steve -  (U.S.A.) SUBMITTED: Thursday, September 06, 2007 POSTED: Thursday, September 06, 2007  
														First, I found out yesterday by my Union Rep. Bob Tuttle of Teamsters Local 173 that Pete Hayes called him in regards to this post and others like it on the internet! He got the info from someone at PepsiCo whose sole job appears to be looking online for stuff like this! 
Pete Hayes informed Bob Tuttle that "we have our lawyers looking into those blogs", etc.. I guess this was supposed to be some form of intimidation. 
I guess he'll be real impressed when my website and my video get released! I will have a website dedicated just to this issue of discrimination and retaliation against disabled persons and veterans, AND the title for my video will be "Incompetence Gone Wild" and Pete Hayes will be the star. 
Second, I want to clarify that the "written request" I made to the company [Jenny Williams] was worded as "REQUEST FOR REASONABLE ACCOMODATION" under the provisions of the ADA. 
A company with over 1000 employees working 3 shifts 24/7 could not accomodate a legally disabled veteran needing only 1 hour twice per week for essential medical care. 
However, they accomodate others by putting them on light duty for weeks at a time, where someone else has to do their job, and they give people off on Sunday to go to church when requested, etc. 
If you are a disabled person, you should steer clear of this group of companies. They WILL NOT accomodate you. 
Now, that I have stood up for my rights, I am the bad guy. I am the boatrocker and troublemaker. Pete Hayes has used derogatory terms to describe me to others, as some of them have informed me. 
I'm a bad guy because I stood up for my legal rights. Actually my human rights. But management at tropicana is just that, in-human. 
However, they themselves fail to show up for days at a time, and/or come in late, leave early, take 2 hour lunches, etc. Therefore, they get their medical care when needed.													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?      
											Report & Rebuttal
										  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
												No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
											                                                                     Ripoff Report RecommendsZipBooks Accounting Software
        and ZipBooks for Invoice Templates     
      Advertisers above have met our
       strict standards for business conduct.
                                     Home File a Report Consumer Resources Search Top Trends Link to Ripoff Report Customer Support for Technical Issues General Questions and Suggestions   Privacy Policy Terms of Service FAQ About Us Why Ripoff Report will not release author information! Go to Mobile Version of Ripoff Report   Thank You Emails! Corporate Advocacy Program: How to repair your business reputation. Ed Magedson - Ripoff Report Founder   Want to sue Ripoff Report? Donate to our Efforts BadBusinessBureau.com Media Requests Contact Us   
          Copyright © 1998-2017, Ripoff Report. All rights reserved.
               X                



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











PETER HAYES - WESTWOOD, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



WESTWOOD



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            PETER HAYES
                                    



 





















P 


PETER HAYES
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



229 WOODLAND RD WESTWOOD, MA 02090
Get Directions



(781) 329-4431





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $51,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Peter Hayes has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Westwood. Peter Hayes has estimated annual revenues of $51,000.00 and also employs an estimated 1 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Peter Hayes' profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Peter Hayes#98050@peterkhayesSoftware Engineer, ClassDojopeterkhayes.com3Following8FollowersFollow1 UpvoteHackreactorThe CS degree for the 21st century w/ $105k avg grad salaryTech save 67 1Share this profile








JG Autographs - Browse Categories - Actresses











































Log In / Sign Up








My Shopping Bag

			0
		

Your Passion Is Our Promise… Authentic Autographs, Fine Art & Antiquities



















Log In / Sign Up





						0 items
					





























Home
Arts & EntertainmentFilm & TVActresses



Menu 


Arts & Ent
New Arrivals



Signed



Unsigned



Reset Filter



By Product


Books & Magazines
Music Media
Other Collectibles
Paper Ephemera
Photographs
Showpiece Displays
Sports Memorabilia









By Category:
History
Arts & Entertainment
Sports


Arts & Ent
New Arrivals



Signed



Unsigned



Reset Filter



By Product:
Books & Magazines
Music Media
Other Collectibles
Paper Ephemera
Photographs
Showpiece Displays
Sports Memorabilia












Actresses






					Sort By:
					
High to Low


Low to High


Newest First


Pagination View









Jane Powell (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Jane Powell (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Kathleen Turner (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Kathleen Turner (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Lee Remick (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Lee Remick (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Juliette Binoche (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$35.00$28




					Juliette Binoche (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$20.00$16




					Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$20.00$16




					Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$20.00$16




					Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Bette Davis (Peter Warrack)
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Bette Davis (Peter Warrack)
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Meg Ryan (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Meg Ryan (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive


































        This page copyright ©1997 - 2017, JG Autographs, Inc. All rights reserved      
        Designed by JG Autographs, Inc.
    




HPB | Search for Hayes, Peter

HPBYour favorite local bookstore.Everywhere.ClickSign up / Log inHelp0Your cartLooks like there are no items in here.  Start shopping now and add treasures to your cart. If you have items saved in your cart, sign in to your account to pick up where you left off. Sign in to your accountBrowse Best SellersBooks Popular subjectsYoung Adult FictionChildren's FictionReligionHistoryBiography & AutobiographySee All CategoriesCustomer favoritesBestsellersNew ReleasesBox SetsStaff PicksHPB BlogSuperbuysUnder $10Under $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Must HaveThe Hottest Book This WeekShop BestsellersMovies & TV Popular subjectsFamilyWesternsTelevision: HBOAction/AdventureTelevision: SeriesDramaTelevision: BBCComedyChildren's VideoCustomer favoritesBest selling moviesNew releasesBlu RayBooks turned into moviesKids and familyAnimeBoxed SetsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Good for a LaughThe Top Comedy of the WeekShop ComediesMusic Popular subjectsSoul/R&BPopular MusicFictionJuvenile Grades 4-6 Ages 9-11Country & WesternJazz MusicAudio Books on Tape-CDRomance/ModernDiet & NutritionCustomer favoritesBest selling musicNew releasesBest selling vinylKids and familyMovie soundtracksBoxed setsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Teen under $5Kids under $5New TunesThe Top Album of the WeekShop New MusicTextbooks Popular subjectsInternational EditionsSell Us Your TextbooksHomeschoolStudy GuidesCliffs NotesCareerRare Finds BooksSigned BooksFirst EditionsBoxed SetsBrowse Rare FindsMoviesCollectors EditionsBoxed SetsVinylPre 19501950-19541955-19591960-19641965-19691970-NowSuperbuysRare under $10Rare under $5New treasures on our shelvesStart collecting todayShop Rare FindsGift Cards Our StorySign up for our mailing list  and  save! JOIN THE LISTClickFIND A STOREYour search for "Hayes, Peter" returned 248 results.Price Less than $2 (78) $2 to $5 (30) $5 to $15 (50) Over $15 (42)Format DVD (70) Paperback (68) Hardcover (42) Compact Disc (39) Blu-Ray (27) Unspecified (1) Vinyl Record (1)Condition New (73) Used (135) Fine/Like New (F) (3) Very Good (VG) (8) Good (G) (134) Fair (FR) (0) Poor (P) (0)Publisher cambridge univ pr (15) churchill livingstone (8) northwestern univ pr (7) taylor & francis (6)See all oxford univ pr (4) princeton univ pr (3) bibliolife (2) boydell & brewer inc (2) createspace independent pub (2) greenwood pub group (2) hayes school pub company (2) john wiley & sons inc (2) johns hopkins univ pr (2) new york univ pr (2) routledge (2) sheed & ward (2) utah state univ pr (2) warner home video (2) west group (2) amer society of civil engineers (1) avebury (1) bear family records (germany) (1) council for british res (1) createspace (1) delta (1) edward elgar pub (1) fedogan & bremer (1) festival records (australia) (1) gardners books (1) grand central pub (1) harpercollins christian pub (1) hodder arnold (1) independent pub group (1) indiana univ pr (1) intl specialized book services (1) ivan r dee (1) mathematical assn of amer (1) melbourne univ pr (1) minotaur books (1) mit pr (1) mother tongue pub (1) natl geographic society (1) newmarket pr (1) orbis books (1) penguin group usa (1) permanent pr pub co (1) random house australia (1) random house value pub (1) rhythm & blues (1) running pr book pub (1) simon & schuster (1) south end pr (1) st martins pr (1) traditions alive co llc (1) ugly duckling pr (1) univ of arkansas pr (1) univ of california pr (1) univ of hawaii pr (1) univ of iowa pr (1) univ of nebraska pr (1) univ of new mexico pr (1) univ of wisconsin pr (1) vantage pr (1) w b saunders co (1) w w norton & co inc (1) westview pr (1) wildside pr (1)See fewerAuthor adam bernstein (2) albert hughes (4) ari palitz (1) armand mastroianni (1)See all aspatore books (1) aspatore books staff (1) balazs hatvani (1) bazyler, michael j. (edt)/ alford, roger p. (edt) (2) bennett, bruce (edt)/ miller, susan (edt)/ hayes, susan (edt) (1) blue lyra review (cor) (1) brad peyton (3) brian helgeland (2) brooke peters (1) bryan fogel (2) buddy lester (1) charles jarrott (1) church, james (2) craig teper (1) damon, william (edt)/ verducci, susan (edt) (1) dan scanlon (4) daniel mann (1) daniel petrie (1) dave swarbrick/dave swarbrick & simon nicol/simon nicol (1) david de coteau (1) david m. rosenthal (1) david michod (4) deguzman, shalla (1) denny, christopher d. (edt)/ hayes, patrick j. (edt)/ rademacher, nicholas k. (edt)/ bernardi, peter j. (con) (1) diefendorf, jeffry m. (edt)/ lessons & legacies conference/ hayes, peter (1) diefendorf, jeffry m./ lessons & legacies conference/ hayes, peter (1) don taylor (1) durr, volker (edt)/ harms, kathy (edt)/ hayes, peter (edt) (1) feldman, gerald d./ hayes, peter (int) (1) fitzsimons, peter (1) ford, peter (edt)/ hayes, patrick (edt)/ center for evaluative and developmental research (aldershot, england) (1) frank borzage (4) george pollock (1) gluzman, yelena (edt)/ yankelevich, matvei (edt) (1) goldstein, diane e. (2) golenbock, peter (1) granof, corinne (edt)/ hayes, peter (edt)/ mickenberg, david (edt) (1) guy ritchie (3) hay, peter (1) hayes, carol/ hendriks, peter/ ikeda, shunichi/ kizu, mika (1) hayes, carol/ kizu, mika/ ikeda, shunichi/ hendriks, peter (1) hayes, david f. (edt)/ shubin, tatiana (edt)/ alexanderson, gerald l. (edt)/ ross, peter (edt) (1) hayes, deborah (1) hayes, fiona/ douglas, peter/ bellamy, martin/ inglis, george (edt) (1) hayes, kevin j. (edt)/ bour, isabelle (edt) (1) hayes, nicky/ stratton, peter (3) hayes, peter (20) hayes, peter (edt) (3) hayes, peter (edt)/ roth, john k. (edt) (2) hayes, peter (edt)/ schulweis, harvey (frw) (1) hayes, peter (edt)/ weiss, theodore zev (frw)/ wiesel, elie (int) (2) hayes, peter c. (3) hayes, peter c. (edt)/ mackay, thomas w./ forrest, ewan h./ fisken, roger a. (1) hayes, peter c./ bell, derek (2) hayes, peter c./ finlayson, niall d. c. (1) hayes, peter c./ mackay, thomas w. (1) hayes, peter c./ macwalter, ronald s. (1) hayes, peter lind/ healy, mary (1) hayes, peter/ habu, toshie (2) hayes, peter/ jurevicius, luke (ilt) (1) hayes, peter/ smith, kirk (edt) (1) hayes, peter/ zarsky, lyuba/ bello, walden (1) hayes, ross w./ perry, john g./ thompson, peter a./ willmer, gillian (1) hayes, sarah/ anstey, caroline/ asbjornsen, peter christen/ anstey, caroline (ilt)/ steel, flora annie (1) hayes,peter lind (2) hedges, peter (1) heston,charlton (1) hlavajova, maria (edt)/ sheikh, simon (edt) (1) hopkins, peter b./ miller, heynes c./ miller, c. hayes (1) ian dalrymple (1) j. blakeson (2) jacob vaughan (2) jay chandrasekhar (2) jehl, douglas/ mcdonald, bernadette (edt) (1) jessica yu (1) john h. auer (1) john sturges (1) jonathan frakes (4) jones, stephen (edt) (1) joseph guzman (1) joseph zito (3) ketchum, peter j. (2) kihl, young whan (edt)/ hayes, peter (edt)/ scalapino, robert a. (edt) (2) martin, james/ samels, james e. (2) michael bay (5) nash edgerton (2) norman tokar (3) peter farrelly (2) phan, peter c. (edt)/ hayes, diana (edt) (2) phil lord (2) plumptre, edward hayes (2) roy rowland (2) shaw, joseph w. (edt)/ shaw, maria c. (edt) (2) stephen hopkins (2) steven soderbergh (2) various artists (32)See fewerDirector michael bay (5) albert hughes (4) dan scanlon (4) david michod (4)See all frank borzage (4) jonathan frakes (4) steven soderbergh (4) brad peyton (3) guy ritchie (3) joseph zito (3) norman tokar (3) adam bernstein (2) brian helgeland (2) bryan fogel (2) hayes,peter lind (2) j. blakeson (2) jacob vaughan (2) jay chandrasekhar (2) nash edgerton (2) peter farrelly (2) phil lord (2) roy rowland (2) stephen hopkins (2) ari palitz (1) armand mastroianni (1) balazs hatvani (1) brooke peters (1) charles jarrott (1) craig teper (1) daniel mann (1) daniel petrie (1) david de coteau (1) david m. rosenthal (1) don taylor (1) george pollock (1) ian dalrymple (1) jessica yu (1) john h. auer (1) john sturges (1) joseph guzman (1) lorre,peter (1) melvin frank (1) mikael salomon (1) nacho vigalondo (1) peter hedges (1) peter maniura (1) robert iscove (1) robert sparr (1) s. sylvan simon (1) sam irvin (1) steve kopera (1) tom hayes (1) vincente minnelli (1) william beaudine (1) woods,daniel (1)See fewerActor peter stormare (12) dwayne johnson (8) anthony hayes (7) helen hayes (7)See all jeffrey j. haboush (7) chad hayes (6) channing tatum (6) joel edgerton (6) michael semanick (6) olivia munn (6) paul jennings (6) peter lind hayes (6) sam petty (6) shade vfx (6) alma cuttruff (5) andrea bennetti (5) anndee rucker (5) anthony mackie (5) ashley hayes (5) bar paly (5) ben seresin (5) bill kelly (5) borden, tyrone (5) brian stepanek (5) carol kaye (5) cedric depasquale (5) charlie johnson (5) chez mena (5) choice gray (5) chris castaldi (5) christopher langstaff (5) christopher markus (5) courtney o'connor (5) delmer daves (5) donny davis (5) drew webster (5) ed harris (5) emily rutherfurd (5) erik aadahl (5) ethan vanderryn (5) greg p. russell (5) gregg weiner (5) gwendalyn barker (5) holland hayes (5) industrial light and magic (5) irina kazakova (5) james cromwell (5) jay hart (5) jeff owings (5) jennifer nicole lee (5) jessica dykstra (5) john frazier (5) johnny villanueva (5) judith anderson (5) k.c. holdenfield (5) ken bates (5) ken clement (5) ken jeong (5) kiki harris (5) knb efx inc. (5) larry hankin (5) laurie cocheo (5) lawrence scott (5) lee grimes (5) mark wahlberg (5) method studios (5) michael bay (5) michael rispoli (5) mike benitez (5) mike tremont (5) nicholas parsons (5) nikki benz (5) nuria sitja (5) oliver jay (5) parris buckner (5) patrick bristow (5) persi caputo (5) rachel solow (5) rebel wilson (5) rey hernandez (5) richard haylor (5) rob corddry (5) roma demartino (5) rubber doll (5) rushanna lewis (5) sabrina mayfield (5) scanline (5) scott millan (5) sean hayes (5) sebastian schroder (5) seven (5) stephen mcfeely (5) steve jablonsky (5) tony plana (5) tony shalhoub (5) troy robinson (5) trudie petersen (5) vannessa nevader (5) vivi pineda (5) vivian ruiz (5)See fewerArtist various artists (34) buddy lester (1) dave swarbrick/dave swarbrick & simon nicol/simon nicol (1) heston,charlton (1)See all louis hayes (1) olivia newton-john (1) peter la farge (1)See fewerDepartment comedy (23) action/adventure (20) drama (16) popular music (14)See all horror (13) history/world (11) family (10) medical (10) education (5) religion/ethics (5) sci-fi/fantasy (5) folk music (4) politics/intl relations (4) world music (4) blues music (3) dance, dj (3) jazz music (3) sociology (3) suspense (3) country & western (2) documentary (2) literature/classics (2) musicals (2) mystery (2) photo techniques (2) soul/r&b (2) soundtracks & scores (2) art (1) biography (1) childrens (1) cinema-film (1) law (1) music (1) music videos - classical (1) mystery/suspense (1) nature/ecology (1) plays (1) poetry (1) psychology (1) spoken word: comedy (1) spoken word: general (1) sports (1)See fewerAttributesDeals In stock under $5 (106) Clearance (84)LanguageSelectAfar
Abkhazian
Achinese
Acoli
Adangme
Adyghe; Adygei
Afro Asiatic (Other)
Afrihili
Afrikaans
Akan
Akkadian
Albanian
Aleut
Algonquian Languages
Amharic
Old English
Apache Languages
Arabic
Aramaic
Aragonese
Armenian
Araucanian
Arapaho
Artificial (Other)
Arawak
Assamese
Asturian; Bable
Assyrian
Athapascan Languages
Australian Languages
Avaric
Avestan
Awadhi
Aymara
Azerbaijani
Banda
Bamileke Languages
Bashkir
Baluchi
Bambara
Balinese
Basque
Baltic (Other)
Beja
Belarusian
Bemba
Bengali
Berber (Other)
Bhojpuri
Bihari
Bikol
Bilingual
Bini
Bislama
Siksika
Bantu (Other)
Bosnian
Braj
Breton
Batak (Indonesia)
Buriat
Buginese
Bulgarian
Burmese
Blin; Bilin
Caddo
Central American Indian (Other)
Cambodian
Carib
Catalan
Caucasian (Other)
Cayuga
Cebuano
Celtic Languages
Chamorro
Chibcha
Chechen
Chagatai
Chinese
Chuukese
Mari
Chinook Jargon
Choctaw
Chipewyan
Cherokee
Church & Old Slavic/Slavonic; Old Bulgarian
Chuvash
Cheyenne
Chamic Languages
Coptic
Cornish
Corsican
Creoles And Pidgins
Cree
Crimean Tatar; Crimean Turkish
Creoles And Pidgins (Other)
Kashubian
Cushitic (Other)
Czech
Dakota
Danish
Dari Afghanistan
Dayak
Delaware
Slave (Athapascan)
Dogrib
Dinka
Divehi
Dogri
Dravidian (Other)
Lower Sorbian
Duala
Dutch
Dyula
Dzongkha
Efik
Egyptian (Ancient)
Ekajuk
Elamite
English
Middle English
Esperanto
Estonian
Ewe
Ewondo
Fang
Faroese
Fanti
Fijian
Filipino; Pilipino
Finnish
Finno Ugrian (Other)
Fon
French
Frisian
Fulah
Friulian
Ga
Gayo
Gbaya
Germanic (Other)
Georgian
German
Geez
Gilbertese
Gaelic
Irish
Gallegan
Manx
Gondi
Gorontalo
Gothic
Grebo
Ancient Greek
Greek
Guarani
Gujarati
Gwich´In
Haida
Haitian; Haitian Creole
Hausa
Hawaiian
Hebrew
Herero
Hiligaynon
Himachali
Hindi
Hittite
Hmong
Hiri Motu
Upper Sorbian
Hungarian
Hupa
Iban
Igbo
Icelandic
Ido
Sichuan Yi
Ijo
Inuktitut
Interlingue
Iloko
Interlingua (International Auxiliary Language Association)
Indic (Other)
Indonesian
Indo European Languages
Ingush
Inupiaq
Pashto Iranian
Iroquoian Languages
Italian
Javanese
Lojban
Japanese
Judeo Persian
Judeo Arabic
Kara Kalpak
Kabyle
Kachin
Kalaallisut; Greenlandic
Kamba
Kannada
Karen
Kashmiri
Kanuri
Kawi
Kazakh
Kabardian
Khasi
Khoisan (Other)
Khmer
Khotanese
Kikuyu; Gikuyu
Kinyarwanda
Kirghiz
Kimbundu
Konkani
Komi
Kongo
Korean
Kosraean
Kpelle
Karachay Balkar
Kru
Kurukh
Kuanyama; Kwanyama
Kumyk
Kurdish
Kutenai
Ladino
Lahnda
Lamba
Lao
Latin
Latvian
Lezghian
Limburgan; Limburger; Limburgish
Lingala
Lithuanian
Mongo
Lozi
Luxembourgish; Letzeburgesch
Luba Lulua
Luba Katanga
Ganda
Luiseno
Lunda
Luo (Kenya And Tanzania)
Lushai
Macedonian
Madurese
Magahi
Marshallese
Maithili
Makasar
Malayalam
Mandarin
Maori
Austronesian (Other)
Marathi
Masai
Malay
Moksha
Mandar
Mende
Mexican
Mi'kmaq; Micmac
Minangkabau
Miscellaneous Languages
Mon Khmer (Other)
Malagasy
Maltese
Manchu
Manipuri
Manobo Languages
Mohawk
Moldavian
Mongolian
Mossi
Multilingual
Munda Languages
Creek
Mirandese
Marwari
Mayan Languages
Erzya
Nahualt (Aztec)
North American Indian
Neapolitan
Nauru
Navajo
Ndebele
Ndonga
Low German; Low Saxon; German
Nepali
Newari; Nepal Bhasa
Nias
Niger Kordofanian (Other)
Niuean
Norwegian Nynorsk; Nynorsk
Norwegian BokmÅl; BokmÅl
Nogai
Norse
Norwegian
Northern Sotho
Nubian Languages
Classical Newari; Old Newari; Classical Nepal Bhasa
Chichewa; Chewa; Nyanja
Nyamwezi
Nyankole
Nyoro
Nzima
Occitan (Post 1500); ProvenÇal
Ojibwa
Oriya
Oromo
Osage
Ossetian; Ossetic
Turkish
Other
Otomian Languages
Papuan (Other)
Pangasinan
Pahlavi
Pampanga
Punjabi
Papiamento
Palauan
Persian
Persian Farsi
Philipino
Phoenician
Pali
Polish
Pohnpeian
Portuguese
Prakrit Languages
ProvenÇal
Pushto
Quechua
Rajasthani
Rapanui
Rarotongan
Romance (Other)
Raeto Romance
Romansch
Romanian
Rundi
Russian
Sandawe
Sango
Yakut
South American Indian (Other)
Salishan Languages
Sam
Sanskrit
Sasak
Santali
Serbo Croatian
Sicilian
Scots
Croatian
Selkup
Semitic
Sign Languages
Shan
Sidamo
Sinhala; Sinhalese
Siouan Languages
Sino Tibetan (Other)
Slavic (Other)
Slovak
Slovenian
Southern Sami
Northern Sami
Sami Languages (Other)
Lule Sami
Inari Sami
Samoan
Skolt Sami
Shona
Sindhi
Soninke
Sogdian
Somali
Songhai
Sotho
Spanish
Sardinian
Serer
Nilo Saharan (Other)
Swati
Sukuma
Sundanese
Susu
Sumerian
Swahili
Swedish
Syriac
Tahitian
Tai (Other)
Tamil
Tatar
Telugu
Timne
Tereno
Tetum
Tajik
Tagalog
Thai
Tibetan
Tigre
Tigrinya
Tiv
Tokelau
Klingon; Tlhingan Hol
Tlingit
Tamashek
Tonga (Nyasa)
Tonga (Tonga Islands)
Tok Pisin
Tsimshian
Tswana
Tsonga
Turkmen
Tumbuka
Tupi Languages
Altaic (Other)
Tuvalu
Twi
Tuvinian
Udmurt
Ugaritic
Uighur; Uyghur
Ukrainian
Umbundu
Undetermined
Urdu
Uzbek
Vai
Venda
Vietnamese
VolapÜk
Votic
Wakashan Languages
Walamo
Waray
Washo
Welsh
Sorbian Languages
Walloon
Wolof
Kalmyk
Xhosa
Yao
Yapese
Yiddish
Yoruba
Yupik Languages
Zapotec (Mexico)
Zenaga
Zhuang; Chuang
Zande
Zulu
ZuniYeartoENDS JULY 30WIN A $500 GIFT CARDLet us invest in your dreams by picking up the tab for your textbooks! Snap a selfie and you could win.ENTER WEEKLYAll248 ResultsBooks111 ResultsMusic40 ResultsMovies & TV97 ResultsSort results by:Most RelevantPrice: Low to HighPrice: High to LowTitle A - ZTitle Z - AAuthor/Artist/DirectorPublication Date: Newest to OldestPublication Date: Oldest to NewestIndustry And Ideology: Ig Farben In The Nazi Eraby Hayes, Peter  (2000)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (2) | Paperback (2)Industry And Ideology: Ig Farben In The Nazi Eraby Hayes, Peter  (2000)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (2) | Paperback (2)Used Paperback from $13.19 See DetailsSee all from $4.04Used Paperback from $13.19 See DetailsSee all from $4.04From Cooperation To Complicity: Degussa In The Third Reichby Hayes, Peter  (2007)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) | Paperback (1)From Cooperation To Complicity: Degussa In The Third Reichby Hayes, Peter  (2007)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) | Paperback (1) See DetailsSee all from $9.98 See DetailsSee all from $9.98An American Lake: Militarism And The Nuclear Peril In The Pacificby Hayes, Peter  (1987)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1)An American Lake: Militarism And The Nuclear Peril In The Pacificby Hayes, Peter  (1987)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) See DetailsOut of stock See DetailsOut of stockThe Supreme Adventure: Exploring The Inner Worldby Hayes, Peter  (2001)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) | Paperback (3)The Supreme Adventure: Exploring The Inner Worldby Hayes, Peter  (2001)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) | Paperback (3) See DetailsOut of stock See DetailsOut of stockBright Sparks Teacher's Resource Book: Emergentby Hayes, Peter  (2002)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1)Bright Sparks Teacher's Resource Book: Emergentby Hayes, Peter  (2002)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1) See DetailsOut of stock See DetailsOut of stockThe Green And Purple Hatby Hayes, Peter  (2004)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1)The Green And Purple Hatby Hayes, Peter  (2004)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1) See DetailsOut of stock See DetailsOut of stockPacific Powderkeg: American Nuclear Dilemmas In Koreaby Hayes, Peter  (1990)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1)Pacific Powderkeg: American Nuclear Dilemmas In Koreaby Hayes, Peter  (1990)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) See DetailsSee all from $5.50 See DetailsSee all from $5.50My Dad Came To Schoolby Hayes, Peter  (2004)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1)My Dad Came To Schoolby Hayes, Peter  (2004)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1) See DetailsSee all from $3.41 See DetailsSee all from $3.41My Lady Of The Bogby Hayes, Peter  (2014)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1)My Lady Of The Bogby Hayes, Peter  (2014)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) See DetailsSee all from $0.99 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Tv Dinner: Emergentby Hayes, Peter  (2002)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (2) | School And Library (1)Tv Dinner: Emergentby Hayes, Peter  (2002)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (2) | School And Library (1) See DetailsOut of stock See DetailsOut of stockShow 10 more results×

Helen Hayes (Peter Warrack) - Vintage Photograph






 










































Log In / Sign Up








My Shopping Bag

			0
		

Your Passion Is Our Promise… Authentic Autographs, Fine Art & Antiquities



















Log In / Sign Up





						0 items
					





























Home
Arts & EntertainmentFilm & TVActresses




1203739


Helen Hayes (Peter Warrack) 

            Vintage Photograph
        


1203739-1

http://www.jgautographs.com/product/details/vintage-photograph/helen-hayes-(peter-warrack)-/1203739




$20.00$16


- Product is currently out of stock.










Helen Hayes (October 10, 1900 – March 17, 1993), original 3.5 x 5 photograph by celebrity photographer Peter Warrack. Vintage photograph from the original negative. Printed by Warrack as part of his personal archive. Previously unpublished.
In his early 20's, Peter Warrack lived in London, Rome, and Athens working for entertainment magazines and writing articles about events that he attended, like the Cannes Film Festival. It was during this period of time that his interest in photography began to develop. Over the years, Peter began to amass a very extensive collection of photographs of people he met. He attended many events and met many famed individuals of the time. He always took the time to research people before meeting them and was able to talk with them about their careers, their travels and even their families. This impressed them and they felt comfortable in his company; many became personal friends over the years. Their comfort level always translated into the way he captured the personality of those individuals, as he would engage them in easy, friendly conversation while taking candid photos. Until now his personal collection and archive has been completely unpublished.
Verso bears official "Peter Warrack Archive" ink stamping. In very good condition, though might have light mounting residue on verso from previous mounting.
Provenance: From the Peter Warrack Estate.

Satisfaction 100% Guaranteed

TAGS:  Classic Hollywood Photography, Peter Warrack Archive


View All Helen Hayes (Peter Warrack) 









JG Autographs
http://www.jgautographs.com


Suggestions







Helen Hayes (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Helen Hayes (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Helen Hayes (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage 8x10 Photograph 
$15.00$12




					Helen Hayes (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Jane Powell (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Jane Powell (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Kathleen Turner (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Kathleen Turner (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Lee Remick (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Lee Remick (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Juliette Binoche (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$35.00$28




					Juliette Binoche (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$20.00$16




					Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$20.00$16




					Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$20.00$16




					Florence Henderson (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Bette Davis (Peter Warrack)
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Bette Davis (Peter Warrack)
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Meg Ryan (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Meg Ryan (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive









Chita Rivera (Peter Warrack) 
Vintage Photograph 
$25.00$20




					Chita Rivera (Peter Warrack) 
Previously unpublished, original vintage photograph from the Peter Warrack Archive




























        This page copyright ©1997 - 2017, JG Autographs, Inc. All rights reserved      
        Designed by JG Autographs, Inc.
    


 
Product Search - Routledge
Product SearchResults for: author = Peter Hayes; range = all. Search again. 5 All NewAllPublishedForthcoming Product Types FeaturedTextbooksProfessional / TradeHandbooks / CompanionsResearch MonographsMajor WorksPaperbacks Direct A Student's Dictionary of Psychology and Neuroscience6th EditionBy Nicky Hayes, Peter StrattonThis is the essential reference work for any student studying psychology for the first time. Packed with easy-to-understand definitions and helpful diagrams, the new edition has been expanded to include the key concepts within the growing field of neuroscience, as well as greater coverage of…Paperback – 2017-08-28  RoutledgeA Student's Dictionary of Psychology5th EditionBy Nicky Hayes, Peter StrattonA Student’s Dictionary of Psychology is an essential reference for all undergraduate psychology students and those studying psychology for the first time, including those in related disciplines such as health care and social science. It provides the reader with clear definitions of key concepts…Paperback – 2012-08-31RoutledgeAdoption in JapanComparing Policies for Children in NeedBy Peter Hayes, Toshie HabuThe first book-length study of adoption in Japan, this impressive work tackles the innovative and sometimes controversial subject of the policies of adoption agencies in Japan. The book places special adoption in the context of a liberal reformist agenda that has challenged…Paperback – 2012-07-13RoutledgeRoutledge Contemporary Japan SeriesPeace and Security in Northeast Asia: Nuclear Issue and the Korean PeninsulaNuclear Issue and the Korean PeninsulaBy Peter Hayes, Young Whan KihlThis work provides an analysis of North Korea's nuclear controversy from a variety of perspectives, including: nuclear reactor technology and technology transfer; economic sanctions and incentives; confidence-building measures; environmental challenges; and the views of Korea and the major powers.…Paperback – 1996-11-08RoutledgeThe Global Greenhouse RegimeWho Pays?By Kirk R. SmithEdited by Peter HayesEffective policies to prevent global warming and climatic change are urgently required by the world community. However, international negotiations on this issue repeatedly come up against the problems of allocating responsibility for the greenhouse effect, and bearing the costs of remedying the…Paperback – 1993-07-01RoutledgeAdvanced SearchKeywordsTitleAuthor/EditorISBNProduct GroupanyFeaturedHandbooks / CompanionsInteractive eTextbooksLibrary / ReferenceMajor WorksPaperbacks DirectProfessional / TradeResearch MonographsSpecial Issues of JournalsStudent ReferenceTextbooksSubject CategoryanyArea StudiesArtsBehavioral SciencesBuilt EnvironmentCommunication StudiesDevelopment StudiesEconomics, Finance, Business & IndustryEducationEnvironment and SustainabilityGeographyHealth and Social CareHumanitiesInformation ScienceLanguage & LiteratureLawMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied HealthMuseum and Heritage StudiesPolitics & International RelationsReference & Information ScienceSocial SciencesSports and LeisureTourism, Hospitality and EventsUrban StudiesImprint/PublisheranyA K Peters/CRC PressAOCS PublishingAPA Planners PressASM PressAnalytic Press Anamaya PublishersApple Academic PressArchitectural PressAshgateAshgate (ex Arena)Ashgate (ex Gower)Ashgate (ex Scolar)Ashgate (ex Variorum)Ashgate Chem. Ref.Ashgate Dartmouth Ashgate VariorumAuerbach PublicationsBIOS Scientific PublishersBehavioral ScienceBirkbeck Law PressBlackwellBridge 21, USABrunner-RoutledgeCRC PressCattleDog PublishingChapman and Hall/CRCDavid Fulton Publishers  EPFL PressESI InternationalEarthscanEdition SynapseEditiones Scholasticae, GermanyErlbaum Behavioral ScienceErlbaum Psych PressEstates GazetteEuropa PublicationsEye on EducationFacet PublishingFairmont PressFederation PressFocal PressFrank CassGarland ScienceGestalt PressGower Gower (ex Ashgate) Gregg RevivalsGuilford PressHIMSS PublishingHakluyt Society IHS BRE PressInforma HealthcareInforma LawInforma Law from RoutledgeInternational Work Group for Indigenous AffairsJaypee UKKegan PaulLawrence ErlbaumLearningLund HumphriesLynne RiennerMacat LibraryMarcel DekkerMayo Clinic Scientific PressMedpharmNBSNarosaNetherlands Institute for Social ResearchNew Concept PressPan StanfordPowerhouse PublishingProductivity PressPsychology PressQMP/CRC PressRFF PressRIBARIBA PublishingRoutledgeRoutledge AcademicRoutledge IndiaRoutledge Mental HealthRoutledge-CavendishRoutledgeCurzonRoutledgeFalmerSDC PublicationsSchattauerSchlueterscheScience PublishersScolar PressSoftware & Alt MediaSpon PressStata PressStudien Verlag, AustriaSwedish Pharmaceutical PressTaylor & FrancisTeton NewMediaThe Copy WorkshopTheatre Arts BookUniversities PressWhittles PublishingPublication DateanyAllNewNew/PublishedPublishedForthcoming Search


 » Products Peter Hayes












































  















         Tel. +44 (0)1225 466215
     











SHOP
 
Using a variety of materials including; ceramic, bronze, glass, marble and stone, I like to work with clients to produce pieces that are site specific, from small alcoves to large outdoor space.  I have experience in providing works for large and small projects such as corporate office spaces, hotels, luxury yachts and private homes.
Payment and delivery information.
If you would like further information or have any queries please email me at peter@peterhayes-ceramics.uk.com or join our mailing list here.
For more examples of work please visit my pinterest page: https://www.pinterest.com/phayesceramics/.
 
Click on images for further information





Default sorting
Sort by popularity
Sort by average rating
Sort by newness
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low




Bronze Bow
£ 750.00
Add to basket

Bronze Couple with Child
£ 1,750.00
Read more

Bronze Couple with Children
£ 1,750.00
Read more

Damascus Steel Blade
£ 1,500.00
Add to basket

Raku Bow
£ 750.00
Read more

Raku Bow
£ 400.00
Read more

Raku Bow
£ 475.00
Read more

Red Bow
£ 450.00
Read more

Seated Bronze Figure
£ 3,500.00
Read more

White Standing Stone
£ 1,800.00
Read more



















 
   Studio ; 2 Cleveland Bridge, Bath,BA1 5DH, United Kingdom Tel +44 (0)1225 466215 
   Email:  peter@peterhayes-ceramics.uk.com
   ©2017 Peter Hayes Ceramics

 

