


Insider Trading - Hayes Rejji P - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Hayes Rejji P





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-10-14Disposition
2016-10-184:25 pm
N/AN/A
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PEVP & CFO
2,334
$0
37,921(Direct)
View


2016-10-14Disposition
2016-10-184:25 pm
N/AN/A
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PEVP & CFO
37,921
$45.72
37,921(Direct)
View


2016-10-14Option Award
2016-10-184:25 pm
N/AN/A
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PEVP & CFO
10,906
$0
37,921(Direct)
View


2016-10-14Disposition
2016-10-184:25 pm
N/AN/A
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PEVP & CFO
9,614
$0
37,921(Direct)
View


2016-10-14Disposition
2016-10-184:25 pm
N/AN/A
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PEVP & CFO
1,292
$45.72
37,921(Direct)
View


2016-10-14Disposition
2016-10-184:25 pm
N/A2022-05-22
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PEVP & CFO
19,740
$45.72
37,921(Direct)
View


2016-10-14Disposition
2016-10-184:25 pm
N/A2023-05-14
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PEVP & CFO
15,990
$45.72
37,921(Direct)
View


2016-10-14Disposition
2016-10-184:25 pm
N/A2024-05-20
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PEVP & CFO
12,912
$45.72
37,921(Direct)
View


2016-10-14Disposition
2016-10-184:25 pm
N/A2025-05-19
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PEVP & CFO
36,842
$45.72
37,921(Direct)
View


2016-05-19Option Award
2016-05-234:28 pm
N/AN/A
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PSVP & CFO
15,927
$0
40,255(Direct)
View


2016-05-14Tax Withholding
2016-05-174:27 pm
N/AN/A
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PSVP & CFO
505
$44.25
24,328(Direct)
View


2015-05-22Tax Withholding
2015-05-274:25 pm
N/AN/A
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PSVP, CFO & Treasurer
575
$35.96
24,833(Direct)
View


2015-02-02Option Award
2015-05-215:10 pm
N/AN/A
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PSVP, CFO & Treasurer
8,750
$0
36,842(Direct)
View


2015-02-02Option Award
2015-05-215:10 pm
N/AN/A
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PSVP, CFO & Treasurer
3,899
$0
36,842(Direct)
View


2015-02-02Option Award
2015-05-215:10 pm
N/A2025-05-19
Itc Holdings Corp.
ITC
Hayes Rejji PSVP, CFO & Treasurer
36,842
$35.91
36,842(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 22:20:30 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Rejji P Hayes - Bloomfield Hills, MI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Rejji P Hayes in Bloomfield Hills, MI


Rejji P Hayes

                                                                           Intelius found that Rejji P Hayes  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Bloomfield Hills, MI.  We have connected them to
                18 addresses,
                13 phones,
                and 9 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Rejji P Hayes is in his 40s

Rejji Has Lived In

Bloomfield Hills, MI
Chicago, IL
Haverhill, MA

Rejji's Relatives

Celeste Watkins
Gail Hayes
Charles Hayes
Alanda Hayes







Rejji P Hayes



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Director of Corporate Finance at Exelon Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Rejji? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Rejji, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Rejji P Hayes
Get a Criminal Check on Rejji P Hayes
Get a Public Record Report on Rejji P Hayes
Get a People Search Report on Rejji P Hayes


Rejji P Hayes's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Rejji P Hayes has lived as well as Rejji P Hayes's phone numbers and email addresses.




Rejji P Hayes Has Lived in 4 States
Michigan Address for Rejji P Hayes


278 W******* D* 

Bloomfield Hills, MI


Has Lived In

Bloomfield Hills, MI
Chicago, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Rejji P Hayes

(248) ***-**** - Bloomfield Hills, MI 
(248) ***-**** - Novi, MI 
(800) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Rejji P Hayes

r****s@***.com
r****s@***.com
n********h@***.com


Get Email Report




Rejji P Hayes's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Rejji P Hayes's academic history.  Find out which schools Rejji P Hayes attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Rejji P Hayes received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Rejji P Hayes Has Attended 1 School
Philips GmbH 1989 – 1993                              


Rejji P Hayes's Professional Information
Information regarding Rejji P Hayes's professional history.  Find out previous places Rejji P Hayes has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Rejji P Hayes Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: Exelon Corporation
               Title: Director of Corporate Finance
Company: ITC Holdings Corp.
               Title: Vice President, Finance and Treasurer
Rejji P Hayes's Experience
Title: Director of Corporate Finance
               Company: Exelon Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Title: Vice President, Finance and Treasurer
               Company: ITC Holdings Corp.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 500 to less than 1,000. ITC is the largest independent electric transmission company in the United States. Based in Novi, Michigan, ITC invests in the electric transmission grid to improve reliability, expand access to markets, allow new generating resources to interconnect to its transmission systems and lower the overall cost of delivered energy. Through its regulated operating subsidiaries ITCTransmission, Michigan Electric Transmission Company, ITC Midwest and ITC Great Plains, ITC owns and operates high-voltage transmission facilities in Michigan, Iowa, Minnesota, Illinois, Missouri, Kansas and Oklahoma, serving a combined peak load exceeding 26,000 megawatts along approximately 15,700 circuit miles of transmission line. ITC's grid development focus includes growth through regulated infrastructure investment as well as domestic and international expansion through merchant and other commercial development opportunities.
Additional Professional Information on Rejji P Hayes

 See Rejji P Hayes's LinkedIn Profile



Rejji P Hayes's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Rejji P Hayes


Rejji P Hayes's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Rejji P Hayes's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Rejji Hayes
Username Matches

                  RejjiHayes
                  HayesRejji
                  Rejji.Hayes
                  Hayes.Rejji
                  Rejji_Hayes
                  Hayes_Rejji
                  Rejji-Hayes
                  Hayes-Rejji
                  RHayes
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Hayes







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













	
        Compensation Information for Rejji P. Hayes , Former EVP & CFO of ITC HOLDINGS CORP. | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Rejji P. Hayes 
Executive Compensation
As Former EVP & CFO at ITC HOLDINGS CORP., Rejji P. Hayes  made $1,898,026 in total compensation.  Of this total $374,808 was received as a salary, $794,800 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $699,992 was awarded as stock and $28,426 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Rejji P. Hayes ,  Former EVP & CFO at ITC HOLDINGS CORP. as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. ITC HOLDINGS CORP. income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. ITC HOLDINGS CORP. annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Joseph L. Welch 
Linda H. Blair 
Daniel J. Oginsky 
Jon E. Jipping 

Christine Mason Soneral 
Gretchen L. Holloway 






Rejji P. Hayes 


Base Pay$374,808
Bonus + Incentive Comp$794,800
Total Cash Compensation$1,169,608


Stock Award Value$699,992
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$699,992



Total Other$28,426



Total Compensation$1,898,026




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 





















 



 CMS Energy and Consumers Energy Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom Webb Named 
         










    











 













 











 



















CMS Energy and Consumers Energy Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom Webb Named Vice Chairman; Rejji Hayes joins CMS Energy and Consumers Energy as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
        																																												
              

          - Tom Webb named CMS Energy Vice Chairman after embracing challenge and leading successful financial transformation, effective May 1- Rejji Hayes, the former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ITC Holdings Corp., joins CMS Energy and Consumers Energy as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective May 1
        
















 News provided by
CMS Energy  
May 01, 2017, 07:35 ET









 Share this article




























































JACKSON, Mich., May 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CMS Energy and Consumers Energy announced today that Thomas (Tom) J. Webb is named Vice Chairman, after 15 years as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer where he played a vital role on the team which led CMS Energy's financial turnaround and growth. Webb also announced plans to retire Nov. 1, 2017. In his role as Vice Chairman, he will be responsible for duties determined by Chief Executive Officer Patricia K. Poppe. 








Rejji P. Hayes, former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ITC Holdings, Inc. (ITC), will succeed Webb as CMS Energy and Consumers Energy Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on May 1, 2017.  
Webb served in the CFO role since joining the company in 2002. For the past 15 years, he helped shape the CMS Energy strategy to deliver consistent financial results. Under Webb's leadership, the Company's market capitalization increased to more than $12.7 billion today from a low of $503 million in 2003, with 14 consecutive years of exceeding earnings' expectations. 
"During his tenure, Tom embraced the challenge the company faced and helped our team with a successful financial transformation," said Patti Poppe, President and CEO of CMS Energy and Consumers Energy. "In part due to his strategic leadership, and tenacious focus on customers AND investors, we are now recognized by investors worldwide as a company that delivers consistent, industry-leading financial performance." 
Hayes joined ITC in Novi, MI as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer in 2012 and served as Chief Financial Officer from 2014 to 2016. In his role as CFO, Hayes was responsible for the company's accounting, tax, mergers and acquisitions, internal audit, investor relations, treasury, financial planning and analysis, management reporting and risk management functions. He most recently co-led the strategic review that resulted in the sale of ITC to Fortis Inc., a leading North American utility holding company. Under Hayes' tenure as CFO, ITC's market capitalization increased from approximately $4.7 billion to $7 billion.  
Prior to joining ITC Holdings Corp., Hayes held strategy and financial leadership roles for Exelon Corporation, Lazard Freres & Co., Banc of America Securities and Merrill Lynch. He earned an MBA from Harvard Business School and a bachelor's degree from Amherst College. 
"Rejji brings critical utility and public company CFO experience and much of the same strategy and financial acumen that Tom provided to benefit customers and investors," added Poppe. "We're pleased to have him join our team to continue delivering world class performance." 
For more information on CMS Energy, please visit our website at www.cmsenergy.com.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cms-energy-and-consumers-energy-executive-vice-president-and-chief-financial-officer-tom-webb-named-vice-chairman-rejji-hayes-joins-cms-energy-and-consumers-energy-as-executive-vice-president-and-chief-financial-officer-300448571.html
SOURCE CMS Energy
 Related Links

http://www.cmsenergy.com



 

















May 05, 2017, 14:00 ET
Preview: CMS Energy's Utility Unit, Consumers Energy, Declares Quarterly Dividend On Preferred Stock




















May 01, 2017, 07:30 ET
Preview: CMS Energy Announces First Quarter Earnings Of $0.71 Per Share; Reaffirms 2017 Earnings Guidance








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











07:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              CMS Energy Announces Second Quarter Earnings Of $0.33 Per Share;...








 











Jul 20, 2017, 11:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              CMS Energy Board of Directors Declares Quarterly Dividend on...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Oil & Energy
  Utilities
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
CMS Energy and Consumers Energy Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom Webb Named Vice Chairman; Rejji Hayes joins CMS Energy and Consumers Energy as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


 News provided by
CMS Energy  
May 01, 2017, 07:35 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Rejji P. Hayes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at CMS Energy Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Rejji P. Hayes
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at CMS Energy Corp.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Family Members Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Political Donations Public Holdings 


Rejji P. Hayes
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at CMS Energy Corp.



 Overview



Age



42
                                  (Born 1975)
                                              




Notable Companies


CMS Energy Corp.

Consumers Energy Company

ITC Holdings Corp.




Board Seats



5





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,331 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
May 4, 2017





                        Rejji P. Hayes is now serving in a new position at Consumers Energy Company                    





SNL Energy Finance Daily
May 2, 2017





                        CMS Energy, Consumers Energy name retiring CFO as vice chairman                    





SNL Energy Finance Daily
November 1, 2016





                        ITC Holdings CFO resigns                    





The Banker
July 1, 2016





                        Movers and Shakers                    





Marketline Newswire
June 17, 2016





                        ITC Holdings announces organizational changes                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Patti Poppe

President & Chief Executive Officer at CMS Energy Corp.




Peter L. S. Currie

Chairman & President at Phillips Academy - Andover





John G. Palfrey, Jr.

Head of School at Phillips Academy - Andover




Catherine M. Reynolds

Senior Vice President & General Counsel of CMS Energy Corporation & Consumers Energy Company at CMS Energy Corp.





Shaun M. Johnson

Vice President & Deputy General Counsel of CMS Energy Corporation & Consumers Energy Company at CMS Energy Corp.




Joshua L. Steiner

Head of Industry Verticals at Bloomberg LP





John G. Russell

Emeritus Member at Business Leaders of Michigan, Inc.




Jon R. Robinson

Vice President & Deputy General Counsel-Utility Law & Regulation, Consumers Energy Company at CMS Energy Corp.





Melissa M. Gleespen

Chief Compliance Officer at CMS Energy Corp.




Glenn P. Barba

Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer at CMS Energy Corp.







See 1,321 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,321 More 


 


 Paths to Rejji P. Hayes



            Rejji P. Hayes          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Rejji P. Hayes






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Rejji P. Hayes.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Family Members



Spouse


Celeste Watkins-Hayes

Associate Professor of Sociology & African American Studies at Northwestern University

                  Northwestern University is a private institution founded in 1851 to serve the Northwest Territory, an area that now includes the states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin and parts of Minnesota.

In 1853, the founders purchased a 379-acre tract of land on the shore of Lake Michigan 12 miles north of Chicago. They established a campus and developed the land near it, naming the surrounding town Evanston in honor of one of the University's founders, John Evans. After completing its first building in 1855, Northwestern began classes that fall with two faculty members and 10 students.

Sixteen presidents have presided over Northwestern in the years since. The University has grown to include 12 schools and colleges, with additional campuses in Chicago and Education City in Qatar.
See highlights in Northwestern’s history:

1850
On May 31 John Evans, Grant Goodrich, Henry W. Clark, Andrew Brown, Orrington Lunt, Jabez Botsford, Richard Haney, Richard H. Blanchard, and Zadoc Hall meet above a hardware store at 69 West Lake Street in Chicago and resolve to establish a university under the patronage of the Methodist Episcopal Church.

1851
On January 28, the Illinois legislature approves Northwestern's Act of Incorporation, granting 36 trustees the power to administer the University's business affairs, organize faculty, adopt by-laws, and grant degrees.

1853
Clark T. Hinman becomes University's first president on June 23.
The University purchases 379 acres on Lake Michigan for $25,000.

1855
The University officially opens on November 5.
Northwestern's first building, Old College, is completed.
An amendment to University charter forbids the sale of liquor within four miles of campus.

1856
Randolph Foster becomes the University president.

1859
Five students receive bachelor's degrees at Northwestern's first commencement.

1860
Henry Noyes becomes the University president.
Student Edward Spencer rescues 17 survivors of the Lady Elgin, which sank in Lake Michigan.

1869
Erastus Haven becomes the University president.  
Trustees vote to admit young women to University classes "under the same terms and conditions as young men." Evanston resident Rebecca Hoag becomes first female to enroll at Northwestern.

1870
Chicago Medical College enters into an agreement with Northwestern University to serve as the University's Department of Medicine. 
New medical school building opens at Twenty-sixth and Prairie Avenue, adjacent to Mercy Hospital.
Women's Hospital Medical College opens.

1872
Dr. Charles Fowler becomes the University president.
1874
Sarah Rebecca Roland is first woman to receive a degree from Northwestern.
1882
The first football game is played against Lake Forest College.
1890
Henry Wade Rogers becomes University president.
1891
The School of Law opens.
1896
Northwestern's first PhDs are awarded; one is in chemistry, and one is in philosophy.
1902
The Rock, originally a drinking fountain, is given as a gift of the class of 1902.
1903
President Theodore Roosevelt visits campus.
Northwestern wins the first of seven Big Ten football championships.
1908
The School of Commerce opens. 1909 The College of Engineering opens.
1912
Kenneth Huszagh is the first Northwestern athlete to participate in the Olympics.
"Go U Northwestern," written by Northwestern University marching band member Theodore Van Etten, premieres in the season's final football game.
1917
Northwestern Medical Corps formed. Northwestern men and women serve in various capacities in World War I: 250 students sign up for active service; 800 women mobilized in National Aid and Red Cross work; a total of 3,606 went to war, and 65 died.
1920
Walter Dill Scott becomes the first non-Methodist University president.
1921
Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications is established.
1924
Wildcats becomes the name for Northwestern's athletics teams.
1929
The first Waa-Mu show is performed.
1932
A merger of Northwestern and University of Chicago is proposed and dismissed.
1933
University College is created.
1939
Franklyn Snyder becomes the University President.
The first-ever NCAA Men's Basketball Championship is held at Northwestern in Patten Gymnasium.
1948
WNUR begins broadcasting.
Professor Melville Herskovits establishes the Program of African Studies.
1949
J. Roscoe Miller is named the University president.
Northwestern's first computer is installed on campus in an unused room of the Dearborn Observatory.
Northwestern defeats California 20-14 in the Rose Bowl. 
1957
Daily Northwestern staffers first paint the Rock.
1970
From May 6 to 13, campus is shut down in protest of Kent State shootings; this is the longest the school has ever been closed.
1975
The first Dance Marathon is held.
1979
Women's Basketball wins its first of two consecutive Big Ten titles.
1985
Arnold Weber becomes the University President.
1995
Henry Bienen becomes the University President.
1998
Professor John Pople is awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.
2005
The women's lacrosse team wins its first of seven NCAA titles in eight years.
2006
U.S. Senator Barack Obama gives the commencement address.
2007
Northwestern begins offering journalism and communication degrees at its new branch campus in Qatar.
2008
Morton O. Schapiro becomes the University President.
2010
Professor Dale Mortensen is awarded the Nobel Prize for Economics.                





 Educational Background



Attendee 
Class of 1993 


Phillips Academy - Andover

                  That’s Andover made simple for search engines. But simple, Andover is not. Andover is a high school that stands ready to meet, match, and expand the minds and passions of some of the brightest students in the nation and the world. We have a roster of 300 courses, more than 150 electives, and opportunities for pursuing independent study and study abroad projects. Because of our size, Andover offers enormous depth and breadth of activity and opportunity while still feeling like a personal place.

Our energetic, one-of-a-kind educational community ultimately helps young people grow intellectually, artistically, athletically and morally. Smart and curious students from 50 states and 34 countries study with teachers and scholars who are also coaches, mentors, house counselors, advisors and inspirations.

Non sibi. Not for self. Paul Revere forged this motto into Phillips Academy’s original seal 230 years ago. Whether it is helping a classmate with a difficult math homework, taking on a leadership role in a school club, or participating in the dozens of service learning projects that take us into local neighborhoods and around the world, non sibi is a way of life.                




Bachelor's Degree 


Amherst College

                  Amherst College educates men and women of exceptional potential from all backgrounds so that they may seek, value, and advance knowledge, engage the world around them, and lead principled lives of consequence.

Amherst brings together the most promising students, whatever their financial need, in order to promote diversity of experience and ideas within a purposefully small residential community. Working with faculty, staff, and administrators dedicated to intellectual freedom and the highest standards of instruction in the liberal arts, Amherst undergraduates assume substantial responsibility for undertaking inquiry and for shaping their education within and beyond the curriculum.
Amherst College is committed to learning through close colloquy and to expanding the realm of knowledge through scholarly research and artistic creation at the highest level. Its graduates link learning with leadership—in service to the College, to their communities, and to the world beyond.                




MBA 


Harvard University - Harvard Business School

                  Harvard Business School (HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The school offers a large full-time MBA program, doctoral programs, and many executive education programs. It owns Harvard Business School Publishing, which publishes business books, leadership articles, online management tools for corporate learning, case studies, and the monthly Harvard Business Review.                





 Career History



Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    2017 - Current                


CMS Energy Corp.


                  CMS Energy Corp. is a holding company, which engages in business through its subsidiaries. It operates through the following segments: Electric Utility, Gas Utility, and Enterprises. The Electric Utility segment refers to the generation, purchase, transmission, distribution, and sale of electricity. The Gas Utility segment is comprised of the purchase, transmission, storage, distribution, and sale of natural gas The Enterprises segment engages primarily in domestic independent power production, marketing of independent power production, and the development of renewable generation through the various subsidiaries and certain equity investments of the company. The company was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Jackson, MI.                




Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    2017 - Current                


Consumers Energy Company


                  Consumers Energy Co. engages in the provision of electricity and natural gas to Michigan residents. The firm owns and operates electric distribution and generation facilities and gas transmission, storage, and distribution facilities. It serves individuals and businesses operating in the alternative energy, automotive, chemical, metal, and food products industries. The company was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Jackson, MI.                




Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer

                                    2012 - 2016                


ITC Holdings Corp.


                  Welcome to ITC ~ We’re Your Energy Superhighway! ITC Holdings Corp. (NYSE: ITC) invests in the electricity transmission grid to improve electric reliability, expand access to markets, lower the overall cost of delivered energy and allow new generating resources to interconnect to its transmission systems. The largest independent electricity transmission company in the country, ITC operates high-voltage transmission systems in Michigan’s Lower Peninsula and portions of Iowa, Minnesota, Illinois, Missouri and Kansas, serving a combined peak load in excess of 25,000 megawatts through its regulated operating subsidiaries, ITCTransmission, Michigan Electric Transmission Company (METC®), ITC Midwest and ITC Great Plains. ITC also focuses on new areas where significant transmission system improvements are needed through ITC Grid Development and its subsidiaries                




Assistant Treasurer & Director, Corporate Finance & Financial Strategy

                                    Prior                


Exelon Corporation


                  Exelon Corp. operates as a utility services holding company, which engages in the energy generation, power marketing, and energy delivery business. The company operates through the following segments: ComEd, PECO, BGE, Generation's Mid Atlantic, Midwest, New England, New York, ERCOT and other regions in Generation. The ComEd segment engages in energy delivery business, which consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity transmission and distribution services to retail customers in northern Illinois, including the city of Chicago. The PEC segment engages in energy delivery business, which consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity transmission and distribution services to retail customers in southeastern Pennsylvania, including the city of Philadelphia, as well as the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of natural gas distribution services to retail customers in the Pennsylvania counties surrounding the city of Philadelphia. The BG segment engages in energy delivery business, which consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity transmission and distribution services to retail customers in central Maryland, including the city of Baltimore, as well as the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of natural gas distribution services to retail customers in central Maryland, including the city of Baltimore. The Generation business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing business, Constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail customers. Exelon was founded in February 1999 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.                




Vice President, Mergers & Acquisitions

                                    Prior                


Lazard Freres & Co. LLC


                  Lazard Freres & Co. LLC provides corporate advisory, capital market, and asset management services. The company was founded on April 13, 1992 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Bank of America Merrill Lynch


                  Bank of America Merrill Lynch is the corporate and investment banking division of Bank of America. It provides services in mergers and acquisitions, equity and debt capital markets, lending, trading, risk management, research, and liquidity and payments management. It was formed through the combination of the corporate and investment banking activities of Bank of America and Merrill Lynch following the acquisition of the latter by the former in January 2009.                





 Boards & Committees



Non-Profit Boards ▾




Vice Chairman, Board of Governors

                    Current                  


Cranbrook Institute of Science






Alumni Trustee

                    Current                  


Phillips Academy - Andover

                    That’s Andover made simple for search engines. But simple, Andover is not. Andover is a high school that stands ready to meet, match, and expand the minds and passions of some of the brightest students in the nation and the world. We have a roster of 300 courses, more than 150 electives, and opportunities for pursuing independent study and study abroad projects. Because of our size, Andover offers enormous depth and breadth of activity and opportunity while still feeling like a personal place.

Our energetic, one-of-a-kind educational community ultimately helps young people grow intellectually, artistically, athletically and morally. Smart and curious students from 50 states and 34 countries study with teachers and scholars who are also coaches, mentors, house counselors, advisors and inspirations.

Non sibi. Not for self. Paul Revere forged this motto into Phillips Academy’s original seal 230 years ago. Whether it is helping a classmate with a difficult math homework, taking on a leadership role in a school club, or participating in the dozens of service learning projects that take us into local neighborhoods and around the world, non sibi is a way of life.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


McGaw YMCA

                    Founded in 1885, the McGaw YMCA is at the heart of community life in neighborhoods and towns across the nation. They work to meet the health and social service needs of 16.9 million men, women and children.Ys help people develop values and behavior that are consistent with Christian principles. Ys are for people of all faiths, races, abilities, ages and incomes. No one is turned away for inability to pay. YMCAs' strength is in the people they bring together.In the average Y, a volunteer board sets policy for its executive, who manages the operation with full-time and part-time staff and volunteer leaders. Ys meet local community needs through organized activities called programs. In its own way, every Y nurtures the healthy development of children and teens; strengthens families; and makes its community a healthier, safer, better place to live.YMCA programs are tools for building the values of caring, honesty, respect and responsibility. Longtime leaders in community-based health and fitness and aquatics, Ys teach kids to swim, offer exercise classes for people with disabilities and lead adult aerobics. They also offer hundreds of other programs in response to community needs, including camping, child care (the Y movement is the nation's largest not-for-profit provider), teen clubs, environmental programs, substance abuse prevention, youth sports, family nights, job training, international exchange and many more.Organization: Each YMCA is a charitable nonprofit, qualifying under Section 501(c)(3) of the U.S. Tax Code. Each is independent. YMCAs are required by the national constitution to pay annual dues, to refrain from discrimination and to support the YMCA mission. All other decisions are local choices, including programs offered, staffing and style of operation. The national office, called the YMCA of the USA, is in Chicago, with Field offices in California, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Ohio, Indiana, Minnesota and Texas. It is staffed by 241 employees. Its purpose is                  




Director

                    Prior                  


University of Illinois at Chicago - College of Liberal Arts and Sciences






Assistant Treasurer

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Exelon Foundation

                    The Exelon Foundation is an independent, non-profit philanthropic organization funded solely by Exelon Corporation, an energy company, through shareholder dollars. We support non-profit, tax exempt organizations primarily within the service territory of Exelon and its operating companies, including : Illinois, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Texas, and Massachusetts.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$1,000 - $10K

                  2008
                


Spelman College


                  Founded in 1881 as the Atlanta Baptist Female Seminary, it became Spelman College in 1924 and have since held the distinction of being America's oldest historically Black college for women. Now a global leader in the education of women of African descent, Spelman College is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, and they are proud members of the Atlanta University Center Consortium.

Today their student body comprises more than 2,100 students from 41 states and 15 foreign countries. Spelman empowers women to engage the many cultures of the world and inspires a commitment to positive social change through service. They are dedicated to academic excellence in the liberal arts and sciences and the intellectual, creative, ethical and leadership development of their students.

Spelman is proud of its 80-plus percent graduation rate, one of the best in the nation. Their global alumnae network is strong, providing connections and helping hands to graduates as they begin on their path of global engagement.                





 Political Donations



$1,250

                  2012                


William Morten Tong


                  Representative from the 147th District at Connecticut House of Representatives                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Rejji P. Hayes is affiliated with
                            CMS Energy Corp., Consumers Energy Company, ITC Holdings Corp., Exelon Corporation, Lazard Freres & Co. LLC, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Cranbrook Institute of Science, Phillips Academy - Andover, McGaw YMCA, University of Illinois at Chicago - College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, Exelon Foundation.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















Employment Agreement Rejji P. Hayes - Itc Holdings Corp.  - Michigan
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Employment Agreement     > EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Rejji P. Hayes

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Employment Agreement Rejji P. Hayes
Employment Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Employment Agreement involves ITC HOLDINGS CORP. | International Transmission Company | ITC Holdings Corp. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Rejji P. Hayes Governing Law: Michigan      Date: 10/29/2014 Industry: Electric Utilities      Law Firm: Dykema Gossett      Sector: Utilities









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










Exhibit 10.138
 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

Rejji P. Hayes
 

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the
“ Agreement ”) is dated as of October 27,
2014 (the “ Effective Date ”) by and between ITC
Holdings Corp. (the “ Company ”) and Rejji P.
Hayes (the “ Executive ”).

 

WHEREAS, the Executive and the
Company currently are parties to an employment agreement dated as
of December 21, 2012 governing the terms of the
Executive’s employment with the Company (the “ Prior
Employment Agreement ”);

 

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Executive desire to modify certain provisions of the Prior
Employment Agreement.

 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the premises and mutual covenants herein and for other good and
valuable consideration, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the parties agree as follows:

 

1.              
Term of Employment
.  Subject to the provisions of
Section 7 of this Agreement, Executive shall be employed by
the Company, International Transmission Company and any of
their subsidiaries and/or affiliates that the Board of Directors of
the Company (the “ Board ”) shall designate
(collectively, the “ Employer ”) for an initial
period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on
October 27, 2016 on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement; provided , however ,
that such period of employment shall automatically be extended for
successive one-year periods unless the Employer or Executive, at
least thirty (30) days prior to the end of any such period,
provides written notice to the other party of the intent not to
extend such period of employment for any additional one-year
period.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term “
Employment Term ” shall mean the period of time during
which Executive is employed by Employer under this
Agreement.

 

2.              
Position .

 

a.                                      
During the Employment Term,
Executive shall serve as the Employer’s Senior Vice
President.  In such position, Executive shall have such duties
and authority as the Chief Executive Officer of the Employer (the
“ Chief Executive Officer ”) determines from
time to time.  If requested, Executive shall also serve as a
member of the Board without additional compensation.

 

b.                                      
During the Employment Term,
Executive will devote Executive’s full business time and best
efforts to the performance of Executive’s duties hereunder
and will not engage in any other business, profession or occupation
for compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere
with the rendition of such services either directly or indirectly,
without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer;
provided that nothing herein shall preclude Executive,
subject to the prior approval of the Chief Executive Officer, from
accepting appointment to or continue to serve on any board of
directors or trustees of any business corporation or any charitable
organization; provided in each case, and in the
aggregate,
 






 
that such activities do not conflict or
interfere with the performance of Executive’s duties
hereunder or conflict with Section 8 of this
Agreement.

 

3.              
Base Salary
.  During the Employment Term,
the Employer shall pay Executive a base salary at the annual rate
of $325,000.00, payable in regular installments in accordance with
the Employer’s normal payroll practices. 
Executive’s base salary shall be reviewed annually by the
Board and Executive shall be entitled to such increases in
Executive’s base salary, if any, as may be determined from
time to time in the sole discretion of the Board. 
Executive’s annual base salary, as in effect from time to
time, is hereinafter referred to as the “ Base Salary
”.

 

4.              
Annual Bonus
.  During the Employment Term,
Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual bonus award in
respect of each fiscal year of Employer (an “ Annual
Bonus ”), payable upon the Employer’s achievement
of certain performance targets established by the Board and after
application of any multipliers approved by the Board, pursuant to
the terms of an incentive compensation plan established by the
Board (the “ Incentive Plan ”). 
Executive’s target Annual Bonus for each fiscal year of
Employer shall be that percentage of the Executive’s Base
Salary as the Board may establish from time to time (the “
Target Bonus ”), but shall generally be one hundred
percent (100%) of Executive’s Base Salary, plus any
multipliers approved by the Board.  The foregoing
notwithstanding, any Annual Bonus to which Executive is entitled
shall be paid no later than two and a half (2-1/2) months after the
later of the end of the fiscal or calendar year in which such
Annual Bonus is no longer subject to a substantial risk of
forfeiture (as defined under Section 409A of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “ Code ”)
and Internal Revenue Service (“ IRS ”) guidance
issued thereunder).

 

5.              
Employee Benefits and
Perquisites; Business Expenses .

 

a.                                      
Employee Benefits
.  During the Employment Term,
Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Employer’s
employee benefit and retirement plans (the “ ITC Plans
”) as in effect from time to time as determined by the Board,
which provide certain benefits (collectively the “
Employee Benefits ”) to Executive, including the
following plans: (i) welfare benefit plans (including active
medical, life, disability, flexible spending accounts and other
related welfare plans); (ii) fringe benefit plans (including
education assistance and adoption assistance); (iii) retiree
welfare benefit plans (medical and life insurance);
(iv) qualified and non-qualified defined benefit and defined
contribution plans; and (v) vacation plans (except that there
shall be limitations set on the amount of vacation that Executive
may carry forward from any given calendar year to the
next).

 

b.                                      
Perquisites
. During the Employment Term,
Executive shall also be entitled to receive such perquisites as are
generally provided to executives of the Employer from time to time,
as determined by the Board (or a compensation committee
thereof).

 

c.                                       
Business Expenses
.  During the Employment Term,
reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in the
performance of Executive’s duties hereunder shall be
reimbursed by the Employer in accordance with the Employer’s
policies; provided that such reimbursement shall in any event occur
no later than ninety (90) days after the date on which an eligible
business expense is incurred.
 
2 





 

6.              
Equity Participation
.  Executive’s equity
participation in the Company has been or will be documented
pursuant to some or all of the 2003 Stock Purchase and Option Plan
for Key Employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the
associated Management Stockholder’s Agreement, the Second
Amended and Restated ITC Holdings Corp. 2006 Long Term Incentive
Plan and the associated Amendment to Management Stockholder’s
Agreement, and in one or more Stock Option, Restricted Stock Award
and Sale Participation Agreements associated therewith, each as
executed by the Executive, the Company, and its shareholders, as
applicable (such documents, collectively, the “ Equity
Documents ”).  The Company and Executive each
acknowledges that the terms and conditions of the aforementioned
documents govern Executive’s acquisition, vesting, holding,
sale or other disposition of Executive’s equity in the
Company, and Executive’s and the Company’s rights with
respect thereto.

 

7.              
Termination
.  Executive’s employment
hereunder may be terminated by either party at any time and for any
reason, subject to the applicable provisions of this
Section 7; provided that Executive will be required to
give the Employer at least 30 days advance written notice of any
resignation of Executive’s employment; and provided ,
further , that the Employer will be required to give
Executive at least ten (10) business days advance notice of a
termination of Executive’s employment by the Employer without
Cause (other than in the event of Executive’s Disability)
(the “ Employer Notice Period ”), unless the
Employer provides Executive with a payment equal to the Base Salary
that would otherwise be payable in respect of any portion of the
Employer Notice Period which the Employer elects to waive. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (and except
as may otherwise be provided in the Equity Documents), the
provisions of this Section 7 shall exclusively govern
Executive’s rights upon termination of employment with the
Employer.

 

a.                                      
By the Employer For Cause or By
Executive Resignation Without Good Reason .

 

(i)  Executive’s
employment hereunder may be terminated by the Employer for Cause
(as defined below) and shall terminate automatically upon
Executive’s resignation without Good Reason.

 

(ii)  For purposes of this
Agreement, “ Cause ” shall mean
(A) Executive’s continued failure substantially to
perform Executive’s duties hereunder (other than as a result
of total or partial incapacity due to physical or mental illness)
for a period of 10 days following written notice by the Employer to
Executive of such failure, (B) dishonesty in the performance
of Executive’s duties hereunder, (C) Executive’s
conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to a crime
constituting (x) a felony under the laws of the United States
or any state thereof or (y) a misdemeanor involving moral
turpitude, (D) Executive’s willful malfeasance or
willful misconduct in connection with Executive’s duties
hereunder or any act or omission which is injurious to the
financial condition or business reputation of the Employer or
affiliates or (E) Executive’s breach of the provisions
of Sections 8 or 9 of this Agreement.

 

(iii)  If Executive’s
employment is terminated by the Employer for Cause or if Executive
resigns without Good Reason (other than due to a Disability, as
such term is defined below), Executive shall be entitled to
receive:

 

(A)                                
any Base Salary earned through the
date of termination,

 
3 





 

payable at such time(s) as the
Base Salary would otherwise be payable in accordance with the
normal payroll practices of the Employer;

 

(B)                               
any Annual Bonus earned but unpaid
as of the date of termination for any previously completed fiscal
year, payable in a lump sum at such time as such Annual Bonus would
normally be paid under the Incentive Plan as provided in
Section 4 hereof;

 

(C)                               
reimbursement for any unreimbursed
business expenses properly incurred by Executive through the date
of termination, payable at such time(s) and in accordance with
the Employer’s policy prior to the date of Executive’s
termination; provided that such reimbursement shall in any event
occur no later than ninety (90) days after the date on which an
eligible business expense is incurred; and

 

(D)                               
such Employee Benefits, if any, as
to which Executive may be entitled under the applicable ITC Plans
upon termination of employment hereunder.

 

The payments and benefits described
in clauses (A) through (D) hereof are referred to,
collectively, as the “ Accrued Rights
”.

 
Following such termination of Executive’s
employment by the Employer for Cause or resignation by Executive
without Good Reason, except as set forth in this
Section 7(a)(iii), Executive shall have no further rights to
any compensation or any other benefits under this
Agreement.
 

b.                                      
Disability or Death
.

 

(i)  Executive’s
employment hereunder shall terminate upon Executive’s death,
and may be terminated by the Employer if Executive experiences a
“ Disability ” (as such term shall be defined
from time to time under Code Section 409A).  Any question
as to the existence of the Disability of Executive as to which
Executive and the Employer cannot agree shall be determined in
writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to
Executive and the Employer.  If Executive and the Employer
cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall
appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a
third who shall make such determination in writing.  The
determination of Disability made in writing to the Employer and
Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of the
Agreement.

 

(ii)  Upon termination of
Executive’s employment hereunder for Disability or death,
Executive, Executive’s then spouse, or Executive’s
estate (as the case may be), shall be entitled to
receive:

 

(A)                                               
the Accrued Rights; and

 

(B)                                                
a pro rata portion of the Target
Bonus (calculated based on the number of days Executive was
employed hereunder during the calendar

 
4 





 

year in which the date of such
termination of employment occurs, relative to the applicable full
calendar year), payable in a lump sum within fifteen (15) business
days after the date of such termination of employment.

 
Following Executive’s termination of
employment due to death or Disability, except as set forth in this
Section 7(b)(ii), Executive shall have no further rights to
any compensation or any other benefits under this
Agreement.
 

c.                                       
By the Employer Without Cause or
by Executive Resignation for Good Reason .

 

(i)  Executive’s
employment hereunder may be terminated (A) by the Employer
without Cause (which shall not include Executive’s
termination of employment due to death or Disability), or
(B) or by Executive for Good Reason (as defined
below).

 

(ii)  For purposes of this
Agreement, “ Good Reason ” shall mean (A) a
greater than 10% reduction in the total value of Executive’s
Base Salary, Target Bonus, and Employee Benefits, or
(B) Executive’s job responsibility and authority are
substantially diminished; and provided, further, that “
Good Reason ” shall cease to exist for an event
unless:

 

(C)                         
no later than the 60
th  day following the initial existence of
such Good Reason condition, Executive has given the Employer
written notice thereof ;

 

(D)                         
the Employer is afforded a period of
thirty (30) days to remedy the condition; and

 

(E)                          
in the absence of any such remedy,
the Executive terminates employment within one hundred eighty (180)
days following the end of the cure period described in
(D) above.

 

(iii)  If Executive’s
employment is terminated by the Employer without Cause (other than
by reason of Executive’s death or Disability) or by Executive
for Good Reason, subject to Executive’s execution of a
release of all claims against Employer as provided in
Section 7(e)(ii), Executive shall be entitled to
receive:

 

(A)                               
the Accrued Rights;

 

(B)                               
a pro rata portion of the Target
Bonus (calculated based on the number of days Executive was
employed hereunder during the calendar year in which the date of
such termination of employment occurs, relative to the applicable
full calendar year), payable based upon the Employer’s actual
achievement of the performance targets for such year as determined
under and at the time that such an Annual Bonus (if any) would
normally be paid as set forth in Section 4 hereof;

 

(C)                               
one or both of the following series
of payments:

 
5 





 

(I) continued payment in
substantially equal installments and in accordance with the normal
payroll practices of Employer, for a period of two (2) years
following the date of termination of Executive’s employment
hereunder (the “ Severance Period ”), of
Executive’s annual rate of Base Salary as in effect
immediately prior to such termination; and

 

(II) in the event that
Executive’s employment is terminated hereunder within a
period beginning six (6) months before and ending two
(2) years after a Change in Control occurs, Executive shall
receive the following additional amount: an amount equal to two
(2) times the average of each of the Annual Bonuses that were
payable to Executive (including any portion of any such Annual
Bonus the receipt of which Executive elected to defer) for the
three fiscal years immediately preceding the fiscal year in which
Executive’s employment terminates, payable in substantially
equal installments and in accordance with the normal payroll
practices of Employer, over the period during which the
Executive’s Base Salary will continue to be paid pursuant to
the foregoing provisions of this
Section 7(c)(iii)(C) (or, if applicable, over the
remaining period during which such Base Salary payments will be
made, in the event the Executive’s termination occurs within
the six (6) month period before any such Change in Control
occurs, beginning with the first payment due thirty (30) days after
the Change in Control occurs);

 

(D)                                         
continued provision of those
applicable Employee Benefits that are medical, dental and vision
benefits which are required to be made available by the Employer
pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act
(“ COBRA ”); provided that all applicable COBRA
coverage rules must be followed by Executive in order to
continue such coverage(s) (including Executive’s timely
payment of the entire applicable COBRA premium to the Plan
Administrator), or the coverage(s) will be terminated. 
The Employer agrees to reimburse Executive for a portion of his
applicable COBRA premium costs during that period ending on the
earlier of (I) the date Executive is eligible (even if he does
not enroll) for coverage under another employer-sponsored group
health plan in connection with other employment obtained after
Executive’s termination hereunder; or (II) eighteen (18)
months after the date of termination of Executive’s
employment hereunder.  The Employer’s COBRA
reimbursement amount shall be paid to Executive each payroll period
(in accordance with the normal payroll practices of Employer, but
subject to any applicable limitations on payments to a
“specified employee” within the meaning of Code
Section 409A, as set forth below) as a taxable amount equal to
the sum of (III) the Employer’s portion of the premium
payments due with

 
6 






 

respect to other executives with the
same coverage(s) for such payroll period, plus (IV) such
additional amount as is required to pay any income and/or payroll
taxes due on the sum of the premium payment and the additional tax
gross-up payment (as determined by the Employer’s independent
accountants, assuming that the Executive pays income taxes at the
highest applicable marginal rates for the calendar year in which
such payments are to be made); and

 

(E)                                
outplacement services of a duration
of up to two (2) years from the date of termination (or until
such earlier date on which Executive obtains other employment), and
at a level commensurate with Executive’s former position with
the Employer, and by a provider as determined by the Employer in
good faith.

 
The foregoing notwithstanding, in the event
Executive is a “specified employee” within the meaning
of Code Section 409A and in accordance with the involuntary
“separation pay plan” exception under the Code
Section 409A regulations, the total of all amounts paid to
Executive pursuant to Sections 7(c)(iii)(C) and
(D) hereof (and any other amount payable pursuant to this
Section 7(c)(iii) that constitutes a payment under a
“nonqualified deferred compensation plan” within the
meaning of Code Section 409A) within the first six
(6) months following such termination pursuant to this
subsection shall not exceed two times the lesser of (I) the
sum of the Executive’s annualized compensation based upon the
annual rate of pay for services provided to the Employer for the
calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the termination
occurs (adjusted for any increase during that year that was
expected to continue indefinitely, if the Executive had not
terminated), or (II) the Code Section 401(a)(17) limit on
compensation for the calendar year in which the Executive
terminates.  To the extent a portion of any such amount
exceeds such limitation, the payment shall not commence until the
first business day following the date that is six months after the
date of termination of Executive’s employment hereunder (the
period during which such payments may be limited under Code
Section 409A, the “ 409A Period ”), at
which time Employer shall (III) pay to Executive, in one lump
sum, an amount equal to all such amounts that would otherwise have
been payable during the 409A Period, and (IV) thereafter
continue to pay the remaining unpaid portion of any such amounts in
accordance with the normal payroll practices of Employer, at the
time or through the end of the period(s) otherwise provided
above in this subsection.
 
Following Executive’s termination of
employment by the Employer without Cause (other than by reason of
Executive’s death or Disability) or by Executive for Good
Reason, except as set forth in this Section 7(c)(iii),
Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any
other benefits under this Agreement.
 

d.                                      
Notice of Termination
.  Any purported termination of
employment by the Employer or by Executive (other than due to
Executive’s death) shall be communicated by written Notice of
Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with
Section 12(h) hereof.  For purposes of this
Agreement, a “ Notice of Termination ” shall
mean a notice which shall indicate the specific termination
provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in
reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a
basis for termination of employment under the provision so
indicated.
 
7 





 

e.                                       
Board/Committee Resignation;
Execution of Release of all Claims .

 

(i)  Upon termination of
Executive’s employment for any reason, Executive agrees to
resign, as of the date of such termination and to the extent
applicable, from the Board (and any committees thereof) and the
board of directors (and any committees thereof) of any of the
Company’s affiliates.

 

(ii)  Upon termination of
Executive’s employment for any reason, Executive agrees to
execute a release (the “ Release ”) of all
claims against the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates,
shareholders, directors, officers, employees, and agents,
substantially in a form to be provided to Executive by Employer at
such time.  Notwithstanding anything set forth in this
Agreement to the contrary, upon termination of Executive’s
employment for any reason, Executive shall not receive any payments
or benefits to which Executive may be entitled hereunder (other
than those which by law cannot be subject to the execution of a
release): (A) if Executive does not execute or otherwise
revokes such Release; or (B) in the event Executive does
execute the Release, until eight (8) days after the date
Executive executes such Release (or until such other later date
after which applicable law may provide that Executive cannot revoke
such Release).  Subject to the foregoing, if by no later than
forty-five (45) days after the date of termination of
Executive’s employment for any reason hereunder, Executive
has (C) not executed or has otherwise revoked such Release, or
(D) Executive has executed the Release but the applicable
revocation period referred to in the preceding sentence has not
lapsed, then Executive shall in either case totally forfeit all
payments and benefits to which Executive may be entitled under this
Agreement (other than those which by law cannot be subject to the
execution of a release), but this Agreement shall otherwise remain
in full force and effect.  In the event that prior to the end
of such forty-five (45) day period, Executive has properly executed
such Release, has not revoked the Release, and the applicable
revocation period for the Release has lapsed, the payments and
benefits due to Executive hereunder shall commence being paid or
provided with the next scheduled payment date following the end of
such revocation period; provided all payments that would otherwise
have become due prior to such date shall be accumulated and paid
when the first payment is made hereunder.  The foregoing
notwithstanding, in the event the forty-five (4


 








 














	Rejji P. Hayes to Join ITC Holdings Corp. as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer



































 
Menu



+



Projects and Initiatives


View All


ITC Michigan Projects


Ann Arbor Transmission Line Project




ITC Midwest Projects


ITC Great Plains Projects




Our Customers


Case Studies


Hemlock Semiconductor Case Study


Gratiot County Wind Farm Interconnection Case Study






A Modern Power Grid


About The National Power Grid


Generation


Transmission


Oversight of Transmission


Paying for Transmission




Importance of Modernization


Allowing for Renewable Energy


Transmission Q&A


Clean Power Future




Power Grid History




Why ITC


Planning & Engineering Expertise


Safety


Reliability


A Secure Grid


Operations & Maintenance


Project Planning & Experience




Community Approach


Environmental Stewardship


Environmental Projects and Causes


Lakeplain Environmental Efforts


Goodwill Copper Donation


Crow Island Bird Diverters






Vegetation Management


Philanthropy


Philanthropy Guidelines


Eligible Counties




Community Partners & Recognitions


Safety


Community Commitment


Community_Stem


Young Artists in K-Zoo


A Home on the Range


Special Dreams Farm


Focus HOPE Village Freedom School


City Year Detroit


ITC Charitable Giving Highlights


ITC Supports Arbor Day Celebration






Contact Directory


Site Map






About Us


Newsroom


Contact Us




















Contact Us

















About Us


Newsroom


Contact Us









Projects and Initiatives


Our Customers


A Modern Power Grid


Why ITC


Community Approach








Newsroom
















ITC Home/ Newsroom












Rejji P. Hayes to Join ITC Holdings Corp. as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer

            Feb 17, 2012
        





NOVI, Mich., Feb. 17, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ITC Holdings Corp. (ITC) today announced that Rejji P. Hayes will join the company on Feb. 20 as vice president, finance and treasurer.  In this position, Hayes will report to 
Cameron Bready
, ITC's executive vice president and chief financial officer.  Hayes will be responsible for all treasury and cash management activities, financial planning and analysis, management reporting and risk management and insurance functions for the company.
"Rejji brings a plethora of experience and expertise in corporate finance, financial strategy and corporate development to ITC," said Bready. "He will fill a key leadership role in the company's corporate finance organization and will be an invaluable asset as we further our strategy, advance our development initiatives and implement our previously announced transaction with Entergy Corporation."
Hayes most recently served as assistant treasurer and director, corporate finance and financial strategy at Exelon Corporation in Chicago where he was responsible for developing the company's financial strategy and planning, structuring and executing debt and equity financings. Prior to his role at Exelon, Hayes served as vice president, mergers and acquisitions at Lazard Freres & Co. LLC where he assessed strategic opportunities, performed valuations and led merger and acquisitions transactions for corporate clients.
Hayes holds a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School and a Bachelor of Arts from Amherst College.
About ITC Holdings Corp.
ITC Holdings Corp. (NYSE: ITC) is the nation's largest independent electric transmission company. Based in Novi, Michigan, ITC invests in the electric transmission grid to improve reliability, expand access to markets, lower the overall cost of delivered energy and allow new generating resources to interconnect to its transmission systems. ITC's regulated operating subsidiaries include ITCTransmission, Michigan Electric Transmission Company, ITC Midwest and ITC Great Plains. Through these subsidiaries, ITC owns and operates high-voltage transmission facilities in Michigan, Iowa, Minnesota, Illinois, Missouri and Kansas, serving a combined peak load exceeding 26,000 megawatts along 15,000 circuit miles of transmission line. Through ITC Grid Development and its subsidiaries, the company also focuses on expansion in areas where significant transmission system improvements are needed. For more information, please visit ITC's website.
(itc-ITC)
SOURCE ITC Holdings Corp.
News Provided by Acquire Media













        Sort News by Operating Company:
ITC Michigan
ITC Midwest
ITC Great Plains







	 












        Media Resources:
ITC Fact Sheets
ITC Logos
ITC Photos & Videos
Fortis Transaction Materials







	 












        For Investors:
Financial News Releases
SEC Financial Reports




































Rejji P. Hayes – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending May 5, 2017
Posted on May 8, 2017 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Nordstrom, Inc.
HBC
Shake Shack Inc.


Asbury Automotive Group, Inc.
Lumileds
BIOLASE, Inc.


Fourthstone LLC
Light Engine Design Corp.
M. A. Mortenson Company


RPX Corporation
AdvancedMD
Molina Healthcare, Inc.


California Life Sciences Association
Hometeam
SWBC


Sgsco
CMS Energy
Welbilt, Inc.


BancorpSouth, Inc.
USANA Health Sciences
Canvas Solutions


Galaxy Gaming, Inc.
PLx Pharma Inc.
FRONTEO USA, Inc.


T2 Biosystems, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NOTE: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Nordstrom, Inc. [SEATTLE] announced that Anne Bramman is joining the company as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). She replaces Mike Koppel, who is retiring. Ms. Bramman comes to Nordstrom from Avery Dennison Corporation where she has served as Senior Vice President and CFO since 2015. She previously held the CFO position at Carnival Cruise Line and was CFO of Henri Bendel.
HBC [TORONTO & NEW YORK] (TSX: HBC) announced that the company’s Chief Financial Officer, Paul Beesley, has made the decision to resign. Mr. Beesley moved to New York to join HBC as CFO in May 2014.
Shake Shack Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: SHAK) announced that Tara Comonte has been appointed to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Shake Shack, Ms. Comonte served as Chief Financial & Business Affairs Officer and Executive Vice President at Getty Images, having joined in April 2013 as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President. Earlier in her career, Ms. Comonte served as Chief Financial Officer at McCann Worldgroup. Previously, she was a key founding member of Mediabrands, serving there as Global CFO and COO.
Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. [DULUTH, Ga.] (NYSE: ABG) announced that Sean D. Goodman will join the company as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Goodman joins the Company from Unifi, Inc., where he served as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer since January 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Goodman was the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Americas region for Landis+Gyr, Inc., from April 2011 to January 2016. Mr. Goodman also served in various roles at The Home Depot, Inc. from February 2006 to April 2011, including Director of Strategic Business Development and Director of Finance. Before joining Home Depot, he was with Morgan Stanley, Inc.
Lumileds [SAN JOSE, Calif.] announced the appointment of Ilan Daskal as its Chief Financial Officer.
BIOLASE, Inc. [IRVINE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: BIOL) announced that it has accepted the resignation of recently named Chief Financial Officer Mark J. Nelson. The Company will be initiating a search for a Chief Financial Officer. Until a replacement is named, day-to-day finance responsibilities will be handled by the Company’s long-tenured Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller Brendan O’Connell.
Fourthstone LLC [ST LOUIS] has named Rob Anderson to the position of Chief Financial Officer and appointed him a member of the firm’s Investment Committee. Anderson most recently served as Chief Financial Officer for PetSmart, after a stint at Save-A-Lot. Prior to Save-A-Lot, Mr. Anderson served as the Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Director of Finance for Chipotle Mexican Grill joining prior to their IPO. Mr. Anderson has also worked at Career Education Corporation as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, American InterContinental University Division and held leadership positions with McDonald’s Corporation over the 12 years he worked there.
Light Engine Design Corp. [FARMER’S BRANCH, TX] (OTC PINK: TLED) announced the appointment of Paul O. Williams as the company’s Chairman and CFO, and to the Board of Directors. Previously, Paul served five years on the Board of the Texas Economic Development Council in Austin, Texas. In addition to his new role with Light Engine Design Corp., he also currently serves as Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer of Bison Financial Group, Inc. Mr. Williams also currently serves as Vice Chairman of the Board & Chief Financial Officer of: Dynamic Chemical Solutions, Inc., Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., Curtis Mathes, Inc., and Halo Companies, Inc. Mr. Williams currently serves as Chairman of the Board & Chief Financial Officer of Urban Vybe Holdings, Inc. He also currently serves as Chairman of the Board of: the Texas Revolution, Indoor Football League, and Day One Consulting, Inc., and he currently serves on the Advisory Board of the Texas Legends, NBA Development League. In addition, Mr. Williams currently serves on the Board of Directors & Executive Committee of the Frisco Chamber of Commerce, and previously served as their Chairman of the Board. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of The American Fallen Soldiers Project.
Lois Martin
M.A. Mortenson Company [MINNEAPOLIS] announced that Lois Martin has joined the company as its chief financial officer. Martin assumes the role following the retirement of long-time CFO Sandy Sponem. Lois most recently served as executive vice president and CFO at Ceridian Corporation. Prior to her role at Ceridian, Martin held CFO roles at Capella Education Company and Deluxe Corporation.
RPX Corporation [SAN FRANCISCO] (NASDAQ: RPXC) announced that current CFO Robert Heath will be transitioning to Chief Strategy Officer, and that SVP David Anderson will be assuming the CFO role.
AdvancedMD [SOUTH JORDAN, UT] announced that Greg Ayers is the company’s new chief financial officer. Ayers joins AdvancedMD after eight years at inContact.
Molina Healthcare, Inc. [LONG BEACH, Calif.] (NYSE: MOH) announced that Joseph W. White, Chief Accounting Officer, has been named Interim President and Chief Executive Officer replacing Dr. J. Mario Molina. The Board will immediately commence the search process for a permanent CEO. Mr. White has also been named Chief Financial Officer, replacing John C. Molina. Mr. White has served as Molina Healthcare’s Chief Accounting Officer since June 2003. Prior to joining Molina, Mr. White was the Chief Financial Officer of Maxicare Health Plans, Inc., where he was also a member of the Board of Directors.
California Life Sciences Association [SAN FRANCISCO & SAN DIEGO] announced that Jayne McNicol has been appointed to the position of chief financial officer. Prior to joining CLSA, McNicol most recently served as Partner, Assurance Services at Ernst & Young LLP for 15 years. Prior to serving as Partner, she served in a variety of other positions of increasing responsibility in Ernst & Young LLP’s Assurance Services.
Tom Etergino
Hometeam [NEW YORK] announced that Tom Etergino will be joining as the company’s first-ever Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Etergino joins Hometeam from Refinery29, where he started in 2013. Prior to that Etergino was CFO of TheStreet, CFO/COO of eMusic.com, took AtriCure public as CFO in 2005, and spent 5 years as CAO & treasurer at DoubleClick.
SWBC [SAN ANTONIO] announced the promotion of Karen Meriwether to Chief Financial Officer. Meriwether joined SWBC in 2015 as Vice President of Internal Audit and Chief Audit Executive. Meriwether’s professional experience also includes serving as the Director of Internal Audit for the Texas Windstorm Insurance Association (Windstorm) and the Texas Fair Plan Insurance Association (Fair Plan). Before that, she was Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer for Argo Group.
Chris Black
Sgsco [LOUISVILLE, Ky.] has hired Chris Black as the company’s new executive vice president and chief financial officer. Black joins sgsco from Viamedia, Inc., where he served as CFO. Prior to Viamedia, Black was CFO and a member of the board of directors of Vivint, Inc. Prior to Vivint, Chris was the CFO for American Commercial Lines. Chris also held the position of vice president and treasurer at Wabash National Corporation and held several senior positions within the corporate and investment banking sector where he began his career.
CMS Energy and Consumers Energy [JACKSON, Mich.] announced that Thomas (Tom) J. Webb has been named Vice Chairman, after 15 years as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer where he played a vital role on the team which led CMS Energy’s financial turnaround and growth. Webb also announced plans to retire. Rejji P. Hayes, former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ITC Holdings, Inc. (ITC), will succeed Webb as CMS Energy and Consumers Energy Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Hayes joined ITC in Novi, MI as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer in 2012 and served as Chief Financial Officer from 2014 to 2016. Prior to joining ITC Holdings Corp., Hayes held strategy and financial leadership roles for Exelon Corporation, Lazard Freres & Co., Banc of America Securities and Merrill Lynch.
Haresh Shah
Welbilt, Inc. [NEW PORT RICHEY, Fla.] (NYSE: WBT) announced that Haresh Shah is promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Shah will assume the leadership of Welbilt’s finance organization from John Stewart, who will be retiring. Shah joined Welbilt in June 2016 as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to Welbilt, Shah was Vice President, Corporate Controller for Syniverse Technologies Inc. from 2012 to June 2016. Before Syniverse, he held various financial leadership roles at Amkor Technology, Inc. from 2008 to 2012 and Alcatel-Lucent S.A. from 2000 to 2008. From 1995 to 2000, he was an Audit Manager for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
BancorpSouth, Inc. [TUPELO, Miss.] (NYSE: BXS) announced John G. Copeland has joined the company as Senior Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer.
Doug Hekking
USANA Health Sciences [SALT LAKE CITY] (NYSE: USNA) announced the promotion of Doug Hekking to chief financial officer. He replaces Paul Jones. Doug recently held the position of executive vice president of finance and has served the company in several management positions, including as chief financial officer between May 2011 and December 2012. He has been with the company since 1992.
Canvas Solutions [RESTON, VA] announced Ted Ridgway as its new Chief Financial Officer. Ridgway joins Canvas from Kit Check, where he was CFO/COO. He started his career as an investment banker for Salomon Brothers, Volpe Brown Whelan and Credit Suisse First Boston and has served as CFO, COO and General Manager at several companies including Radisys, Impact Displays and Credit.com.
Galaxy Gaming, Inc. [LAS VEGAS] (OTC: GLXZ) announced that Harry C. Hagerty has joined the Company in the position of Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mr. Hagerty will oversee Compliance, IT and Human Resources. Mr. Hagerty served as investment banker covering the gaming and lodging industries and was CFO of Caesars Entertainment, Inc. and Global Cash Access Holdings, Inc.  He was a founder of and currently serves as an officer and director of Sightline Payments, LLC.
PLx Pharma Inc. [HOUSTON] (NASDAQ: PLXP) announced the appointment of Rita M. O’Connor as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Ms. O’Connor succeeds David Jorden, who has served as the Company’s Acting CFO since June 2015 and previously served as a PLx board member since 2005. Ms. O’Connor joins PLx from the Kent Place School, where she has served as CFO since 2013. She was previously the CFO and Chief Information Officer at Xanodyne Pharmaceuticals, prior to which she was Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Adams Respiratory Therapeutics. Earlier in her career she held positions of increasing responsibility during an eight-year tenure at Schering-Plough Corporation. She began her career at Deloitte and Touche.
FRONTEO USA, Inc. [SAN FRANCISCO] (NASDAQ: FTEO) (TSE: 2158) announced the appointment of Michael Novelly as Chief Financial Officer of FRONTEO USA. Novelly comes to FRONTEO USA with nearly 30 years of experience at companies including Dolby Laboratories and Time Warner, Inc., as well as professional services firms including KPMG and Deloitte. Novelly most recently served as CFO of Gracenote.
T2 Biosystems, Inc. [LEXINGTON, Mass.] announced that Darlene Deptula-Hicks has been named senior vice president and chief financial officer. Ms. Deptula-Hicks was most recently CFO and senior vice president at Pieris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Prior to Pieris, Ms. Deptula-Hicks served as the CFO for a variety of biotechnology and medical device companies.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending May 27, 2016
Posted on May 31, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Best Buy
ConAgra Foods, Inc.
Hormel Foods Corporation


Choice Hotels International, Inc.
Sears Holdings Corporation
BlueHornet


Rizo Lopez Foods Inc.
Arizona Polymer Flooring
Steel Partners Holdings L.P.


Evariant
Trinseo
Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.


Verisk Analytics, Inc.
Varian Medical Systems
Entellus Medical, Inc.


Core Security
GAWK Inc.
Actiance


Forward Air Corporation
Rubicon Project
W. R. Berkley Corporation


MassMutual Financial Group
Vanguard
Wellesley Bancorp, Inc.


Cynosure, Inc.
XPEL Technologies Corp.
ITC Holdings Corp.


Dorman Products, Inc.
Rambus Inc.
iStar Inc.


Granbury Solutions
Beam Suntory
Edison International


Qorvo®
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc.
Heritage Insurance Holdings, Inc.


KEYW Holding Corporation
Washington Federal, Inc.
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory


KVH Industries, Inc.
Willis Lease Finance Corporation




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Best Buy [MINNEAPOLIS] announced that Sharon McCollam, the company’s chief administrative and chief financial officer, will be stepping down. Corie Barry, a 16-year veteran of Best Buy and its current chief strategic growth officer, will become the company’s chief financial officer.
ConAgra Foods, Inc. [OMAHA, Neb.] (NYSE: CAG) announced that its executive vice president and chief financial officer, John Gehring, will retire after 14 years of service with the company. Gehring joined the company in 2002, and assumed the role of executive vice president and chief financial officer in early 2009. Before joining ConAgra Foods, John was a partner with Ernst & Young. He also held auditing positions with PepsiCo and KPMG.
Hormel Foods Corporation [AUSTIN, Minn.] (NYSE: HRL) announced that Jody H. Feragen will retire as executive vice president and chief financial officer, and as a member of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors elected James N. Sheehan to be the company’s next senior vice president and chief financial officer. Sheehan was most recently elected as vice president and chief accounting officer for the company. In 1998, he became president of Hormel Financial Services. Prior to being named to his current position, Sheehan was treasurer at Hormel Foods and served as vice president and controller for 16 years. He is involved in industry organizations including the Financial Executive Institute and the Institute of Management Accountants.
Choice Hotels International, Inc. [ROCKVILLE, Md.] (NYSE: CHH) announced that David L. White will be transitioning from the company and will pursue other professional opportunities. Mr. White will step down as CFO on June 3rd but will remain with the company to assist with the CFO transition prior to his planned departure before the end of 2016.
Sears Holdings Corporation [HOFFMAN ESTATES, Ill.] (NASDAQ: SHLD) announced that its Chief Financial Officer, Robert Schriesheim, will be departing from his position with the Company.
BlueHornet [SAN DIEGO] announced that Claire Long has joined the company as its chief financial officer (CFO). She joins BlueHornet from Covario, where she served as CFO and COO until its purchase by the Dentsu Aegis Network. Prior to that, she was CFO at The San Diego Union Tribune. Previously, she was CFO of Visual Sciences.
Rizo Lopez Foods Inc. [Modesto, California] announced the appointment of Roy E. Christiansen as its new CFO.
Arizona Polymer Flooring [GLENDALE, Ariz.] announced Shannon Warner has been appointed to the company’s leadership team as chief financial officer. Prior to joining APF, Warner had a decade-long career at an automotive aftermarket accessory wholesaler and distributor, most recently as CFO.
Steel Partners Holdings L.P. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: SPLP) announced that the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, James F. McCabe, Jr., resigned to pursue other interests. Mr. McCabe has also resigned as Chief Financial Officer of SPLP’s affiliates Handy & Harman Ltd. (NASDAQ: HNH) (“HNH”) and Steel Excel Inc. (OTC: SXCL) (“SXCL”). Douglas B. Woodworth, Vice President and Controller of HNH, has been promoted internally and will replace Mr. McCabe as Chief Financial Officer of SPLP as well as of HNH and SXCL. Prior to joining SPLP, Mr. Woodworth was Vice President and Corporate Controller with SunEdison, Inc., as well as Vice President and Corporate Controller of Globe Specialty Metals, Inc. Prior to that, Mr. Woodworth held positions of increasing responsibility with Praxair, Inc. Mr. Woodworth began his career with KPMG LLP.
Evariant [FARMINGTON, Conn.] announced that Andrew P. Keenan has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Keenan joins Evariant from PeopleFluent, where he served as CFO. Prior to PeopleFluent, Keenan was CFO and treasurer of Carbonite.

Trinseo [BERWYN, Pa.] (NYSE: TSE) has named Barry Niziolek as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the company. Niziolek was most recently Vice President and Controller at DuPont. During his 34 years at DuPont, he held a wide range of Finance roles, including as CFO for the titanium and coatings businesses, as well as CFO for the crop protection business. He also served as finance director for DuPont’s Mexico operations. He began his career at KPMG as a senior auditor.

Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: ARI) announced the Board of Directors appointed Jai Agarwal to the positions of Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company. Mr. Agarwal will replace Megan Gaul, who is resigning. Prior to joining ARI, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of CM Finance Inc. Prior to CM Finance Inc., Mr. Agarwal held positions in finance and accounting at Capital Trust, The Blackstone Group, LP and iStar Financial, Inc. He is a Certified Public Accountant.
Verisk Analytics, Inc. [JERSEY CITY, N.J.] (NASDAQ: VRSK) announced Eva Huston, currently Verisk’s treasurer and chief knowledge officer, will succeed Mark Anquillare as chief financial officer.
Varian Medical Systems [PALO ALTO, Calif] (NYSE: VAR) announced Clarence Verhoef, as Chief Financial Officer of its new spin-off company, Varian Imaging Components.
Entellus Medical, Inc. [PLYMOUTH, Minn.] (NASDAQ: ENTL) announced the appointment of Brent Moen as Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary.  Thomas Griffin, the Company’s current CFO, is assuming the newly created position of Vice President of Finance. Previously, Mr. Moen served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ABRA Auto Body & Glass. Prior to his role at ABRA Auto Body & Glass, Mr. Moen served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Regis Corporation.
Core Security [ATLANTA] announced that Curtis Cain has joined the company as its Chief Financial Officer. Cain most recently worked at iHealth Technologies, which is now Cotiviti Healthcare. He also brings experience from enterprise software companies Infor, Intradiem, XcelleNet and A.D.A.M. Software. Earlier in his career, Cain served as a captain in the United States Marine Corps.
GAWK Inc. [LOS ANGELES, CA.] (OTC PINK: GAWK) announced that Christopher G. Hall has accepted the position of Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Actiance [REDWOOD CITY, CA.] announced the appointment of Naresh Bansal as chief financial officer. Naresh has held executive finance positions at start-up to late stage companies, including Zscaler, Satmetrix Systems, Sage Software, and ACCPAC International. Most recently, Naresh served as vice president of Finance at Zscaler.
Forward Air Corporation [GREENEVILLE, Tenn.] (NASDAQ: FWRD) announced that Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Rodney L. Bell, will retire after 25 years with the Company. Michael J. Morris will succeed Mr. Bell as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Morris is currently the Senior Vice President of Finance & Treasurer of XPO Logistics, Inc. in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President of Finance & Treasurer of Con-Way, Inc. and Chief Financial Officer of Kulicke & Soffa Industries.
Rubicon Project [LOS ANGELES] (NYSE: RUBI) announced that Chief Financial Officer Todd Tappin has resigned. Current Chief Accounting Officer David Day has been named interim CFO. Day joined the company in 2013. Prior to joining Rubicon Project, Day was Chief Accounting Officer at ReachLocal, and Senior Vice President of Finance at Overture and at Yahoo Search Marketing.
W. R. Berkley Corporation [GREENWICH, Conn.] (NYSE: WRB) announced that Richard M. Baio has been named senior vice president and chief financial officer. He succeeds Eugene G. Ballard. Mr. Baio most recently served as the Company’s vice president and treasurer. Prior to joining the Company, he served as a director in Merrill Lynch & Co.’s financial institutions investment banking group and as a partner in Ernst & Young’s insurance practice.
MassMutual Financial Group [SPRINGFIELD, Mass.] announced the appointment of Elizabeth A. Ward as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual). Currently both the company’s Chief Enterprise Risk Officer and Chief Actuary, Ms. Ward, Executive Vice President, will succeed Michael Rollings, who is resigning. Ms. Ward has been with the Company since joining Babson Capital Management LLC, a MassMutual subsidiary, in 2001. Ms. Ward has been MassMutual’s Chief Enterprise Risk Officer since 2007 and its Chief Actuary since 2015; prior to joining Babson she was employed as Managing Director at MassMutual investment affiliate Charter Oak Capital Management from 1996.
Vanguard [VALLEY FORGE, Pa.] announced that Michael Rollings will join the company next month as Chief Financial Officer and head of its Finance Division. Mr. Rollings most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MassMutual Financial Group. Mr. Rollings, will assume leadership of Vanguard’s Finance Division from Managing Director Glenn Reed. Mr. Rollings joined MassMutual in 2001 to lead the firm’s Capital Markets division, and was named Executive Vice President and CFO in 2006.
Wellesley Bancorp, Inc. [WELLESLEY, Mass.] (NASDAQ: WEBK) announced that the Board has appointed Michael W. Dvorak as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company and EVP and Chief Financial Officer of Wellesley Bank. Mr. Dvorak is replacing the Company’s current CFO, Gary P. Culyer, who is retiring. Mr. Dvorak’s previous experience includes 15 years at Keycorp where he was the CFO of both the Community Bank and the Consumer Bank.
Cynosure, Inc. [WESTFORD, Mass.] (NASDAQ: CYNO) announced that Timothy W. Baker, President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the company, has notified the Company that he plans to retire.
XPEL Technologies Corp. [SAN ANTONIO, Texas] (TSX-V: DAP.U) announced the appointment of Barry Wood as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Wood served as Chief Financial Officer of PTRX, Inc. Previously, Mr. Wood held various leadership roles at four AT&T subsidiaries including time as the Chief Financial Officer of Cellular One and overseeing Financial Planning & Analysis at SBC Communications. Mr. Wood began his career at Ernst & Young.
ITC Holdings Corp. [NOVI, Mich.] (NYSE: ITC) announced that Rejji P. Hayes has been promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer for ITC Holdings Corp. Before joining ITC as vice president, Finance and Treasurer in 2012, Mr. Hayes was assistant treasurer and director, Corporate Finance and Financial Strategy at Exelon Corporation in Chicago. He also served as vice president, Mergers and Acquisitions at Lazard Freres & Co. LLC. Previously, Mr. Hayes served in a variety of financial leadership roles with financial institutions and investment banks.
Dorman Products, Inc. [COLMAR, PA.] (NASDAQ: DORM) announced that Kevin M. Olsen will join as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He joins Dorman from his post as Chief Financial Officer of Colfax Fluid Handling. Prior to Colfax, he held a number of positions of increasing responsibility at Crane Co. and Danaher Corporation after beginning his career in public accounting.
Rambus Inc. [SUNNYVALE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: RMBS) announced that chief financial officer Satish Rishi plans to retire from Rambus. Mr. Rishi served as the chief financial officer of Rambus since April 2006. Prior to Rambus, Satish held senior financial management positions at semiconductor and electronic manufacturing companies, serving as the vice president and assistant treasurer at Dell Computer. He also spent 13 years at Intel, holding financial management positions both in the US and overseas.
iStar Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: STAR) announced that Geoffrey G. Jervis is joining as its new Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Jervis will succeed David DiStaso, who has served as iStar’s CFO since 2010 and prior to that served as Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Jervis most recently served as the CFO of STAG Industrial, Inc. (NYSE: STAG) and prior to that he was the CFO at Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and its predecessor Capital Trust Inc.
Granbury Solutions [GRAPEVINE, TX] announced Cheri Kruse as the company’s new Chief Financial Officer. Cheri Kruse has served Granbury in the role of Vice President of Finance since May 2015.
Beam Suntory [Deerfield, Illinois] announced that John Owen, who most recently served as Beam Suntory’s SVP, Chief Supply Chain Officer, has been named SVP, Chief Financial Officer. Owen joined Beam Suntory in 2013. Prior to joining Beam Suntory, Owen spent 30 years at Avon Products, including serving as CFO of North America and President of EMEA.
Edison International [ROSEMEAD, Calif.] (NYSE: EIX) announced that W. James Scilacci, Edison International’s executive vice president and chief financial officer, will retire. Upon his retirement, he will be succeeded by Maria Rigatti, SCE senior vice president and chief financial officer. SCE vice president and treasurer, William M. “Tres” Petmecky, will succeed Rigatti as SCE senior vice president and chief financial officer.
Qorvo® [GREENSBORO, NC and HILLSBORO, OR] (NASDAQ: QRVO) announced the appointment of Mark J. Murphy as chief financial officer. Mr. Murphy succeed Steven J. Buhaly. Mr. Murphy most recently served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Delphi Automotive PLC. He joined Delphi from Praxair, Inc., where he was president of the U.S. Industrial Gases business and before that, president of Praxair’s Surface Technologies and Electronic Materials division. He previously served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc., vice president and corporate controller of Praxair, president of Praxair’s global Electronics division and vice president of finance for Praxair Asia based in Shanghai.
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. [CHARLOTTE, N.C.] (NASDAQ-GS: LNCE) announced that Rick Puckett, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will retire. Mr. Puckett was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Snyder’s-Lance in 2010.  Previously, Mr. Puckett served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Lance from 2006 to 2010.  Prior to joining Lance, Mr. Puckett was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United Natural Foods, Inc. from 2003 to 2006.  He is a member of the Board of Directors of SPX Corporation and Whitehorse Finance, Inc.
Heritage Insurance Holdings, Inc. [CLEARWATER, Fla.] (NYSE: HRTG) announced that Stephen Rohde, the Company’s CFO, will retire from Heritage. Steven Martindale, who formerly served as CFO at People’s Trust Insurance Company, has been appointed to serve as CFO effective upon Mr. Rohde’s retirement. Before joining Heritage, Mr. Martindale served as CFO at People’s Trust Insurance Company. Prior to People’s Trust, he was Chief Regulatory Officer for the State of Ohio. Before working for the State of Ohio, Steven was a partner and consulting CFO for Focus CFO. Earlier in Steven’s career, he also worked at ProCentury as Vice President Corporate Governance. Mr. Martindale has also held various other positions in both accounting and auditing.
KEYW Holding Corporation [HANOVER, Md.] (NASDAQ: KEYW) announced the departure of the company’s Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Philip L. Calamia. KEYW also announced the appointment of Michael J. Alber as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President. Mr. Alber most recently served as Chief Financial Officer at Engility Corporation.  Prior to Engility, Mr. Alber held the position of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at Alion Science and Technology. He has also held senior executive positions at SAIC, where he served as a senior vice president and group controller, and at Network Solutions, Inc.
Washington Federal, Inc. [SEATTLE, WASHINGTON] (NASDAQ: WAFD) announced the appointment of Vincent L. Beatty as Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer. Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer Brent Beardall, who has served as Interim Chief Financial Officer since September 2015, will resume his full time role as Chief Banking Officer for the Company. Mr. Beatty most recently served as Chief Financial Officer for the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle from 2008 until its merger in 2015 with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines. Mr. Beatty joined the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle in 2004 and previously spent 13 years in various financial positions with First Interstate Bank, JP Morgan Chase and Glendale Federal.
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory [Livermore, CA.] announced that Chris Brannan has been selected as the chief financial officer. Most recently, he served as the financial/business manager for the Weapons and Complex Integration Principal Directorate.
KVH Industries, Inc. [MIDDLETOWN, R.I.] (NASDAQ: KVHI) announced that it has appointed John McCarthy to serve as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. McCarthy will replace Peter Rendall, who is leaving the company. John McCarthy most recently served as a partner at Ernst & Young LLP. During his 32-year career with the firm, Mr. McCarthy held numerous leadership roles across the Audit practice. Mr. McCarthy was a member of Ernst & Young’s Global Account Partner Group and also served for two years in the firm’s National Accounting Group.
Willis Lease Finance Corporation [NOVATO, Calif.] (NASDAQ: WLFC) announced that Scott B. Flaherty is joining the company as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Willis Lease, Scott held the position of Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Colt Defense LLC, where he was employed from May 2009 to March 2016.  Prior to joining Colt Defense LLC, Mr. Flaherty was a Managing Director at Banc of America Securities LLC. Prior to joining Banc of America Securities in 2001, Mr. Flaherty was an investment banker at Credit Suisse First Boston.  He worked as an engineer at the Pratt and Whitney division of the United Technologies Corporation from 1987 to 1995.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,405 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:



