











Michael Hayes






































Skip to main content














ScienceTopics, centers, missionsProductsMaps, data, publicationsNewsReleases, I'm a reporterConnectContact, chat, social mediaAboutOrganization, jobs, budget 


Search


Search






























 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+
 LinkedIn
 Delicious
 Digg
 Reddit
 StumbleUpon
 Pinterest












About UsWho We Are
History

OrganizationMission Areas
Regions
Science Centers
Science Support

Key Officials
CongressionalBriefing Series
Statements
Contacts

Budget
Opportunities
Doing BusinessAcquisitions
Contracts and Grants
Partners and Cooperators
Building Partnerships

Emergency Management
Data and ToolsData and Tools Topics
Real-time Data
APIs
Science Data Catalog
Science Datasets
Data Management
Data Management Tools
GIS Data

MapsMap Topics
Topographic Maps
Geologic Maps
GIS Data
The National Map
USGS Store
Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)

PublicationsUSGS Publications

USGS Library
Software
Multimedia GalleryImages
Videos
Audio
Webcams

Park Passes
Featured Stories
News ReleasesNational News
State News

Science Snippets
Technical Announcements
Employees in the News
Get Our News
Media Contacts
I'm a ReporterRequest Footage
Earthquake Questions
Multimedia Gallery
Key Officials
Congressional

Headquarters12201 Sunrise Valley Drive
Reston, VA 20192, USA
703-648-5953

Locations
Contact Us1-888-ASK-USGS
Email
Employee Directory
Web Chat

Staff Profiles
Social Media
Science ExplorerBiology and EcosystemsClimate ChangeCoastsData, Tools, and TechnologyEnergyEnvironmental HealthGeologyMapping, Remote Sensing, and Geospatial DataMineralsNatural HazardsOceansPlanetary ScienceWaterMission AreasClimate and Land Use Change
Core Science Systems
Ecosystems
Energy and Minerals
Environmental Health
Natural Hazards
Water

RegionsAlaska Region
Midwest Region
Northeast Region
Northwest Region
Pacific Region
Southeast Region
Southwest Region

Frequently Asked Questions
Education
 












 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+
 LinkedIn
 Delicious
 Digg
 Reddit
 StumbleUpon
 Pinterest











Search


Search











Science+Science ExplorerMission AreasRegionsFrequently Asked QuestionsEducationProducts+Data and ToolsMapsPublicationsSoftwareMultimedia GalleryPark PassesUSGS LibraryNews+Featured StoriesNews ReleasesScience SnippetsTechnical AnnouncementsEmployees in the NewsGet Our NewsMedia ContactsI'm a ReporterConnect+HeadquartersLocationsContact UsStaff ProfilesSocial MediaAbout+About UsOrganizationKey OfficialsCongressionalBudgetOpportunitiesDoing BusinessEmergency Management 













Michael Hayes


Fish BiologistWestern Fisheries Research CenterEmail: mhayes@usgs.govPhone: 206-526-2537Fax: 206-526-6654http://orcid.org/0000-0002-9060-0565Address:6505 NE 65th StreetSeattle, WA 98115-5016 

BiographyEducation:
B.S. 1975. Natural Resource Management, University of California, Berkeley, CA
M.S. 1983. Fishery Biology, New Mexico State University, Las Cruces, NM
 
Research Interests:
Lamprey biology, identification, migration, olfactory cues
Estuarine habitat use by juvenile salmon and forage fish, migration behavior
Smolt physiology
Use of acoustic telemetry to evaluate habitat preferences
Fish sampling, including spawning and habitat surveys, electrofishing, seines, gill nets, trawls, and raceways.
 
Experience: 
2001 to Present - Fishery Biologist, U.S. Geological Survey, Western Fisheries Research Center, Seattle, WA
1995-2000 - Project Leader, Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife, Hermiston, OR
1992-1995 - Assistant Project Leader, Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife, Hermiston, OR
1986-1991 - Fishery Specialist, Minnesota Department of Natural Resources, Lake City, MN
1984-1986 - Fisheries Specialist, Minnesota Department of Natural Resources, St. Paul, MN
1983-1984 - Fish Biologist, Duke Marine Lab, Beaufort, NC
1979-1982 - MS student, New Mexico St. University, Las Cruces, NM
 
Professional Societies:
American Fisheries Society, Northwest Scientific Association
 
Science and ProductsPublications



Filter Total Items: 20 




            logstash-usgs-pw:palladium_root_publication_year_date          


Select Year2017 (1)2016 (1)2015 (1)2013 (2)2012 (9)2011 (2)2006 (1)2005 (1)2003 (1)2002 (1)





Label 
Select OrderOriginal SortA -> ZZ -> A

Apply Filter


Reset



 



  
 
Year Published: 2017
2010-2015 Juvenile fish ecology in the Nisqually River Delta and Nisqually Reach Aquatic Reserve
The return of tidal inundation to over 750 acres of the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge (NNWR) in fall of 2009 was the crowning moment in the effort to protect and restore the Nisqually Delta. The Nisqually NWR project complemented three earlier restoration projects completed by the Nisqually...
Hodgson, Sayre; Ellings, Christopher S.; Rubin, Steve P.; Hayes, Michael C.; Duval, Walker; Grossman, Eric E.
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

View Citation

Hodgson, S., C.S. Ellings, S.P. Rubin, M.C. Hayes, W. Duval, and E.E. Grossman. 2017. 2010-2015 juvenile fish ecology in the Nisqually River Delta and Nisqually Research Aquatic Reserve. Nisqually Indian Tribe, Department of Natural Resources, Salmon Recovery Program Technical Report No. 2016-1. 40 p.



  

  
 
Year Published: 2016
Evidence for partial overlap of male olfactory cues in lampreys
Animals rely on a mosaic of complex information to find and evaluate mates. Pheromones, often comprised of multiple components, are considered to be particularly important for species-recognition in many species. While the evolution of species-specific pheromone blends is well-described in many insects, very few vertebrate pheromones have been...
Buchinger, Tyler J.; Li, Ke; Huertas, Mar; Baker, Cindy F.; Jia, Liang; Hayes, Michael C.; Li, Weiming; Johnson, Nicholas S.
Attribution: Great Lakes Science Center, Western Fisheries Research Center

  

  
 
Year Published: 2015
Migratory behavior of Chinook salmon microjacks reared in artificial and natural environments
Emigration was evaluated for hatchery Chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha) microjacks (age-1 mature males) and immature parr (age-1 juveniles, both sexes) released from both a hatchery and a natural stream (fish released as fry). In the hatchery, volitional releases (∼14 to 15 months post-fertilization) to an adjacent river occurred...
Hayes, Michael C.; Rubin, Steve P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

  

  
 
Year Published: 2013
Effectiveness of an integrated hatchery program: Can genetic-based performance differences between hatchery and wild Chinook salmon be avoided?
Performance of wild (W) and hatchery (H) spring Chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha) was evaluated for a sixth generation hatchery program. Management techniques to minimize genetic divergence from the wild stock included regular use of wild broodstock and volitional releases of juveniles. Performance of HH, WW, and HW (hatchery female...
Hayes, Michael C.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Rubin, Stephen P.; Drake, Deanne C.; Stenberg, Karl D.; Young, Sewall F.
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

  

  
 
Year Published: 2013
Distribution of Pacific lamprey Entosphenus tridentatus in watersheds of Puget Sound Based on smolt monitoring data
Lamprey populations are in decline worldwide and the status of Pacific lamprey (Entosphenus tridentatus) is a topic of current interest. They and other lamprey species cycle nutrients and serve as prey in riverine ecosystems. To determine the current distribution of Pacific lamprey in major watersheds flowing into Puget Sound, Washington, we...
Hayes, Michael C.; Hays, Richard; Rubin, Stephen P.; Chase, Dorothy M.; Hallock, Molly; Cook-Tabor, Carrie; Luzier, Christina W.; Moser, Mary L.
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

  

  
 
Year Published: 2012
A test for the relative strength of maternal and stock effects in spring Chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha) from two different hatcheries (Study site: Warm Springs Hatchery; Stocks: Warm Springs Hatchery and Carson Hatchery; Year class: 1993): Chapter 10
An experiment was undertaken to determine the relative strength of maternal and stock effects in Chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha) reared in a common environment, as a companion study to our investigation of hatchery and wild Chinook salmon. Pure-strain and reciprocal crosses were made between two hatchery stocks (Carson and Warm Springs...
Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Hayes, Michael C.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Stenberg, Karl D.
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

  

  
 
Year Published: 2012
Testing for genetic differences in survival and growth between hatchery and wild Chinook salmon from Warm Springs River, Oregon (Study sites: Warm Springs Hatchery and Little White Salmon River; Stocks: Warm Springs hatchery and Warm Springs River wild; Year classes: 1992 and 1996): Chapter 8
The program at Warm Springs National Fish Hatchery in north - central Oregon was initiated with spring Chinook salmon Oncorhynchus tshawytscha from the Warm Springs River. Managers included wild fish in the broodstock most years and avoided artificial selection to minimize genetic divergence from the wild founder population. We tested for genetic...
Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Hayes, Michael C.; Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Leonetti
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

  

  
 
Year Published: 2012
Effect of size of unfed fry at release on survival and growth of juvenile steelhead in streams and a hatchery (Study sites: Dworshak Hatchery, Silver Creek, and Twenty-Mile Creek; Stock: Dworshak hatchery; Year classes: 1996 and 1999): Chapter 7
We tested whether differences in size of unfed fry at release affected survival and growth of juvenile steelhead Oncorhynchus mykiss in hatchery ponds and streams. Differences in fry size were produced by selecting and spawning females that differed in the mean size of their eggs. Experiments were initiated in 1996 and 1999 with hatchery steelhead...
Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Stenberg, Karl D.
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

  

  
 
Year Published: 2012
Effect of developmental stage of unfed fry on survival and growth of steelhead released in a stream and hatchery ponds (Study sites: Dworshak Hatchery and North Fork Palouse River; Stock: Dworshak hatchery; Year class: 1996): Chapter 6
We tested whether differences in developmental stage of unfed fry at release affected subsequent survival and growth of steelhead Oncorhynchus mykiss in a stream and hatchery ponds. Differences in development were created by artificially spawning hatchery steelhead from the Clearwater River, Idaho, and incubating their progeny at three different...
Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Hayes, Michael C.; Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Stenberg, Karl D.
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

  

  
 
Year Published: 2012
Effect of incubation temperature on post-embryonic survival and growth of steelhead in a natural stream and a hatchery (Study sites: Dworshak Hatchery and North Fork Palouse River; Stocks: Dworshak hatchery; Year classes: 1994 and 1995): Chapter 5

We tested whether varying incubation temperatures to match development between embryos from different spawning dates affected survival and growth of unfed steelhead Oncorhynchus mykiss fry released in a stream and in hatchery ponds. Hatchery steelhead returning to the Clearwater River, Idaho were artificially spawned on two dates separated by a...
Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Hayes, Michael C.; Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Stenberg, Karl D.; Baker, Bruce M.
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

  

  
 
Year Published: 2012
Predicted time from fertilization to maximum wet weight for steelhead alevins based on incubation temperature and egg size (Study site: Western Fishery Research Center, Seattle; Stock: Dworshak hatchery; Year class: 1996): Chapter 4
The accuracy of a model that predicts time between fertilization and maximum alevin wet weight (MAWW) from incubation temperature was tested for steelhead Oncorhynchus mykiss from Dworshak National Fish Hatchery on the Clearwater River, Idaho. MAWW corresponds to the button-up fry stage of development. Embryos were incubated at warm (mean=11.6...
Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Hayes, Michael C.; Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Slatton, Stacey L.
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

  

  
 
Year Published: 2012
Genetic differences between hatchery and wild steelhead for survival, growth, dispersal, and male maturation in a natural stream (Study site: Twenty-Mile Creek; Stocks: Dworshak hatchery and Selway River wild; Year classes: 1994 and 1995): Chapter 3
This study was initiated in the early 1990s to provide managers with data comparing genetic fitness for natural rearing, as measured by survival of juveniles in freshwater, between steelhead Oncorhynchus mykiss from Dworshak National Fish Hatchery and wild steelhead from the Clearwater River, Idaho. We artificially spawned hatchery steelhead and...
Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Hayes, Michael C.; Rubin, Stephen P.; Reisenbichler, Reginald R.; Hensleigh, Jay E.; Wetzel, Lisa A.; Baker, Bruce M.; Leonetti; Stenberg, Karl D.; Slatton, Stacey L.
Attribution: Western Fisheries Research Center

  

1
2
next ›
last »



Pre-USGS Publications





High-pressure injection of photonic paint to mark adult Chinook salmonHayes, M.C., S.M. Focher, and C.R. Contor. 2000. High-pressure injection of photonic paint to mark adult Chinook salmon. North American Journal of Aquaculture, 62(4):319-322. DOI: 10.1577/1548-8454(2000)062<0319:HPIOPP>2.0.CO;2. 

 



Umatilla Hatchery Monitoring and Evaluation, 1997-1998 Annual ReportHayes, M.C., K.A. Brown, and K. Waln. 1999. Umatilla Hatchery Monitoring and Evaluation, 1997-1998 Annual Report. 

 



Accuracy of length estimates for Chinook salmon and steelhead in compartmented and standard hatchery racewaysHayes, M.C., R.W. Carmichael, M. Keefe, and T.A. Whitesel . 1997. Accuracy of length estimates for Chinook salmon and steelhead in compartmented and standard hatchery raceways. The Progressive Fish-Culturist, 59(4):285-292. DOI: 10.1577/1548-8640(1997)059<0285:AOLEFC>2.3.CO;2. 

 



Multiple catches of smallmouth bass in a special regulation fisheryHayes, M.C., L.F. Gates, and S.A. Hirsch. 1997. Multiple catches of smallmouth bass in a special regulation fishery.  North American Journal of Fisheries Management, 17(1):182-187. DOI: 10.1577/1548-8675(1997)017<0182:MCOSBI>2.3.CO;2. 

 



Umatilla Hatchery Monitoring and Evaluation, 1992-1993 Annual ReportKeefe, M., M.C. Hayes, Jr. Groberg, J. Warren. 1994. Umatilla Hatchery Monitoring and Evaluation, 1992-1993 Annual Report. In Other Information: PBD: June 1994. 

 



Evaluation of juvenile fish bypass and adult fish passage facilities at water diversions in the Umatilla RiverHayes, M.C., S.M. Knapp, and A.A. Nigro. 1992. Pages 53-103 in S.M. Knapp, (ed.). Evaluation of juvenile fish bypass and adult fish passage facilities at water diversions in the Umatilla River. Bonneville Power Administration, Report DOE/BP-01385-2. 

 



Limnology of a shallow, brackish, hypereutrophic reservoir in southern New MexicoCole, R.A., D.L. Weigmann, and M.C. Hayes. 1984. Limnology of a shallow, brackish, hypereutrophic reservoir in southern New Mexico. New Mexico. Agricultural Experiment Station, Bulletin 709. 

 



 















Michael Hayes' profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Michael Hayes#749507@michael_hayesI love astronomy. But I'm only 161Following2FollowersFollow1 UpvoteSpark for MacBeautiful and intelligent email appiPhone+ 7 save 2918 179Share this profile








Hayes Michael                                                                                                            - Morristown                                        , TN         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TN



Morristown



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Hayes Michael
                                    



 





















H 


Hayes Michael                                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4083 WHITE WOOD CIR MORRISTOWN, TN 37814
Get Directions



(423) 587-0879
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $119,548.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Michael Hayes                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Hayes Microcomputer Products - Wikipedia





















 






Hayes Microcomputer Products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Hayes Microcomputer Products was a U.S.-based manufacturer of modems. The company is well known for the Smartmodem, which introduced a control language for operating the functions of the modem via the serial interface to the data terminal equipment, in contrast to manual operation with front-panel switches. This smart modem approach dramatically simplified and automated operation. Today almost all modems use a variant of the Hayes command set.
Hayes was a major brand in the modem market from the introduction of the original 300 bit/s Smartmodem in 1981, and was known for high quality products. They remained a major vendor throughout the 1980s, periodically introducing models with higher throughput. In the early 1990s a number of greatly cost-reduced high-performance modems were released by competitors, notably the SupraFAXModem 14400, which eroded price points in the market. Hayes was never able to respond effectively. The widespread introduction of ADSL and cable modems in the mid-1990s repeatedly drove the company in Chapter 11 protection before being liquidated in 1999.



Contents


1 Before Hayes
2 Early Hayes products
3 The Smartmodem
4 Competition
5 Higher speeds and increased competition
6 V.32bis
7 Decline and fall
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



Before Hayes[edit]




Dale Heatherington with the prototype 80-103A.






Micromodem II installed in an Apple II. The external "microcoupler" with the phone jacks and analog hardware were connected via the ribbon cable.


Dennis C. Hayes left the Georgia Institute of Technology in the mid-1970s to work at an early data communications company, National Data Corp, a company that handled electronic money transfers and credit card authorizations. Hayes' job was to set up modem connections for NDC's customers.
At the time, modems generally came in two versions, one for the end-user that required the user to dial the phone manually and use an acoustic coupler for connection, and another dedicated to answering incoming calls that was intended for use on the minicomputer or mainframe the user was calling into. The connection and disconnection was entirely manual, with the user picking up the phone's handset, dialing manually, and then pressing the handset into the coupler if a carrier frequency was heard. Disconnecting at the end of the session was also manual, with the user lifting the handset out of the coupler and hanging it up on the phone body in order to depress the hook switch and return the phone to the on-hook state and end the call.
There were optional systems to dial the phone or pick it up, but these were generally implemented as separate devices also intended to be used on one end of the connection or the other. For instance, the autodialler was a system that automated the action of picking up the phone and dialing a number, and was normally implemented as a separate box that connected to another port on the host computer. Such devices were typically expensive and generally used by larger organizations like banks, who might use one to send an end-of-day file to branch offices.
Early Hayes products[edit]
Hayes was a computer hobbyist, and felt that modems would be highly compelling to users of the new 8-bit computers that would soon be known as home computers. However, existing modems were simply too expensive and difficult to use or be practical for most users. What was needed was a single modem that could do it all; connect directly to the phone, answer incoming calls, dial numbers to initiate outgoing calls, and hang up when the call was complete.
The main problem with producing such a modem was forwarding commands from the computer. This could be addressed in internal modems that plugged directly into the computer's motherboard. Such modems had access to the computer's main memory, and by dedicating certain memory locations (or registers) to various status readouts or commands, software programs running on the computer could control the modem. This was a straightforward and thus a popular solution; the Novation APPLE-CAT II for the Apple II computer was an early programmable modem of this type.
Hayes started producing similar products at a "hobby level" in his kitchen in April 1977 with his friend and co-worker, Dale Heatherington. Their first product was the 80-103A, a 300 bit/s Bell 103-compatible design for S-100 bus machines. Business picked up quickly, and in January 1978 they quit their jobs at National Data to form their own company, D.C. Hayes Associates.
Sales were further improved in early 1979 with the introduction of the 300 bit/s Micromodem 100 for S-100 bus computers[1] and the Micromodem II for the Apple II that used an external "microcoupler" to connect to telephone lines. In 1980 the company changed its name to Hayes Microcomputer Products, under which it operated for most of its history.
The Smartmodem[edit]




The original model 300 baud Smartmodem


Although powerful, the internal modem was commercially impractical. Not only did it require special driver software, but a different hardware design was needed for every computer bus, including Apple II, S-100, TRS-80, and others. Some popular computers, like the Atari 400, did not even integrate internal slots. An obvious solution was to use the RS-232 serial port; modems were serial devices and generally driven off RS-232 anyway, and most computer designs included an RS-232 port, or some variant.
Hayes and the company's marketing manager Glenn Sirkis approached Heatherington with an outline for a new command-driven external modem. A few external modems already offered the ability to dial the phone by entering a phone number when the modem was first started, but the real problem was somehow sending a command to hang up, while the modem was already connected. There needed to be some way to indicate that the characters flowing out from the computer to the modem were not simply additional data to be sent to the far end, but commands to be acted on.
Several solutions to the problem were studied, and in the end Heatherington decided the only practical one was to have the modem operate in two modes. In one, data mode, all data forwarded from the computer were modulated and sent over the connected telephone line as it was with any other modem. In the other, command mode, data forwarded from the computer were instead interpreted as commands. In this way, the modem could be instructed by the computer to perform various operations, such as hang up the phone or dial a number. The modem would normally start up in command mode.
The problem was how to move from mode to mode. One option would be to signal this change—"put yourself into command mode"—via one of the many pins in the RS-232 cable. However, while the 25-pin connector on the modem side had more than enough pins for this purpose (even some meant for this purpose), the computer side often used a much smaller 9-pin connector, and equally often many of these pins weren't actually connected or accessible from software. In fact, there were very few pins that were guaranteed to work on all computers, mostly the data in and out, "ready" indications that said whether the modem or computer was operational, and sometimes flow-control pins.
While it would have been possible to use some of these pins for the sort of command-switching they needed (the "ready" indications, for example, would have sufficed) Heatherington instead came up with the idea of using a rarely seen sequence of characters for this duty. Since these characters could be sent to the modem using the same two data pins that the port would need anyway, they could be sure that such a system would work on every computer.
The sequence he decided on was +++ (three plus signs). When this was received from the computer, the modem would switch from data to command mode. Of course it was entirely possible that the computer would send this sequence for other reasons, for example, the sequence might be contained within a text file describing how modems worked. In order to filter out these "accidental" sequences, Heatherington's design only switched to command mode if the sequence was led and followed by a one-second pause, the guard time, in which no other data were sent. In this case it could be safely assumed that the sequence was being sent deliberately by a user, as opposed to being buried in the middle of a data stream.
With the basic idea outlined, Hayes and Sirkis gave Heatherington the go-ahead to build a prototype by adding a microcontroller to an otherwise lightly modified version of their existing 300 bit/s hardware. Sirkis was particularly interested in using the 1 MHz PIC microcontroller, which were available for only US$1 a piece. After six months of trying to get the modem working with the PIC, Heatherington gave up and demanded they use the 8 MHz Zilog Z8 instead, a US$10 part. Sirkis acquiesced, and a working prototype was soon complete.
Hayes added a requirement of his own, that the modem be able to automatically detect what speed the computer's serial port was set to when first powered on. This was not simple unless the modem "knew" what data were initially being sent, allowing it to time the bits and thereby guess the speed. Heatherington eventually suggested the use of a well-known character sequence for this purpose, recommending AT for "attention", which is prefixed on all commands.
The new design, housed in an extruded aluminum case sized to allow a standard desktop telephone to rest on top, was announced in April 1981.[2] It was known simply as the Smartmodem. The Smartmodem was the first modem integrating complete control over the phone line, and that allowed it to be used in exactly the same fashion with any computer.
Hayes originally had big plans for the form factor, referring to it as the Hayes Stack and intending to release a range of products that could be stacked beside the computer. In the end, only two non-modem devices were added to the line.[3] The Hayes Stack Chronograph, an external real-time clock and the Transet 1000, a printer buffer and primitive email box. Both of these items' sales were apparently dismal.[4] Early advertising referred to the Smartmodem as the "Hayes Stack Smartmodem",[5] but this naming convention was dropped a short time later.
At the time of its introduction, the modem market was fairly small, and competitors generally ignored the Smartmodem. But it was not long before hobbyists were able to combine the Smartmodem with new software to create the first real bulletin board systems (BBSes), which created significant market demand. The market grew rapidly in the mid-1980s, and as the Smartmodem was the only truly "universal" modem on the market, Hayes grew to take over much of the market. Heatherington retired from what was then a large company in 1984.
Competition[edit]
The modem market in the 1970s was very simple and stagnant. Modems tended to sell at US$1 per baud. Hayes saw no need to be different—the original Hayes 300 baud modem sold for US$299 retail. At that price point, Hayes could build a "Cadillac of modems", using high-quality components, an extruded aluminum case, and an acrylic front panel with a number of LED indicators.
As the modem market expanded, competitors quickly copied the Hayes command set and often the Hayes industrial design as well. To compete with Hayes on price, early competitors manufactured modems using low-cost components that were often unreliable. Hayes quickly gained a reputation for high quality, and for a time held a 50% market share.
Also differentiating Hayes from its competition was the Smartmodem's use of the guard time. Hayes had patented this concept in 1985 in patent #4,549,302, the Modem With Improved Escape Sequence With Guard Time Mechanism, generally referred to as the "Hayes '302 patent". Hayes licensed the guard time to other manufacturers for $1 a modem—a charge which competitors derisively termed the "modem tax". A number of manufacturers banded together and introduced the Time Independent Escape Sequence, or TIES, but it was not as robust as Heatherington's system and never became very successful.
In 1982, at the Spring Comdex in Atlantic City, Hayes introduced the Bell 212-compatible Smartmodem 1200 for $699, the first practical all-in-one 1200 bit/s Bell 212-compatible modem.[6] The earlier design was redesignated the Smartmodem 300. At the time, Hayes was one of the few modem companies with the capital and engineering wherewithal to develop entirely new modem architectures. However, this was only a limited competitive advantage, since it was not long before companies offering Hayes "clones" introduced derivative 1200 bit/s models of their own.
The 1200 bit/s market existed for a relatively short time; in 1984 the CCITT introduced the v.22bis standard for 2400 bit/s operation. This was the first time that the CCITT's standard predated Bell's introductions, avoiding compatibility issues that had plagued earlier standards. Modem companies quickly incorporated v.22bis into their product lines. Hayes was no exception; the company introduced its v.22bis Smartmodem 2400 at US$549 in 1985 (the 1200 bit/s Smartmodem also remained available at a lower price point). Competition drove prices rapidly downward, and by 1987 a clone 2400 bit/s modem was generally available for around US$250. After 1987, modems increasingly became a commodity item.
Higher speeds and increased competition[edit]
Hayes was not as fast as some other manufacturers to release modems that ran faster than 2400 bit/s, which opened the door for U.S. Robotics (USR) and Telebit to meet market demand with faster products. In 1987 Hayes responded with the 9600 bit/s "Ping-Pong" protocol, which was later renamed "Express 96". The name referred to the way the modems could "ping-pong" the single high-speed link between the two ends on demand, in a fashion similar to the USR and Telebit protocols. However, the Express 96 both was late to market and lacked error correction, making it far less attractive than its competition. The design was generally unsuccessful, and for the first time Hayes lost cachet as the leader in modem design and manufacture.
Hayes's slow entry into the high-speed market led to a fracturing of the command set. In order to set up the modem to accept or reject certain types of connections, Hayes had added a number of new commands prefixed by & (the ampersand) to the Smartmodem 2400. When they moved to the Smartmodem 9600, they simply extended the set further, using the same syntax. The other companies involved all used their own syntax; USR used an incompatible set of &-prefixed commands, Microcom used \, and Telebit was based on setting a series of registers. All of these survived for some time into the early 1990s.
Through the late 1980s and early 1990s, new standard high-speed modes were introduced by the CCITT. The first of these, v.32, offered 9600 bit/s in both directions at the same time, whereas earlier high-speed protocols were high-speed in one direction only. In 1988 Hayes effectively abandoned their Express 96 protocol in favor of v.32, which along with MNP support was built into the $1199 USD Hayes V-series Smartmodem 9600. In 1990 the company introduced the Smartmodem Ultra 96 which offered both v.32 and Express 96 support, and added the new v.42bis error correction and compression system (in addition to MNP). v.32 modems remained fairly rare and expensive, although by 1990 third-party v.32 modems were available for approximately 600 USD.
V.32bis[edit]
In 1991, Rockwell introduced a low-cost chipset supporting the new 14,400 bit/s V.32bis standard, along with similar V.32 and V.22bis (2400 bit/s) versions, all of which supported MNP, V.42bis and, optionally, 9600 bit/s V.29 fax modem capabilities. Their system was introduced commercially in the SupraFAXModem 14400, which went on to become a runaway bestseller. Soon there were literally hundreds of similar models on the market, and Rockwell's competitors also rushed in with similar chipsets of their own.
Hayes was never able to re-establish itself as a market leader through this era. They quickly introduced their own v.32bis model in the fall of 1991, the US$799 Smartmodem Ultra 144, but this point Express 96 had little cachet, and the market was already flooded with lower-cost modems. They then split their line into the Accura and Optima brands, offering the Accura as a low-cost model, although the feature sets were not that different between the two lines. Hayes eventually purchased two of their competitors, Practical Peripherals and Cardinal, turning them into low-cost brands in order to compete with companies such as Zoom Telephonics.
As speeds increased with the introduction of V.34 and V.90, Hayes increasingly became a follower rather than a leader. By the mid-1990s their modems were also based on the Rockwell chip set, and had little to distinguish themselves from other vendors.
Oddly it was the Rockwell chip set that also re-standardized the various command sets back on the original high-speed ones introduced by Hayes. As the Rockwell-based systems became more and more common, other companies, like AT&T, introduced new versions of their modem chip sets with identical commands. Rockwell had taken their commands from the V-series Smartmodems, so by the mid-90s the market was once again based largely on a "real" Hayes command set.
Decline and fall[edit]
Hayes realized that changes in the telephone networks would eventually render the modem, in its current form, obsolete. As early as 1985 he started efforts to produce consumer-ready ISDN "modems", betting the company on ISDN becoming a widespread standard—which was widely believed at the time. By the early 1990s, this was a major focus of the company.
However, unlike Europe or Japan, ISDN simply never happened in the US consumer market. The whole model was based on end-to-end digital communications, and was thus limited to the speed of the long-distance carrier lines, either 56 or 64 kbit/s. The Bell companies were interested in deploying ISDN, but doing so required customer-end installations to make their conventional telephones work, which made the system unattractive for wide-scale deployment.
Additionally, the rise of the Internet in the mid-1990s made point-to-point communications far less interesting. After dialing their local Internet service provider, the user could "call out" at high speed to services around the world, so the need for long-distance data calls was generally eliminated. As a result of this shift, there was no real need to limit the user to the speed of the long-distance lines, giving the Bell companies flexibility in terms of what to install at the user's site. Their attention turned to Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line (ADSL), which ran over the existing wiring and did not block a telephone connection in the process. The end-user was offered much higher speeds while still being able to use existing phones, with the added "benefit" of helping tie the user to the telephone company's own ISP.
Hayes, having bet the company on a system that was never actually deployed, had no new products in the pipeline. In an attempt at diversification in January 1991 it had acquired most of the assets of local area network software developer Waterloo Microsystems Inc of Waterloo, Ontario and belatedly entered the operating system (OS) market in June 1991 with LANstep, a network OS for small offices, but this was subsequently abandoned in 1994 in the face of stiff competition particularly from Novell NetWare. An effort was started to move into the market for ADSL and cable modems, but this was a multi-year effort during a period when USR increasingly took over the market. They entered Chapter 11 protection in November 1994, exiting in October 1995 as Hayes Corp. after selling 49% of the company to Nortel and a Singapore-based venture capital firm. In 1997 they merged with Access Beyond, a builder of ISP rack-mount modems and terminal servers, and changed the company name again, this time to Hayes Communications. The merger was primarily a way to take the company public. The stock started crashing over the next year, from around US$12 in early 1998 to pennies in October, when they once again filed for Chapter 11 protection. No new funding could be found, and in 1999 the company assets were liquidated.
The brand name was purchased and revived by onetime rival Zoom Technologies in July 1999. Zoom continues to use the Hayes name on some of their products.
Notes[edit]
A widely circulated history of computing states that the Smartmodem 1200 was introduced in 1981. This "history" is confusing the Smartmodem 1200 with the original Smartmodem. Another confuses the original Smartmodem 9600 with the later V-Series modems, reversing the introduction dates and features.
References[edit]



^ "Data Communication System from D.C. Hayes". Intelligent Machines Journal (10): 6. June 25, 1979. ISSN 0199-6649. 
^ "Hayes Microcomputer Products, Inc.". Computerworld. CW Communications. 15 (17): 42. April 27, 1981. ISSN 0010-4841.  The 300 baud auto-dial/auto-answer Smartmodem had a suggested retail price of $279.
^ "Hayes Smartmodem". Infoworld. InfoWorld Media Group. 3 (14): 9. July 20, 1981. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Smartmodem is the first in a series of products Hays planes to introduce in a standard stack-mount design."
^ The Hayes Stack Chronograph
^ Hayes Smartmodem advertisement from Personal Computing 2/82
^ Markoff, John (April 25, 1983). "Stand-alone Smartmodem 1200 from Hayes". InfoWorld. Vol. 5 no. 27. pp. 90–93. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Hayes Smartmodem 1200, which was introduced in the middle of 1982, ..." Price $699.



External links[edit]

Hayes Photo Album
Hayes Advertising
The Rise and Fall of the Modem King
History of Hayes Corporation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hayes_Microcomputer_Products&oldid=790995565"					
Categories: Defunct computer companies of the United StatesDefunct computer hardware companiesModemsTelecommunications equipment vendorsComputer companies established in 1981Electronics companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1999Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1994Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1998 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschSuomi 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 12:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hayes Microcomputer Products - Wikipedia





















 






Hayes Microcomputer Products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Hayes Microcomputer Products was a U.S.-based manufacturer of modems. The company is well known for the Smartmodem, which introduced a control language for operating the functions of the modem via the serial interface to the data terminal equipment, in contrast to manual operation with front-panel switches. This smart modem approach dramatically simplified and automated operation. Today almost all modems use a variant of the Hayes command set.
Hayes was a major brand in the modem market from the introduction of the original 300 bit/s Smartmodem in 1981, and was known for high quality products. They remained a major vendor throughout the 1980s, periodically introducing models with higher throughput. In the early 1990s a number of greatly cost-reduced high-performance modems were released by competitors, notably the SupraFAXModem 14400, which eroded price points in the market. Hayes was never able to respond effectively. The widespread introduction of ADSL and cable modems in the mid-1990s repeatedly drove the company in Chapter 11 protection before being liquidated in 1999.



Contents


1 Before Hayes
2 Early Hayes products
3 The Smartmodem
4 Competition
5 Higher speeds and increased competition
6 V.32bis
7 Decline and fall
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



Before Hayes[edit]




Dale Heatherington with the prototype 80-103A.






Micromodem II installed in an Apple II. The external "microcoupler" with the phone jacks and analog hardware were connected via the ribbon cable.


Dennis C. Hayes left the Georgia Institute of Technology in the mid-1970s to work at an early data communications company, National Data Corp, a company that handled electronic money transfers and credit card authorizations. Hayes' job was to set up modem connections for NDC's customers.
At the time, modems generally came in two versions, one for the end-user that required the user to dial the phone manually and use an acoustic coupler for connection, and another dedicated to answering incoming calls that was intended for use on the minicomputer or mainframe the user was calling into. The connection and disconnection was entirely manual, with the user picking up the phone's handset, dialing manually, and then pressing the handset into the coupler if a carrier frequency was heard. Disconnecting at the end of the session was also manual, with the user lifting the handset out of the coupler and hanging it up on the phone body in order to depress the hook switch and return the phone to the on-hook state and end the call.
There were optional systems to dial the phone or pick it up, but these were generally implemented as separate devices also intended to be used on one end of the connection or the other. For instance, the autodialler was a system that automated the action of picking up the phone and dialing a number, and was normally implemented as a separate box that connected to another port on the host computer. Such devices were typically expensive and generally used by larger organizations like banks, who might use one to send an end-of-day file to branch offices.
Early Hayes products[edit]
Hayes was a computer hobbyist, and felt that modems would be highly compelling to users of the new 8-bit computers that would soon be known as home computers. However, existing modems were simply too expensive and difficult to use or be practical for most users. What was needed was a single modem that could do it all; connect directly to the phone, answer incoming calls, dial numbers to initiate outgoing calls, and hang up when the call was complete.
The main problem with producing such a modem was forwarding commands from the computer. This could be addressed in internal modems that plugged directly into the computer's motherboard. Such modems had access to the computer's main memory, and by dedicating certain memory locations (or registers) to various status readouts or commands, software programs running on the computer could control the modem. This was a straightforward and thus a popular solution; the Novation APPLE-CAT II for the Apple II computer was an early programmable modem of this type.
Hayes started producing similar products at a "hobby level" in his kitchen in April 1977 with his friend and co-worker, Dale Heatherington. Their first product was the 80-103A, a 300 bit/s Bell 103-compatible design for S-100 bus machines. Business picked up quickly, and in January 1978 they quit their jobs at National Data to form their own company, D.C. Hayes Associates.
Sales were further improved in early 1979 with the introduction of the 300 bit/s Micromodem 100 for S-100 bus computers[1] and the Micromodem II for the Apple II that used an external "microcoupler" to connect to telephone lines. In 1980 the company changed its name to Hayes Microcomputer Products, under which it operated for most of its history.
The Smartmodem[edit]




The original model 300 baud Smartmodem


Although powerful, the internal modem was commercially impractical. Not only did it require special driver software, but a different hardware design was needed for every computer bus, including Apple II, S-100, TRS-80, and others. Some popular computers, like the Atari 400, did not even integrate internal slots. An obvious solution was to use the RS-232 serial port; modems were serial devices and generally driven off RS-232 anyway, and most computer designs included an RS-232 port, or some variant.
Hayes and the company's marketing manager Glenn Sirkis approached Heatherington with an outline for a new command-driven external modem. A few external modems already offered the ability to dial the phone by entering a phone number when the modem was first started, but the real problem was somehow sending a command to hang up, while the modem was already connected. There needed to be some way to indicate that the characters flowing out from the computer to the modem were not simply additional data to be sent to the far end, but commands to be acted on.
Several solutions to the problem were studied, and in the end Heatherington decided the only practical one was to have the modem operate in two modes. In one, data mode, all data forwarded from the computer were modulated and sent over the connected telephone line as it was with any other modem. In the other, command mode, data forwarded from the computer were instead interpreted as commands. In this way, the modem could be instructed by the computer to perform various operations, such as hang up the phone or dial a number. The modem would normally start up in command mode.
The problem was how to move from mode to mode. One option would be to signal this change—"put yourself into command mode"—via one of the many pins in the RS-232 cable. However, while the 25-pin connector on the modem side had more than enough pins for this purpose (even some meant for this purpose), the computer side often used a much smaller 9-pin connector, and equally often many of these pins weren't actually connected or accessible from software. In fact, there were very few pins that were guaranteed to work on all computers, mostly the data in and out, "ready" indications that said whether the modem or computer was operational, and sometimes flow-control pins.
While it would have been possible to use some of these pins for the sort of command-switching they needed (the "ready" indications, for example, would have sufficed) Heatherington instead came up with the idea of using a rarely seen sequence of characters for this duty. Since these characters could be sent to the modem using the same two data pins that the port would need anyway, they could be sure that such a system would work on every computer.
The sequence he decided on was +++ (three plus signs). When this was received from the computer, the modem would switch from data to command mode. Of course it was entirely possible that the computer would send this sequence for other reasons, for example, the sequence might be contained within a text file describing how modems worked. In order to filter out these "accidental" sequences, Heatherington's design only switched to command mode if the sequence was led and followed by a one-second pause, the guard time, in which no other data were sent. In this case it could be safely assumed that the sequence was being sent deliberately by a user, as opposed to being buried in the middle of a data stream.
With the basic idea outlined, Hayes and Sirkis gave Heatherington the go-ahead to build a prototype by adding a microcontroller to an otherwise lightly modified version of their existing 300 bit/s hardware. Sirkis was particularly interested in using the 1 MHz PIC microcontroller, which were available for only US$1 a piece. After six months of trying to get the modem working with the PIC, Heatherington gave up and demanded they use the 8 MHz Zilog Z8 instead, a US$10 part. Sirkis acquiesced, and a working prototype was soon complete.
Hayes added a requirement of his own, that the modem be able to automatically detect what speed the computer's serial port was set to when first powered on. This was not simple unless the modem "knew" what data were initially being sent, allowing it to time the bits and thereby guess the speed. Heatherington eventually suggested the use of a well-known character sequence for this purpose, recommending AT for "attention", which is prefixed on all commands.
The new design, housed in an extruded aluminum case sized to allow a standard desktop telephone to rest on top, was announced in April 1981.[2] It was known simply as the Smartmodem. The Smartmodem was the first modem integrating complete control over the phone line, and that allowed it to be used in exactly the same fashion with any computer.
Hayes originally had big plans for the form factor, referring to it as the Hayes Stack and intending to release a range of products that could be stacked beside the computer. In the end, only two non-modem devices were added to the line.[3] The Hayes Stack Chronograph, an external real-time clock and the Transet 1000, a printer buffer and primitive email box. Both of these items' sales were apparently dismal.[4] Early advertising referred to the Smartmodem as the "Hayes Stack Smartmodem",[5] but this naming convention was dropped a short time later.
At the time of its introduction, the modem market was fairly small, and competitors generally ignored the Smartmodem. But it was not long before hobbyists were able to combine the Smartmodem with new software to create the first real bulletin board systems (BBSes), which created significant market demand. The market grew rapidly in the mid-1980s, and as the Smartmodem was the only truly "universal" modem on the market, Hayes grew to take over much of the market. Heatherington retired from what was then a large company in 1984.
Competition[edit]
The modem market in the 1970s was very simple and stagnant. Modems tended to sell at US$1 per baud. Hayes saw no need to be different—the original Hayes 300 baud modem sold for US$299 retail. At that price point, Hayes could build a "Cadillac of modems", using high-quality components, an extruded aluminum case, and an acrylic front panel with a number of LED indicators.
As the modem market expanded, competitors quickly copied the Hayes command set and often the Hayes industrial design as well. To compete with Hayes on price, early competitors manufactured modems using low-cost components that were often unreliable. Hayes quickly gained a reputation for high quality, and for a time held a 50% market share.
Also differentiating Hayes from its competition was the Smartmodem's use of the guard time. Hayes had patented this concept in 1985 in patent #4,549,302, the Modem With Improved Escape Sequence With Guard Time Mechanism, generally referred to as the "Hayes '302 patent". Hayes licensed the guard time to other manufacturers for $1 a modem—a charge which competitors derisively termed the "modem tax". A number of manufacturers banded together and introduced the Time Independent Escape Sequence, or TIES, but it was not as robust as Heatherington's system and never became very successful.
In 1982, at the Spring Comdex in Atlantic City, Hayes introduced the Bell 212-compatible Smartmodem 1200 for $699, the first practical all-in-one 1200 bit/s Bell 212-compatible modem.[6] The earlier design was redesignated the Smartmodem 300. At the time, Hayes was one of the few modem companies with the capital and engineering wherewithal to develop entirely new modem architectures. However, this was only a limited competitive advantage, since it was not long before companies offering Hayes "clones" introduced derivative 1200 bit/s models of their own.
The 1200 bit/s market existed for a relatively short time; in 1984 the CCITT introduced the v.22bis standard for 2400 bit/s operation. This was the first time that the CCITT's standard predated Bell's introductions, avoiding compatibility issues that had plagued earlier standards. Modem companies quickly incorporated v.22bis into their product lines. Hayes was no exception; the company introduced its v.22bis Smartmodem 2400 at US$549 in 1985 (the 1200 bit/s Smartmodem also remained available at a lower price point). Competition drove prices rapidly downward, and by 1987 a clone 2400 bit/s modem was generally available for around US$250. After 1987, modems increasingly became a commodity item.
Higher speeds and increased competition[edit]
Hayes was not as fast as some other manufacturers to release modems that ran faster than 2400 bit/s, which opened the door for U.S. Robotics (USR) and Telebit to meet market demand with faster products. In 1987 Hayes responded with the 9600 bit/s "Ping-Pong" protocol, which was later renamed "Express 96". The name referred to the way the modems could "ping-pong" the single high-speed link between the two ends on demand, in a fashion similar to the USR and Telebit protocols. However, the Express 96 both was late to market and lacked error correction, making it far less attractive than its competition. The design was generally unsuccessful, and for the first time Hayes lost cachet as the leader in modem design and manufacture.
Hayes's slow entry into the high-speed market led to a fracturing of the command set. In order to set up the modem to accept or reject certain types of connections, Hayes had added a number of new commands prefixed by & (the ampersand) to the Smartmodem 2400. When they moved to the Smartmodem 9600, they simply extended the set further, using the same syntax. The other companies involved all used their own syntax; USR used an incompatible set of &-prefixed commands, Microcom used \, and Telebit was based on setting a series of registers. All of these survived for some time into the early 1990s.
Through the late 1980s and early 1990s, new standard high-speed modes were introduced by the CCITT. The first of these, v.32, offered 9600 bit/s in both directions at the same time, whereas earlier high-speed protocols were high-speed in one direction only. In 1988 Hayes effectively abandoned their Express 96 protocol in favor of v.32, which along with MNP support was built into the $1199 USD Hayes V-series Smartmodem 9600. In 1990 the company introduced the Smartmodem Ultra 96 which offered both v.32 and Express 96 support, and added the new v.42bis error correction and compression system (in addition to MNP). v.32 modems remained fairly rare and expensive, although by 1990 third-party v.32 modems were available for approximately 600 USD.
V.32bis[edit]
In 1991, Rockwell introduced a low-cost chipset supporting the new 14,400 bit/s V.32bis standard, along with similar V.32 and V.22bis (2400 bit/s) versions, all of which supported MNP, V.42bis and, optionally, 9600 bit/s V.29 fax modem capabilities. Their system was introduced commercially in the SupraFAXModem 14400, which went on to become a runaway bestseller. Soon there were literally hundreds of similar models on the market, and Rockwell's competitors also rushed in with similar chipsets of their own.
Hayes was never able to re-establish itself as a market leader through this era. They quickly introduced their own v.32bis model in the fall of 1991, the US$799 Smartmodem Ultra 144, but this point Express 96 had little cachet, and the market was already flooded with lower-cost modems. They then split their line into the Accura and Optima brands, offering the Accura as a low-cost model, although the feature sets were not that different between the two lines. Hayes eventually purchased two of their competitors, Practical Peripherals and Cardinal, turning them into low-cost brands in order to compete with companies such as Zoom Telephonics.
As speeds increased with the introduction of V.34 and V.90, Hayes increasingly became a follower rather than a leader. By the mid-1990s their modems were also based on the Rockwell chip set, and had little to distinguish themselves from other vendors.
Oddly it was the Rockwell chip set that also re-standardized the various command sets back on the original high-speed ones introduced by Hayes. As the Rockwell-based systems became more and more common, other companies, like AT&T, introduced new versions of their modem chip sets with identical commands. Rockwell had taken their commands from the V-series Smartmodems, so by the mid-90s the market was once again based largely on a "real" Hayes command set.
Decline and fall[edit]
Hayes realized that changes in the telephone networks would eventually render the modem, in its current form, obsolete. As early as 1985 he started efforts to produce consumer-ready ISDN "modems", betting the company on ISDN becoming a widespread standard—which was widely believed at the time. By the early 1990s, this was a major focus of the company.
However, unlike Europe or Japan, ISDN simply never happened in the US consumer market. The whole model was based on end-to-end digital communications, and was thus limited to the speed of the long-distance carrier lines, either 56 or 64 kbit/s. The Bell companies were interested in deploying ISDN, but doing so required customer-end installations to make their conventional telephones work, which made the system unattractive for wide-scale deployment.
Additionally, the rise of the Internet in the mid-1990s made point-to-point communications far less interesting. After dialing their local Internet service provider, the user could "call out" at high speed to services around the world, so the need for long-distance data calls was generally eliminated. As a result of this shift, there was no real need to limit the user to the speed of the long-distance lines, giving the Bell companies flexibility in terms of what to install at the user's site. Their attention turned to Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line (ADSL), which ran over the existing wiring and did not block a telephone connection in the process. The end-user was offered much higher speeds while still being able to use existing phones, with the added "benefit" of helping tie the user to the telephone company's own ISP.
Hayes, having bet the company on a system that was never actually deployed, had no new products in the pipeline. In an attempt at diversification in January 1991 it had acquired most of the assets of local area network software developer Waterloo Microsystems Inc of Waterloo, Ontario and belatedly entered the operating system (OS) market in June 1991 with LANstep, a network OS for small offices, but this was subsequently abandoned in 1994 in the face of stiff competition particularly from Novell NetWare. An effort was started to move into the market for ADSL and cable modems, but this was a multi-year effort during a period when USR increasingly took over the market. They entered Chapter 11 protection in November 1994, exiting in October 1995 as Hayes Corp. after selling 49% of the company to Nortel and a Singapore-based venture capital firm. In 1997 they merged with Access Beyond, a builder of ISP rack-mount modems and terminal servers, and changed the company name again, this time to Hayes Communications. The merger was primarily a way to take the company public. The stock started crashing over the next year, from around US$12 in early 1998 to pennies in October, when they once again filed for Chapter 11 protection. No new funding could be found, and in 1999 the company assets were liquidated.
The brand name was purchased and revived by onetime rival Zoom Technologies in July 1999. Zoom continues to use the Hayes name on some of their products.
Notes[edit]
A widely circulated history of computing states that the Smartmodem 1200 was introduced in 1981. This "history" is confusing the Smartmodem 1200 with the original Smartmodem. Another confuses the original Smartmodem 9600 with the later V-Series modems, reversing the introduction dates and features.
References[edit]



^ "Data Communication System from D.C. Hayes". Intelligent Machines Journal (10): 6. June 25, 1979. ISSN 0199-6649. 
^ "Hayes Microcomputer Products, Inc.". Computerworld. CW Communications. 15 (17): 42. April 27, 1981. ISSN 0010-4841.  The 300 baud auto-dial/auto-answer Smartmodem had a suggested retail price of $279.
^ "Hayes Smartmodem". Infoworld. InfoWorld Media Group. 3 (14): 9. July 20, 1981. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Smartmodem is the first in a series of products Hays planes to introduce in a standard stack-mount design."
^ The Hayes Stack Chronograph
^ Hayes Smartmodem advertisement from Personal Computing 2/82
^ Markoff, John (April 25, 1983). "Stand-alone Smartmodem 1200 from Hayes". InfoWorld. Vol. 5 no. 27. pp. 90–93. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Hayes Smartmodem 1200, which was introduced in the middle of 1982, ..." Price $699.



External links[edit]

Hayes Photo Album
Hayes Advertising
The Rise and Fall of the Modem King
History of Hayes Corporation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hayes_Microcomputer_Products&oldid=790995565"					
Categories: Defunct computer companies of the United StatesDefunct computer hardware companiesModemsTelecommunications equipment vendorsComputer companies established in 1981Electronics companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1999Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1994Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1998 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschSuomi 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 12:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hayes Microcomputer Products - Wikipedia





















 






Hayes Microcomputer Products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Hayes Microcomputer Products was a U.S.-based manufacturer of modems. The company is well known for the Smartmodem, which introduced a control language for operating the functions of the modem via the serial interface to the data terminal equipment, in contrast to manual operation with front-panel switches. This smart modem approach dramatically simplified and automated operation. Today almost all modems use a variant of the Hayes command set.
Hayes was a major brand in the modem market from the introduction of the original 300 bit/s Smartmodem in 1981, and was known for high quality products. They remained a major vendor throughout the 1980s, periodically introducing models with higher throughput. In the early 1990s a number of greatly cost-reduced high-performance modems were released by competitors, notably the SupraFAXModem 14400, which eroded price points in the market. Hayes was never able to respond effectively. The widespread introduction of ADSL and cable modems in the mid-1990s repeatedly drove the company in Chapter 11 protection before being liquidated in 1999.



Contents


1 Before Hayes
2 Early Hayes products
3 The Smartmodem
4 Competition
5 Higher speeds and increased competition
6 V.32bis
7 Decline and fall
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



Before Hayes[edit]




Dale Heatherington with the prototype 80-103A.






Micromodem II installed in an Apple II. The external "microcoupler" with the phone jacks and analog hardware were connected via the ribbon cable.


Dennis C. Hayes left the Georgia Institute of Technology in the mid-1970s to work at an early data communications company, National Data Corp, a company that handled electronic money transfers and credit card authorizations. Hayes' job was to set up modem connections for NDC's customers.
At the time, modems generally came in two versions, one for the end-user that required the user to dial the phone manually and use an acoustic coupler for connection, and another dedicated to answering incoming calls that was intended for use on the minicomputer or mainframe the user was calling into. The connection and disconnection was entirely manual, with the user picking up the phone's handset, dialing manually, and then pressing the handset into the coupler if a carrier frequency was heard. Disconnecting at the end of the session was also manual, with the user lifting the handset out of the coupler and hanging it up on the phone body in order to depress the hook switch and return the phone to the on-hook state and end the call.
There were optional systems to dial the phone or pick it up, but these were generally implemented as separate devices also intended to be used on one end of the connection or the other. For instance, the autodialler was a system that automated the action of picking up the phone and dialing a number, and was normally implemented as a separate box that connected to another port on the host computer. Such devices were typically expensive and generally used by larger organizations like banks, who might use one to send an end-of-day file to branch offices.
Early Hayes products[edit]
Hayes was a computer hobbyist, and felt that modems would be highly compelling to users of the new 8-bit computers that would soon be known as home computers. However, existing modems were simply too expensive and difficult to use or be practical for most users. What was needed was a single modem that could do it all; connect directly to the phone, answer incoming calls, dial numbers to initiate outgoing calls, and hang up when the call was complete.
The main problem with producing such a modem was forwarding commands from the computer. This could be addressed in internal modems that plugged directly into the computer's motherboard. Such modems had access to the computer's main memory, and by dedicating certain memory locations (or registers) to various status readouts or commands, software programs running on the computer could control the modem. This was a straightforward and thus a popular solution; the Novation APPLE-CAT II for the Apple II computer was an early programmable modem of this type.
Hayes started producing similar products at a "hobby level" in his kitchen in April 1977 with his friend and co-worker, Dale Heatherington. Their first product was the 80-103A, a 300 bit/s Bell 103-compatible design for S-100 bus machines. Business picked up quickly, and in January 1978 they quit their jobs at National Data to form their own company, D.C. Hayes Associates.
Sales were further improved in early 1979 with the introduction of the 300 bit/s Micromodem 100 for S-100 bus computers[1] and the Micromodem II for the Apple II that used an external "microcoupler" to connect to telephone lines. In 1980 the company changed its name to Hayes Microcomputer Products, under which it operated for most of its history.
The Smartmodem[edit]




The original model 300 baud Smartmodem


Although powerful, the internal modem was commercially impractical. Not only did it require special driver software, but a different hardware design was needed for every computer bus, including Apple II, S-100, TRS-80, and others. Some popular computers, like the Atari 400, did not even integrate internal slots. An obvious solution was to use the RS-232 serial port; modems were serial devices and generally driven off RS-232 anyway, and most computer designs included an RS-232 port, or some variant.
Hayes and the company's marketing manager Glenn Sirkis approached Heatherington with an outline for a new command-driven external modem. A few external modems already offered the ability to dial the phone by entering a phone number when the modem was first started, but the real problem was somehow sending a command to hang up, while the modem was already connected. There needed to be some way to indicate that the characters flowing out from the computer to the modem were not simply additional data to be sent to the far end, but commands to be acted on.
Several solutions to the problem were studied, and in the end Heatherington decided the only practical one was to have the modem operate in two modes. In one, data mode, all data forwarded from the computer were modulated and sent over the connected telephone line as it was with any other modem. In the other, command mode, data forwarded from the computer were instead interpreted as commands. In this way, the modem could be instructed by the computer to perform various operations, such as hang up the phone or dial a number. The modem would normally start up in command mode.
The problem was how to move from mode to mode. One option would be to signal this change—"put yourself into command mode"—via one of the many pins in the RS-232 cable. However, while the 25-pin connector on the modem side had more than enough pins for this purpose (even some meant for this purpose), the computer side often used a much smaller 9-pin connector, and equally often many of these pins weren't actually connected or accessible from software. In fact, there were very few pins that were guaranteed to work on all computers, mostly the data in and out, "ready" indications that said whether the modem or computer was operational, and sometimes flow-control pins.
While it would have been possible to use some of these pins for the sort of command-switching they needed (the "ready" indications, for example, would have sufficed) Heatherington instead came up with the idea of using a rarely seen sequence of characters for this duty. Since these characters could be sent to the modem using the same two data pins that the port would need anyway, they could be sure that such a system would work on every computer.
The sequence he decided on was +++ (three plus signs). When this was received from the computer, the modem would switch from data to command mode. Of course it was entirely possible that the computer would send this sequence for other reasons, for example, the sequence might be contained within a text file describing how modems worked. In order to filter out these "accidental" sequences, Heatherington's design only switched to command mode if the sequence was led and followed by a one-second pause, the guard time, in which no other data were sent. In this case it could be safely assumed that the sequence was being sent deliberately by a user, as opposed to being buried in the middle of a data stream.
With the basic idea outlined, Hayes and Sirkis gave Heatherington the go-ahead to build a prototype by adding a microcontroller to an otherwise lightly modified version of their existing 300 bit/s hardware. Sirkis was particularly interested in using the 1 MHz PIC microcontroller, which were available for only US$1 a piece. After six months of trying to get the modem working with the PIC, Heatherington gave up and demanded they use the 8 MHz Zilog Z8 instead, a US$10 part. Sirkis acquiesced, and a working prototype was soon complete.
Hayes added a requirement of his own, that the modem be able to automatically detect what speed the computer's serial port was set to when first powered on. This was not simple unless the modem "knew" what data were initially being sent, allowing it to time the bits and thereby guess the speed. Heatherington eventually suggested the use of a well-known character sequence for this purpose, recommending AT for "attention", which is prefixed on all commands.
The new design, housed in an extruded aluminum case sized to allow a standard desktop telephone to rest on top, was announced in April 1981.[2] It was known simply as the Smartmodem. The Smartmodem was the first modem integrating complete control over the phone line, and that allowed it to be used in exactly the same fashion with any computer.
Hayes originally had big plans for the form factor, referring to it as the Hayes Stack and intending to release a range of products that could be stacked beside the computer. In the end, only two non-modem devices were added to the line.[3] The Hayes Stack Chronograph, an external real-time clock and the Transet 1000, a printer buffer and primitive email box. Both of these items' sales were apparently dismal.[4] Early advertising referred to the Smartmodem as the "Hayes Stack Smartmodem",[5] but this naming convention was dropped a short time later.
At the time of its introduction, the modem market was fairly small, and competitors generally ignored the Smartmodem. But it was not long before hobbyists were able to combine the Smartmodem with new software to create the first real bulletin board systems (BBSes), which created significant market demand. The market grew rapidly in the mid-1980s, and as the Smartmodem was the only truly "universal" modem on the market, Hayes grew to take over much of the market. Heatherington retired from what was then a large company in 1984.
Competition[edit]
The modem market in the 1970s was very simple and stagnant. Modems tended to sell at US$1 per baud. Hayes saw no need to be different—the original Hayes 300 baud modem sold for US$299 retail. At that price point, Hayes could build a "Cadillac of modems", using high-quality components, an extruded aluminum case, and an acrylic front panel with a number of LED indicators.
As the modem market expanded, competitors quickly copied the Hayes command set and often the Hayes industrial design as well. To compete with Hayes on price, early competitors manufactured modems using low-cost components that were often unreliable. Hayes quickly gained a reputation for high quality, and for a time held a 50% market share.
Also differentiating Hayes from its competition was the Smartmodem's use of the guard time. Hayes had patented this concept in 1985 in patent #4,549,302, the Modem With Improved Escape Sequence With Guard Time Mechanism, generally referred to as the "Hayes '302 patent". Hayes licensed the guard time to other manufacturers for $1 a modem—a charge which competitors derisively termed the "modem tax". A number of manufacturers banded together and introduced the Time Independent Escape Sequence, or TIES, but it was not as robust as Heatherington's system and never became very successful.
In 1982, at the Spring Comdex in Atlantic City, Hayes introduced the Bell 212-compatible Smartmodem 1200 for $699, the first practical all-in-one 1200 bit/s Bell 212-compatible modem.[6] The earlier design was redesignated the Smartmodem 300. At the time, Hayes was one of the few modem companies with the capital and engineering wherewithal to develop entirely new modem architectures. However, this was only a limited competitive advantage, since it was not long before companies offering Hayes "clones" introduced derivative 1200 bit/s models of their own.
The 1200 bit/s market existed for a relatively short time; in 1984 the CCITT introduced the v.22bis standard for 2400 bit/s operation. This was the first time that the CCITT's standard predated Bell's introductions, avoiding compatibility issues that had plagued earlier standards. Modem companies quickly incorporated v.22bis into their product lines. Hayes was no exception; the company introduced its v.22bis Smartmodem 2400 at US$549 in 1985 (the 1200 bit/s Smartmodem also remained available at a lower price point). Competition drove prices rapidly downward, and by 1987 a clone 2400 bit/s modem was generally available for around US$250. After 1987, modems increasingly became a commodity item.
Higher speeds and increased competition[edit]
Hayes was not as fast as some other manufacturers to release modems that ran faster than 2400 bit/s, which opened the door for U.S. Robotics (USR) and Telebit to meet market demand with faster products. In 1987 Hayes responded with the 9600 bit/s "Ping-Pong" protocol, which was later renamed "Express 96". The name referred to the way the modems could "ping-pong" the single high-speed link between the two ends on demand, in a fashion similar to the USR and Telebit protocols. However, the Express 96 both was late to market and lacked error correction, making it far less attractive than its competition. The design was generally unsuccessful, and for the first time Hayes lost cachet as the leader in modem design and manufacture.
Hayes's slow entry into the high-speed market led to a fracturing of the command set. In order to set up the modem to accept or reject certain types of connections, Hayes had added a number of new commands prefixed by & (the ampersand) to the Smartmodem 2400. When they moved to the Smartmodem 9600, they simply extended the set further, using the same syntax. The other companies involved all used their own syntax; USR used an incompatible set of &-prefixed commands, Microcom used \, and Telebit was based on setting a series of registers. All of these survived for some time into the early 1990s.
Through the late 1980s and early 1990s, new standard high-speed modes were introduced by the CCITT. The first of these, v.32, offered 9600 bit/s in both directions at the same time, whereas earlier high-speed protocols were high-speed in one direction only. In 1988 Hayes effectively abandoned their Express 96 protocol in favor of v.32, which along with MNP support was built into the $1199 USD Hayes V-series Smartmodem 9600. In 1990 the company introduced the Smartmodem Ultra 96 which offered both v.32 and Express 96 support, and added the new v.42bis error correction and compression system (in addition to MNP). v.32 modems remained fairly rare and expensive, although by 1990 third-party v.32 modems were available for approximately 600 USD.
V.32bis[edit]
In 1991, Rockwell introduced a low-cost chipset supporting the new 14,400 bit/s V.32bis standard, along with similar V.32 and V.22bis (2400 bit/s) versions, all of which supported MNP, V.42bis and, optionally, 9600 bit/s V.29 fax modem capabilities. Their system was introduced commercially in the SupraFAXModem 14400, which went on to become a runaway bestseller. Soon there were literally hundreds of similar models on the market, and Rockwell's competitors also rushed in with similar chipsets of their own.
Hayes was never able to re-establish itself as a market leader through this era. They quickly introduced their own v.32bis model in the fall of 1991, the US$799 Smartmodem Ultra 144, but this point Express 96 had little cachet, and the market was already flooded with lower-cost modems. They then split their line into the Accura and Optima brands, offering the Accura as a low-cost model, although the feature sets were not that different between the two lines. Hayes eventually purchased two of their competitors, Practical Peripherals and Cardinal, turning them into low-cost brands in order to compete with companies such as Zoom Telephonics.
As speeds increased with the introduction of V.34 and V.90, Hayes increasingly became a follower rather than a leader. By the mid-1990s their modems were also based on the Rockwell chip set, and had little to distinguish themselves from other vendors.
Oddly it was the Rockwell chip set that also re-standardized the various command sets back on the original high-speed ones introduced by Hayes. As the Rockwell-based systems became more and more common, other companies, like AT&T, introduced new versions of their modem chip sets with identical commands. Rockwell had taken their commands from the V-series Smartmodems, so by the mid-90s the market was once again based largely on a "real" Hayes command set.
Decline and fall[edit]
Hayes realized that changes in the telephone networks would eventually render the modem, in its current form, obsolete. As early as 1985 he started efforts to produce consumer-ready ISDN "modems", betting the company on ISDN becoming a widespread standard—which was widely believed at the time. By the early 1990s, this was a major focus of the company.
However, unlike Europe or Japan, ISDN simply never happened in the US consumer market. The whole model was based on end-to-end digital communications, and was thus limited to the speed of the long-distance carrier lines, either 56 or 64 kbit/s. The Bell companies were interested in deploying ISDN, but doing so required customer-end installations to make their conventional telephones work, which made the system unattractive for wide-scale deployment.
Additionally, the rise of the Internet in the mid-1990s made point-to-point communications far less interesting. After dialing their local Internet service provider, the user could "call out" at high speed to services around the world, so the need for long-distance data calls was generally eliminated. As a result of this shift, there was no real need to limit the user to the speed of the long-distance lines, giving the Bell companies flexibility in terms of what to install at the user's site. Their attention turned to Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line (ADSL), which ran over the existing wiring and did not block a telephone connection in the process. The end-user was offered much higher speeds while still being able to use existing phones, with the added "benefit" of helping tie the user to the telephone company's own ISP.
Hayes, having bet the company on a system that was never actually deployed, had no new products in the pipeline. In an attempt at diversification in January 1991 it had acquired most of the assets of local area network software developer Waterloo Microsystems Inc of Waterloo, Ontario and belatedly entered the operating system (OS) market in June 1991 with LANstep, a network OS for small offices, but this was subsequently abandoned in 1994 in the face of stiff competition particularly from Novell NetWare. An effort was started to move into the market for ADSL and cable modems, but this was a multi-year effort during a period when USR increasingly took over the market. They entered Chapter 11 protection in November 1994, exiting in October 1995 as Hayes Corp. after selling 49% of the company to Nortel and a Singapore-based venture capital firm. In 1997 they merged with Access Beyond, a builder of ISP rack-mount modems and terminal servers, and changed the company name again, this time to Hayes Communications. The merger was primarily a way to take the company public. The stock started crashing over the next year, from around US$12 in early 1998 to pennies in October, when they once again filed for Chapter 11 protection. No new funding could be found, and in 1999 the company assets were liquidated.
The brand name was purchased and revived by onetime rival Zoom Technologies in July 1999. Zoom continues to use the Hayes name on some of their products.
Notes[edit]
A widely circulated history of computing states that the Smartmodem 1200 was introduced in 1981. This "history" is confusing the Smartmodem 1200 with the original Smartmodem. Another confuses the original Smartmodem 9600 with the later V-Series modems, reversing the introduction dates and features.
References[edit]



^ "Data Communication System from D.C. Hayes". Intelligent Machines Journal (10): 6. June 25, 1979. ISSN 0199-6649. 
^ "Hayes Microcomputer Products, Inc.". Computerworld. CW Communications. 15 (17): 42. April 27, 1981. ISSN 0010-4841.  The 300 baud auto-dial/auto-answer Smartmodem had a suggested retail price of $279.
^ "Hayes Smartmodem". Infoworld. InfoWorld Media Group. 3 (14): 9. July 20, 1981. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Smartmodem is the first in a series of products Hays planes to introduce in a standard stack-mount design."
^ The Hayes Stack Chronograph
^ Hayes Smartmodem advertisement from Personal Computing 2/82
^ Markoff, John (April 25, 1983). "Stand-alone Smartmodem 1200 from Hayes". InfoWorld. Vol. 5 no. 27. pp. 90–93. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Hayes Smartmodem 1200, which was introduced in the middle of 1982, ..." Price $699.



External links[edit]

Hayes Photo Album
Hayes Advertising
The Rise and Fall of the Modem King
History of Hayes Corporation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hayes_Microcomputer_Products&oldid=790995565"					
Categories: Defunct computer companies of the United StatesDefunct computer hardware companiesModemsTelecommunications equipment vendorsComputer companies established in 1981Electronics companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1999Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1994Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1998 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschSuomi 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 12:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hayes Microcomputer Products - Wikipedia





















 






Hayes Microcomputer Products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Hayes Microcomputer Products was a U.S.-based manufacturer of modems. The company is well known for the Smartmodem, which introduced a control language for operating the functions of the modem via the serial interface to the data terminal equipment, in contrast to manual operation with front-panel switches. This smart modem approach dramatically simplified and automated operation. Today almost all modems use a variant of the Hayes command set.
Hayes was a major brand in the modem market from the introduction of the original 300 bit/s Smartmodem in 1981, and was known for high quality products. They remained a major vendor throughout the 1980s, periodically introducing models with higher throughput. In the early 1990s a number of greatly cost-reduced high-performance modems were released by competitors, notably the SupraFAXModem 14400, which eroded price points in the market. Hayes was never able to respond effectively. The widespread introduction of ADSL and cable modems in the mid-1990s repeatedly drove the company in Chapter 11 protection before being liquidated in 1999.



Contents


1 Before Hayes
2 Early Hayes products
3 The Smartmodem
4 Competition
5 Higher speeds and increased competition
6 V.32bis
7 Decline and fall
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



Before Hayes[edit]




Dale Heatherington with the prototype 80-103A.






Micromodem II installed in an Apple II. The external "microcoupler" with the phone jacks and analog hardware were connected via the ribbon cable.


Dennis C. Hayes left the Georgia Institute of Technology in the mid-1970s to work at an early data communications company, National Data Corp, a company that handled electronic money transfers and credit card authorizations. Hayes' job was to set up modem connections for NDC's customers.
At the time, modems generally came in two versions, one for the end-user that required the user to dial the phone manually and use an acoustic coupler for connection, and another dedicated to answering incoming calls that was intended for use on the minicomputer or mainframe the user was calling into. The connection and disconnection was entirely manual, with the user picking up the phone's handset, dialing manually, and then pressing the handset into the coupler if a carrier frequency was heard. Disconnecting at the end of the session was also manual, with the user lifting the handset out of the coupler and hanging it up on the phone body in order to depress the hook switch and return the phone to the on-hook state and end the call.
There were optional systems to dial the phone or pick it up, but these were generally implemented as separate devices also intended to be used on one end of the connection or the other. For instance, the autodialler was a system that automated the action of picking up the phone and dialing a number, and was normally implemented as a separate box that connected to another port on the host computer. Such devices were typically expensive and generally used by larger organizations like banks, who might use one to send an end-of-day file to branch offices.
Early Hayes products[edit]
Hayes was a computer hobbyist, and felt that modems would be highly compelling to users of the new 8-bit computers that would soon be known as home computers. However, existing modems were simply too expensive and difficult to use or be practical for most users. What was needed was a single modem that could do it all; connect directly to the phone, answer incoming calls, dial numbers to initiate outgoing calls, and hang up when the call was complete.
The main problem with producing such a modem was forwarding commands from the computer. This could be addressed in internal modems that plugged directly into the computer's motherboard. Such modems had access to the computer's main memory, and by dedicating certain memory locations (or registers) to various status readouts or commands, software programs running on the computer could control the modem. This was a straightforward and thus a popular solution; the Novation APPLE-CAT II for the Apple II computer was an early programmable modem of this type.
Hayes started producing similar products at a "hobby level" in his kitchen in April 1977 with his friend and co-worker, Dale Heatherington. Their first product was the 80-103A, a 300 bit/s Bell 103-compatible design for S-100 bus machines. Business picked up quickly, and in January 1978 they quit their jobs at National Data to form their own company, D.C. Hayes Associates.
Sales were further improved in early 1979 with the introduction of the 300 bit/s Micromodem 100 for S-100 bus computers[1] and the Micromodem II for the Apple II that used an external "microcoupler" to connect to telephone lines. In 1980 the company changed its name to Hayes Microcomputer Products, under which it operated for most of its history.
The Smartmodem[edit]




The original model 300 baud Smartmodem


Although powerful, the internal modem was commercially impractical. Not only did it require special driver software, but a different hardware design was needed for every computer bus, including Apple II, S-100, TRS-80, and others. Some popular computers, like the Atari 400, did not even integrate internal slots. An obvious solution was to use the RS-232 serial port; modems were serial devices and generally driven off RS-232 anyway, and most computer designs included an RS-232 port, or some variant.
Hayes and the company's marketing manager Glenn Sirkis approached Heatherington with an outline for a new command-driven external modem. A few external modems already offered the ability to dial the phone by entering a phone number when the modem was first started, but the real problem was somehow sending a command to hang up, while the modem was already connected. There needed to be some way to indicate that the characters flowing out from the computer to the modem were not simply additional data to be sent to the far end, but commands to be acted on.
Several solutions to the problem were studied, and in the end Heatherington decided the only practical one was to have the modem operate in two modes. In one, data mode, all data forwarded from the computer were modulated and sent over the connected telephone line as it was with any other modem. In the other, command mode, data forwarded from the computer were instead interpreted as commands. In this way, the modem could be instructed by the computer to perform various operations, such as hang up the phone or dial a number. The modem would normally start up in command mode.
The problem was how to move from mode to mode. One option would be to signal this change—"put yourself into command mode"—via one of the many pins in the RS-232 cable. However, while the 25-pin connector on the modem side had more than enough pins for this purpose (even some meant for this purpose), the computer side often used a much smaller 9-pin connector, and equally often many of these pins weren't actually connected or accessible from software. In fact, there were very few pins that were guaranteed to work on all computers, mostly the data in and out, "ready" indications that said whether the modem or computer was operational, and sometimes flow-control pins.
While it would have been possible to use some of these pins for the sort of command-switching they needed (the "ready" indications, for example, would have sufficed) Heatherington instead came up with the idea of using a rarely seen sequence of characters for this duty. Since these characters could be sent to the modem using the same two data pins that the port would need anyway, they could be sure that such a system would work on every computer.
The sequence he decided on was +++ (three plus signs). When this was received from the computer, the modem would switch from data to command mode. Of course it was entirely possible that the computer would send this sequence for other reasons, for example, the sequence might be contained within a text file describing how modems worked. In order to filter out these "accidental" sequences, Heatherington's design only switched to command mode if the sequence was led and followed by a one-second pause, the guard time, in which no other data were sent. In this case it could be safely assumed that the sequence was being sent deliberately by a user, as opposed to being buried in the middle of a data stream.
With the basic idea outlined, Hayes and Sirkis gave Heatherington the go-ahead to build a prototype by adding a microcontroller to an otherwise lightly modified version of their existing 300 bit/s hardware. Sirkis was particularly interested in using the 1 MHz PIC microcontroller, which were available for only US$1 a piece. After six months of trying to get the modem working with the PIC, Heatherington gave up and demanded they use the 8 MHz Zilog Z8 instead, a US$10 part. Sirkis acquiesced, and a working prototype was soon complete.
Hayes added a requirement of his own, that the modem be able to automatically detect what speed the computer's serial port was set to when first powered on. This was not simple unless the modem "knew" what data were initially being sent, allowing it to time the bits and thereby guess the speed. Heatherington eventually suggested the use of a well-known character sequence for this purpose, recommending AT for "attention", which is prefixed on all commands.
The new design, housed in an extruded aluminum case sized to allow a standard desktop telephone to rest on top, was announced in April 1981.[2] It was known simply as the Smartmodem. The Smartmodem was the first modem integrating complete control over the phone line, and that allowed it to be used in exactly the same fashion with any computer.
Hayes originally had big plans for the form factor, referring to it as the Hayes Stack and intending to release a range of products that could be stacked beside the computer. In the end, only two non-modem devices were added to the line.[3] The Hayes Stack Chronograph, an external real-time clock and the Transet 1000, a printer buffer and primitive email box. Both of these items' sales were apparently dismal.[4] Early advertising referred to the Smartmodem as the "Hayes Stack Smartmodem",[5] but this naming convention was dropped a short time later.
At the time of its introduction, the modem market was fairly small, and competitors generally ignored the Smartmodem. But it was not long before hobbyists were able to combine the Smartmodem with new software to create the first real bulletin board systems (BBSes), which created significant market demand. The market grew rapidly in the mid-1980s, and as the Smartmodem was the only truly "universal" modem on the market, Hayes grew to take over much of the market. Heatherington retired from what was then a large company in 1984.
Competition[edit]
The modem market in the 1970s was very simple and stagnant. Modems tended to sell at US$1 per baud. Hayes saw no need to be different—the original Hayes 300 baud modem sold for US$299 retail. At that price point, Hayes could build a "Cadillac of modems", using high-quality components, an extruded aluminum case, and an acrylic front panel with a number of LED indicators.
As the modem market expanded, competitors quickly copied the Hayes command set and often the Hayes industrial design as well. To compete with Hayes on price, early competitors manufactured modems using low-cost components that were often unreliable. Hayes quickly gained a reputation for high quality, and for a time held a 50% market share.
Also differentiating Hayes from its competition was the Smartmodem's use of the guard time. Hayes had patented this concept in 1985 in patent #4,549,302, the Modem With Improved Escape Sequence With Guard Time Mechanism, generally referred to as the "Hayes '302 patent". Hayes licensed the guard time to other manufacturers for $1 a modem—a charge which competitors derisively termed the "modem tax". A number of manufacturers banded together and introduced the Time Independent Escape Sequence, or TIES, but it was not as robust as Heatherington's system and never became very successful.
In 1982, at the Spring Comdex in Atlantic City, Hayes introduced the Bell 212-compatible Smartmodem 1200 for $699, the first practical all-in-one 1200 bit/s Bell 212-compatible modem.[6] The earlier design was redesignated the Smartmodem 300. At the time, Hayes was one of the few modem companies with the capital and engineering wherewithal to develop entirely new modem architectures. However, this was only a limited competitive advantage, since it was not long before companies offering Hayes "clones" introduced derivative 1200 bit/s models of their own.
The 1200 bit/s market existed for a relatively short time; in 1984 the CCITT introduced the v.22bis standard for 2400 bit/s operation. This was the first time that the CCITT's standard predated Bell's introductions, avoiding compatibility issues that had plagued earlier standards. Modem companies quickly incorporated v.22bis into their product lines. Hayes was no exception; the company introduced its v.22bis Smartmodem 2400 at US$549 in 1985 (the 1200 bit/s Smartmodem also remained available at a lower price point). Competition drove prices rapidly downward, and by 1987 a clone 2400 bit/s modem was generally available for around US$250. After 1987, modems increasingly became a commodity item.
Higher speeds and increased competition[edit]
Hayes was not as fast as some other manufacturers to release modems that ran faster than 2400 bit/s, which opened the door for U.S. Robotics (USR) and Telebit to meet market demand with faster products. In 1987 Hayes responded with the 9600 bit/s "Ping-Pong" protocol, which was later renamed "Express 96". The name referred to the way the modems could "ping-pong" the single high-speed link between the two ends on demand, in a fashion similar to the USR and Telebit protocols. However, the Express 96 both was late to market and lacked error correction, making it far less attractive than its competition. The design was generally unsuccessful, and for the first time Hayes lost cachet as the leader in modem design and manufacture.
Hayes's slow entry into the high-speed market led to a fracturing of the command set. In order to set up the modem to accept or reject certain types of connections, Hayes had added a number of new commands prefixed by & (the ampersand) to the Smartmodem 2400. When they moved to the Smartmodem 9600, they simply extended the set further, using the same syntax. The other companies involved all used their own syntax; USR used an incompatible set of &-prefixed commands, Microcom used \, and Telebit was based on setting a series of registers. All of these survived for some time into the early 1990s.
Through the late 1980s and early 1990s, new standard high-speed modes were introduced by the CCITT. The first of these, v.32, offered 9600 bit/s in both directions at the same time, whereas earlier high-speed protocols were high-speed in one direction only. In 1988 Hayes effectively abandoned their Express 96 protocol in favor of v.32, which along with MNP support was built into the $1199 USD Hayes V-series Smartmodem 9600. In 1990 the company introduced the Smartmodem Ultra 96 which offered both v.32 and Express 96 support, and added the new v.42bis error correction and compression system (in addition to MNP). v.32 modems remained fairly rare and expensive, although by 1990 third-party v.32 modems were available for approximately 600 USD.
V.32bis[edit]
In 1991, Rockwell introduced a low-cost chipset supporting the new 14,400 bit/s V.32bis standard, along with similar V.32 and V.22bis (2400 bit/s) versions, all of which supported MNP, V.42bis and, optionally, 9600 bit/s V.29 fax modem capabilities. Their system was introduced commercially in the SupraFAXModem 14400, which went on to become a runaway bestseller. Soon there were literally hundreds of similar models on the market, and Rockwell's competitors also rushed in with similar chipsets of their own.
Hayes was never able to re-establish itself as a market leader through this era. They quickly introduced their own v.32bis model in the fall of 1991, the US$799 Smartmodem Ultra 144, but this point Express 96 had little cachet, and the market was already flooded with lower-cost modems. They then split their line into the Accura and Optima brands, offering the Accura as a low-cost model, although the feature sets were not that different between the two lines. Hayes eventually purchased two of their competitors, Practical Peripherals and Cardinal, turning them into low-cost brands in order to compete with companies such as Zoom Telephonics.
As speeds increased with the introduction of V.34 and V.90, Hayes increasingly became a follower rather than a leader. By the mid-1990s their modems were also based on the Rockwell chip set, and had little to distinguish themselves from other vendors.
Oddly it was the Rockwell chip set that also re-standardized the various command sets back on the original high-speed ones introduced by Hayes. As the Rockwell-based systems became more and more common, other companies, like AT&T, introduced new versions of their modem chip sets with identical commands. Rockwell had taken their commands from the V-series Smartmodems, so by the mid-90s the market was once again based largely on a "real" Hayes command set.
Decline and fall[edit]
Hayes realized that changes in the telephone networks would eventually render the modem, in its current form, obsolete. As early as 1985 he started efforts to produce consumer-ready ISDN "modems", betting the company on ISDN becoming a widespread standard—which was widely believed at the time. By the early 1990s, this was a major focus of the company.
However, unlike Europe or Japan, ISDN simply never happened in the US consumer market. The whole model was based on end-to-end digital communications, and was thus limited to the speed of the long-distance carrier lines, either 56 or 64 kbit/s. The Bell companies were interested in deploying ISDN, but doing so required customer-end installations to make their conventional telephones work, which made the system unattractive for wide-scale deployment.
Additionally, the rise of the Internet in the mid-1990s made point-to-point communications far less interesting. After dialing their local Internet service provider, the user could "call out" at high speed to services around the world, so the need for long-distance data calls was generally eliminated. As a result of this shift, there was no real need to limit the user to the speed of the long-distance lines, giving the Bell companies flexibility in terms of what to install at the user's site. Their attention turned to Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line (ADSL), which ran over the existing wiring and did not block a telephone connection in the process. The end-user was offered much higher speeds while still being able to use existing phones, with the added "benefit" of helping tie the user to the telephone company's own ISP.
Hayes, having bet the company on a system that was never actually deployed, had no new products in the pipeline. In an attempt at diversification in January 1991 it had acquired most of the assets of local area network software developer Waterloo Microsystems Inc of Waterloo, Ontario and belatedly entered the operating system (OS) market in June 1991 with LANstep, a network OS for small offices, but this was subsequently abandoned in 1994 in the face of stiff competition particularly from Novell NetWare. An effort was started to move into the market for ADSL and cable modems, but this was a multi-year effort during a period when USR increasingly took over the market. They entered Chapter 11 protection in November 1994, exiting in October 1995 as Hayes Corp. after selling 49% of the company to Nortel and a Singapore-based venture capital firm. In 1997 they merged with Access Beyond, a builder of ISP rack-mount modems and terminal servers, and changed the company name again, this time to Hayes Communications. The merger was primarily a way to take the company public. The stock started crashing over the next year, from around US$12 in early 1998 to pennies in October, when they once again filed for Chapter 11 protection. No new funding could be found, and in 1999 the company assets were liquidated.
The brand name was purchased and revived by onetime rival Zoom Technologies in July 1999. Zoom continues to use the Hayes name on some of their products.
Notes[edit]
A widely circulated history of computing states that the Smartmodem 1200 was introduced in 1981. This "history" is confusing the Smartmodem 1200 with the original Smartmodem. Another confuses the original Smartmodem 9600 with the later V-Series modems, reversing the introduction dates and features.
References[edit]



^ "Data Communication System from D.C. Hayes". Intelligent Machines Journal (10): 6. June 25, 1979. ISSN 0199-6649. 
^ "Hayes Microcomputer Products, Inc.". Computerworld. CW Communications. 15 (17): 42. April 27, 1981. ISSN 0010-4841.  The 300 baud auto-dial/auto-answer Smartmodem had a suggested retail price of $279.
^ "Hayes Smartmodem". Infoworld. InfoWorld Media Group. 3 (14): 9. July 20, 1981. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Smartmodem is the first in a series of products Hays planes to introduce in a standard stack-mount design."
^ The Hayes Stack Chronograph
^ Hayes Smartmodem advertisement from Personal Computing 2/82
^ Markoff, John (April 25, 1983). "Stand-alone Smartmodem 1200 from Hayes". InfoWorld. Vol. 5 no. 27. pp. 90–93. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Hayes Smartmodem 1200, which was introduced in the middle of 1982, ..." Price $699.



External links[edit]

Hayes Photo Album
Hayes Advertising
The Rise and Fall of the Modem King
History of Hayes Corporation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hayes_Microcomputer_Products&oldid=790995565"					
Categories: Defunct computer companies of the United StatesDefunct computer hardware companiesModemsTelecommunications equipment vendorsComputer companies established in 1981Electronics companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1999Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1994Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1998 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschSuomi 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 12:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hayes Microcomputer Products - Wikipedia





















 






Hayes Microcomputer Products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Hayes Microcomputer Products was a U.S.-based manufacturer of modems. The company is well known for the Smartmodem, which introduced a control language for operating the functions of the modem via the serial interface to the data terminal equipment, in contrast to manual operation with front-panel switches. This smart modem approach dramatically simplified and automated operation. Today almost all modems use a variant of the Hayes command set.
Hayes was a major brand in the modem market from the introduction of the original 300 bit/s Smartmodem in 1981, and was known for high quality products. They remained a major vendor throughout the 1980s, periodically introducing models with higher throughput. In the early 1990s a number of greatly cost-reduced high-performance modems were released by competitors, notably the SupraFAXModem 14400, which eroded price points in the market. Hayes was never able to respond effectively. The widespread introduction of ADSL and cable modems in the mid-1990s repeatedly drove the company in Chapter 11 protection before being liquidated in 1999.



Contents


1 Before Hayes
2 Early Hayes products
3 The Smartmodem
4 Competition
5 Higher speeds and increased competition
6 V.32bis
7 Decline and fall
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



Before Hayes[edit]




Dale Heatherington with the prototype 80-103A.






Micromodem II installed in an Apple II. The external "microcoupler" with the phone jacks and analog hardware were connected via the ribbon cable.


Dennis C. Hayes left the Georgia Institute of Technology in the mid-1970s to work at an early data communications company, National Data Corp, a company that handled electronic money transfers and credit card authorizations. Hayes' job was to set up modem connections for NDC's customers.
At the time, modems generally came in two versions, one for the end-user that required the user to dial the phone manually and use an acoustic coupler for connection, and another dedicated to answering incoming calls that was intended for use on the minicomputer or mainframe the user was calling into. The connection and disconnection was entirely manual, with the user picking up the phone's handset, dialing manually, and then pressing the handset into the coupler if a carrier frequency was heard. Disconnecting at the end of the session was also manual, with the user lifting the handset out of the coupler and hanging it up on the phone body in order to depress the hook switch and return the phone to the on-hook state and end the call.
There were optional systems to dial the phone or pick it up, but these were generally implemented as separate devices also intended to be used on one end of the connection or the other. For instance, the autodialler was a system that automated the action of picking up the phone and dialing a number, and was normally implemented as a separate box that connected to another port on the host computer. Such devices were typically expensive and generally used by larger organizations like banks, who might use one to send an end-of-day file to branch offices.
Early Hayes products[edit]
Hayes was a computer hobbyist, and felt that modems would be highly compelling to users of the new 8-bit computers that would soon be known as home computers. However, existing modems were simply too expensive and difficult to use or be practical for most users. What was needed was a single modem that could do it all; connect directly to the phone, answer incoming calls, dial numbers to initiate outgoing calls, and hang up when the call was complete.
The main problem with producing such a modem was forwarding commands from the computer. This could be addressed in internal modems that plugged directly into the computer's motherboard. Such modems had access to the computer's main memory, and by dedicating certain memory locations (or registers) to various status readouts or commands, software programs running on the computer could control the modem. This was a straightforward and thus a popular solution; the Novation APPLE-CAT II for the Apple II computer was an early programmable modem of this type.
Hayes started producing similar products at a "hobby level" in his kitchen in April 1977 with his friend and co-worker, Dale Heatherington. Their first product was the 80-103A, a 300 bit/s Bell 103-compatible design for S-100 bus machines. Business picked up quickly, and in January 1978 they quit their jobs at National Data to form their own company, D.C. Hayes Associates.
Sales were further improved in early 1979 with the introduction of the 300 bit/s Micromodem 100 for S-100 bus computers[1] and the Micromodem II for the Apple II that used an external "microcoupler" to connect to telephone lines. In 1980 the company changed its name to Hayes Microcomputer Products, under which it operated for most of its history.
The Smartmodem[edit]




The original model 300 baud Smartmodem


Although powerful, the internal modem was commercially impractical. Not only did it require special driver software, but a different hardware design was needed for every computer bus, including Apple II, S-100, TRS-80, and others. Some popular computers, like the Atari 400, did not even integrate internal slots. An obvious solution was to use the RS-232 serial port; modems were serial devices and generally driven off RS-232 anyway, and most computer designs included an RS-232 port, or some variant.
Hayes and the company's marketing manager Glenn Sirkis approached Heatherington with an outline for a new command-driven external modem. A few external modems already offered the ability to dial the phone by entering a phone number when the modem was first started, but the real problem was somehow sending a command to hang up, while the modem was already connected. There needed to be some way to indicate that the characters flowing out from the computer to the modem were not simply additional data to be sent to the far end, but commands to be acted on.
Several solutions to the problem were studied, and in the end Heatherington decided the only practical one was to have the modem operate in two modes. In one, data mode, all data forwarded from the computer were modulated and sent over the connected telephone line as it was with any other modem. In the other, command mode, data forwarded from the computer were instead interpreted as commands. In this way, the modem could be instructed by the computer to perform various operations, such as hang up the phone or dial a number. The modem would normally start up in command mode.
The problem was how to move from mode to mode. One option would be to signal this change—"put yourself into command mode"—via one of the many pins in the RS-232 cable. However, while the 25-pin connector on the modem side had more than enough pins for this purpose (even some meant for this purpose), the computer side often used a much smaller 9-pin connector, and equally often many of these pins weren't actually connected or accessible from software. In fact, there were very few pins that were guaranteed to work on all computers, mostly the data in and out, "ready" indications that said whether the modem or computer was operational, and sometimes flow-control pins.
While it would have been possible to use some of these pins for the sort of command-switching they needed (the "ready" indications, for example, would have sufficed) Heatherington instead came up with the idea of using a rarely seen sequence of characters for this duty. Since these characters could be sent to the modem using the same two data pins that the port would need anyway, they could be sure that such a system would work on every computer.
The sequence he decided on was +++ (three plus signs). When this was received from the computer, the modem would switch from data to command mode. Of course it was entirely possible that the computer would send this sequence for other reasons, for example, the sequence might be contained within a text file describing how modems worked. In order to filter out these "accidental" sequences, Heatherington's design only switched to command mode if the sequence was led and followed by a one-second pause, the guard time, in which no other data were sent. In this case it could be safely assumed that the sequence was being sent deliberately by a user, as opposed to being buried in the middle of a data stream.
With the basic idea outlined, Hayes and Sirkis gave Heatherington the go-ahead to build a prototype by adding a microcontroller to an otherwise lightly modified version of their existing 300 bit/s hardware. Sirkis was particularly interested in using the 1 MHz PIC microcontroller, which were available for only US$1 a piece. After six months of trying to get the modem working with the PIC, Heatherington gave up and demanded they use the 8 MHz Zilog Z8 instead, a US$10 part. Sirkis acquiesced, and a working prototype was soon complete.
Hayes added a requirement of his own, that the modem be able to automatically detect what speed the computer's serial port was set to when first powered on. This was not simple unless the modem "knew" what data were initially being sent, allowing it to time the bits and thereby guess the speed. Heatherington eventually suggested the use of a well-known character sequence for this purpose, recommending AT for "attention", which is prefixed on all commands.
The new design, housed in an extruded aluminum case sized to allow a standard desktop telephone to rest on top, was announced in April 1981.[2] It was known simply as the Smartmodem. The Smartmodem was the first modem integrating complete control over the phone line, and that allowed it to be used in exactly the same fashion with any computer.
Hayes originally had big plans for the form factor, referring to it as the Hayes Stack and intending to release a range of products that could be stacked beside the computer. In the end, only two non-modem devices were added to the line.[3] The Hayes Stack Chronograph, an external real-time clock and the Transet 1000, a printer buffer and primitive email box. Both of these items' sales were apparently dismal.[4] Early advertising referred to the Smartmodem as the "Hayes Stack Smartmodem",[5] but this naming convention was dropped a short time later.
At the time of its introduction, the modem market was fairly small, and competitors generally ignored the Smartmodem. But it was not long before hobbyists were able to combine the Smartmodem with new software to create the first real bulletin board systems (BBSes), which created significant market demand. The market grew rapidly in the mid-1980s, and as the Smartmodem was the only truly "universal" modem on the market, Hayes grew to take over much of the market. Heatherington retired from what was then a large company in 1984.
Competition[edit]
The modem market in the 1970s was very simple and stagnant. Modems tended to sell at US$1 per baud. Hayes saw no need to be different—the original Hayes 300 baud modem sold for US$299 retail. At that price point, Hayes could build a "Cadillac of modems", using high-quality components, an extruded aluminum case, and an acrylic front panel with a number of LED indicators.
As the modem market expanded, competitors quickly copied the Hayes command set and often the Hayes industrial design as well. To compete with Hayes on price, early competitors manufactured modems using low-cost components that were often unreliable. Hayes quickly gained a reputation for high quality, and for a time held a 50% market share.
Also differentiating Hayes from its competition was the Smartmodem's use of the guard time. Hayes had patented this concept in 1985 in patent #4,549,302, the Modem With Improved Escape Sequence With Guard Time Mechanism, generally referred to as the "Hayes '302 patent". Hayes licensed the guard time to other manufacturers for $1 a modem—a charge which competitors derisively termed the "modem tax". A number of manufacturers banded together and introduced the Time Independent Escape Sequence, or TIES, but it was not as robust as Heatherington's system and never became very successful.
In 1982, at the Spring Comdex in Atlantic City, Hayes introduced the Bell 212-compatible Smartmodem 1200 for $699, the first practical all-in-one 1200 bit/s Bell 212-compatible modem.[6] The earlier design was redesignated the Smartmodem 300. At the time, Hayes was one of the few modem companies with the capital and engineering wherewithal to develop entirely new modem architectures. However, this was only a limited competitive advantage, since it was not long before companies offering Hayes "clones" introduced derivative 1200 bit/s models of their own.
The 1200 bit/s market existed for a relatively short time; in 1984 the CCITT introduced the v.22bis standard for 2400 bit/s operation. This was the first time that the CCITT's standard predated Bell's introductions, avoiding compatibility issues that had plagued earlier standards. Modem companies quickly incorporated v.22bis into their product lines. Hayes was no exception; the company introduced its v.22bis Smartmodem 2400 at US$549 in 1985 (the 1200 bit/s Smartmodem also remained available at a lower price point). Competition drove prices rapidly downward, and by 1987 a clone 2400 bit/s modem was generally available for around US$250. After 1987, modems increasingly became a commodity item.
Higher speeds and increased competition[edit]
Hayes was not as fast as some other manufacturers to release modems that ran faster than 2400 bit/s, which opened the door for U.S. Robotics (USR) and Telebit to meet market demand with faster products. In 1987 Hayes responded with the 9600 bit/s "Ping-Pong" protocol, which was later renamed "Express 96". The name referred to the way the modems could "ping-pong" the single high-speed link between the two ends on demand, in a fashion similar to the USR and Telebit protocols. However, the Express 96 both was late to market and lacked error correction, making it far less attractive than its competition. The design was generally unsuccessful, and for the first time Hayes lost cachet as the leader in modem design and manufacture.
Hayes's slow entry into the high-speed market led to a fracturing of the command set. In order to set up the modem to accept or reject certain types of connections, Hayes had added a number of new commands prefixed by & (the ampersand) to the Smartmodem 2400. When they moved to the Smartmodem 9600, they simply extended the set further, using the same syntax. The other companies involved all used their own syntax; USR used an incompatible set of &-prefixed commands, Microcom used \, and Telebit was based on setting a series of registers. All of these survived for some time into the early 1990s.
Through the late 1980s and early 1990s, new standard high-speed modes were introduced by the CCITT. The first of these, v.32, offered 9600 bit/s in both directions at the same time, whereas earlier high-speed protocols were high-speed in one direction only. In 1988 Hayes effectively abandoned their Express 96 protocol in favor of v.32, which along with MNP support was built into the $1199 USD Hayes V-series Smartmodem 9600. In 1990 the company introduced the Smartmodem Ultra 96 which offered both v.32 and Express 96 support, and added the new v.42bis error correction and compression system (in addition to MNP). v.32 modems remained fairly rare and expensive, although by 1990 third-party v.32 modems were available for approximately 600 USD.
V.32bis[edit]
In 1991, Rockwell introduced a low-cost chipset supporting the new 14,400 bit/s V.32bis standard, along with similar V.32 and V.22bis (2400 bit/s) versions, all of which supported MNP, V.42bis and, optionally, 9600 bit/s V.29 fax modem capabilities. Their system was introduced commercially in the SupraFAXModem 14400, which went on to become a runaway bestseller. Soon there were literally hundreds of similar models on the market, and Rockwell's competitors also rushed in with similar chipsets of their own.
Hayes was never able to re-establish itself as a market leader through this era. They quickly introduced their own v.32bis model in the fall of 1991, the US$799 Smartmodem Ultra 144, but this point Express 96 had little cachet, and the market was already flooded with lower-cost modems. They then split their line into the Accura and Optima brands, offering the Accura as a low-cost model, although the feature sets were not that different between the two lines. Hayes eventually purchased two of their competitors, Practical Peripherals and Cardinal, turning them into low-cost brands in order to compete with companies such as Zoom Telephonics.
As speeds increased with the introduction of V.34 and V.90, Hayes increasingly became a follower rather than a leader. By the mid-1990s their modems were also based on the Rockwell chip set, and had little to distinguish themselves from other vendors.
Oddly it was the Rockwell chip set that also re-standardized the various command sets back on the original high-speed ones introduced by Hayes. As the Rockwell-based systems became more and more common, other companies, like AT&T, introduced new versions of their modem chip sets with identical commands. Rockwell had taken their commands from the V-series Smartmodems, so by the mid-90s the market was once again based largely on a "real" Hayes command set.
Decline and fall[edit]
Hayes realized that changes in the telephone networks would eventually render the modem, in its current form, obsolete. As early as 1985 he started efforts to produce consumer-ready ISDN "modems", betting the company on ISDN becoming a widespread standard—which was widely believed at the time. By the early 1990s, this was a major focus of the company.
However, unlike Europe or Japan, ISDN simply never happened in the US consumer market. The whole model was based on end-to-end digital communications, and was thus limited to the speed of the long-distance carrier lines, either 56 or 64 kbit/s. The Bell companies were interested in deploying ISDN, but doing so required customer-end installations to make their conventional telephones work, which made the system unattractive for wide-scale deployment.
Additionally, the rise of the Internet in the mid-1990s made point-to-point communications far less interesting. After dialing their local Internet service provider, the user could "call out" at high speed to services around the world, so the need for long-distance data calls was generally eliminated. As a result of this shift, there was no real need to limit the user to the speed of the long-distance lines, giving the Bell companies flexibility in terms of what to install at the user's site. Their attention turned to Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line (ADSL), which ran over the existing wiring and did not block a telephone connection in the process. The end-user was offered much higher speeds while still being able to use existing phones, with the added "benefit" of helping tie the user to the telephone company's own ISP.
Hayes, having bet the company on a system that was never actually deployed, had no new products in the pipeline. In an attempt at diversification in January 1991 it had acquired most of the assets of local area network software developer Waterloo Microsystems Inc of Waterloo, Ontario and belatedly entered the operating system (OS) market in June 1991 with LANstep, a network OS for small offices, but this was subsequently abandoned in 1994 in the face of stiff competition particularly from Novell NetWare. An effort was started to move into the market for ADSL and cable modems, but this was a multi-year effort during a period when USR increasingly took over the market. They entered Chapter 11 protection in November 1994, exiting in October 1995 as Hayes Corp. after selling 49% of the company to Nortel and a Singapore-based venture capital firm. In 1997 they merged with Access Beyond, a builder of ISP rack-mount modems and terminal servers, and changed the company name again, this time to Hayes Communications. The merger was primarily a way to take the company public. The stock started crashing over the next year, from around US$12 in early 1998 to pennies in October, when they once again filed for Chapter 11 protection. No new funding could be found, and in 1999 the company assets were liquidated.
The brand name was purchased and revived by onetime rival Zoom Technologies in July 1999. Zoom continues to use the Hayes name on some of their products.
Notes[edit]
A widely circulated history of computing states that the Smartmodem 1200 was introduced in 1981. This "history" is confusing the Smartmodem 1200 with the original Smartmodem. Another confuses the original Smartmodem 9600 with the later V-Series modems, reversing the introduction dates and features.
References[edit]



^ "Data Communication System from D.C. Hayes". Intelligent Machines Journal (10): 6. June 25, 1979. ISSN 0199-6649. 
^ "Hayes Microcomputer Products, Inc.". Computerworld. CW Communications. 15 (17): 42. April 27, 1981. ISSN 0010-4841.  The 300 baud auto-dial/auto-answer Smartmodem had a suggested retail price of $279.
^ "Hayes Smartmodem". Infoworld. InfoWorld Media Group. 3 (14): 9. July 20, 1981. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Smartmodem is the first in a series of products Hays planes to introduce in a standard stack-mount design."
^ The Hayes Stack Chronograph
^ Hayes Smartmodem advertisement from Personal Computing 2/82
^ Markoff, John (April 25, 1983). "Stand-alone Smartmodem 1200 from Hayes". InfoWorld. Vol. 5 no. 27. pp. 90–93. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Hayes Smartmodem 1200, which was introduced in the middle of 1982, ..." Price $699.



External links[edit]

Hayes Photo Album
Hayes Advertising
The Rise and Fall of the Modem King
History of Hayes Corporation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hayes_Microcomputer_Products&oldid=790995565"					
Categories: Defunct computer companies of the United StatesDefunct computer hardware companiesModemsTelecommunications equipment vendorsComputer companies established in 1981Electronics companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1999Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1994Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1998 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschSuomi 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 12:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hayes Microcomputer Products - Wikipedia





















 






Hayes Microcomputer Products

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Hayes Microcomputer Products was a U.S.-based manufacturer of modems. The company is well known for the Smartmodem, which introduced a control language for operating the functions of the modem via the serial interface to the data terminal equipment, in contrast to manual operation with front-panel switches. This smart modem approach dramatically simplified and automated operation. Today almost all modems use a variant of the Hayes command set.
Hayes was a major brand in the modem market from the introduction of the original 300 bit/s Smartmodem in 1981, and was known for high quality products. They remained a major vendor throughout the 1980s, periodically introducing models with higher throughput. In the early 1990s a number of greatly cost-reduced high-performance modems were released by competitors, notably the SupraFAXModem 14400, which eroded price points in the market. Hayes was never able to respond effectively. The widespread introduction of ADSL and cable modems in the mid-1990s repeatedly drove the company in Chapter 11 protection before being liquidated in 1999.



Contents


1 Before Hayes
2 Early Hayes products
3 The Smartmodem
4 Competition
5 Higher speeds and increased competition
6 V.32bis
7 Decline and fall
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



Before Hayes[edit]




Dale Heatherington with the prototype 80-103A.






Micromodem II installed in an Apple II. The external "microcoupler" with the phone jacks and analog hardware were connected via the ribbon cable.


Dennis C. Hayes left the Georgia Institute of Technology in the mid-1970s to work at an early data communications company, National Data Corp, a company that handled electronic money transfers and credit card authorizations. Hayes' job was to set up modem connections for NDC's customers.
At the time, modems generally came in two versions, one for the end-user that required the user to dial the phone manually and use an acoustic coupler for connection, and another dedicated to answering incoming calls that was intended for use on the minicomputer or mainframe the user was calling into. The connection and disconnection was entirely manual, with the user picking up the phone's handset, dialing manually, and then pressing the handset into the coupler if a carrier frequency was heard. Disconnecting at the end of the session was also manual, with the user lifting the handset out of the coupler and hanging it up on the phone body in order to depress the hook switch and return the phone to the on-hook state and end the call.
There were optional systems to dial the phone or pick it up, but these were generally implemented as separate devices also intended to be used on one end of the connection or the other. For instance, the autodialler was a system that automated the action of picking up the phone and dialing a number, and was normally implemented as a separate box that connected to another port on the host computer. Such devices were typically expensive and generally used by larger organizations like banks, who might use one to send an end-of-day file to branch offices.
Early Hayes products[edit]
Hayes was a computer hobbyist, and felt that modems would be highly compelling to users of the new 8-bit computers that would soon be known as home computers. However, existing modems were simply too expensive and difficult to use or be practical for most users. What was needed was a single modem that could do it all; connect directly to the phone, answer incoming calls, dial numbers to initiate outgoing calls, and hang up when the call was complete.
The main problem with producing such a modem was forwarding commands from the computer. This could be addressed in internal modems that plugged directly into the computer's motherboard. Such modems had access to the computer's main memory, and by dedicating certain memory locations (or registers) to various status readouts or commands, software programs running on the computer could control the modem. This was a straightforward and thus a popular solution; the Novation APPLE-CAT II for the Apple II computer was an early programmable modem of this type.
Hayes started producing similar products at a "hobby level" in his kitchen in April 1977 with his friend and co-worker, Dale Heatherington. Their first product was the 80-103A, a 300 bit/s Bell 103-compatible design for S-100 bus machines. Business picked up quickly, and in January 1978 they quit their jobs at National Data to form their own company, D.C. Hayes Associates.
Sales were further improved in early 1979 with the introduction of the 300 bit/s Micromodem 100 for S-100 bus computers[1] and the Micromodem II for the Apple II that used an external "microcoupler" to connect to telephone lines. In 1980 the company changed its name to Hayes Microcomputer Products, under which it operated for most of its history.
The Smartmodem[edit]




The original model 300 baud Smartmodem


Although powerful, the internal modem was commercially impractical. Not only did it require special driver software, but a different hardware design was needed for every computer bus, including Apple II, S-100, TRS-80, and others. Some popular computers, like the Atari 400, did not even integrate internal slots. An obvious solution was to use the RS-232 serial port; modems were serial devices and generally driven off RS-232 anyway, and most computer designs included an RS-232 port, or some variant.
Hayes and the company's marketing manager Glenn Sirkis approached Heatherington with an outline for a new command-driven external modem. A few external modems already offered the ability to dial the phone by entering a phone number when the modem was first started, but the real problem was somehow sending a command to hang up, while the modem was already connected. There needed to be some way to indicate that the characters flowing out from the computer to the modem were not simply additional data to be sent to the far end, but commands to be acted on.
Several solutions to the problem were studied, and in the end Heatherington decided the only practical one was to have the modem operate in two modes. In one, data mode, all data forwarded from the computer were modulated and sent over the connected telephone line as it was with any other modem. In the other, command mode, data forwarded from the computer were instead interpreted as commands. In this way, the modem could be instructed by the computer to perform various operations, such as hang up the phone or dial a number. The modem would normally start up in command mode.
The problem was how to move from mode to mode. One option would be to signal this change—"put yourself into command mode"—via one of the many pins in the RS-232 cable. However, while the 25-pin connector on the modem side had more than enough pins for this purpose (even some meant for this purpose), the computer side often used a much smaller 9-pin connector, and equally often many of these pins weren't actually connected or accessible from software. In fact, there were very few pins that were guaranteed to work on all computers, mostly the data in and out, "ready" indications that said whether the modem or computer was operational, and sometimes flow-control pins.
While it would have been possible to use some of these pins for the sort of command-switching they needed (the "ready" indications, for example, would have sufficed) Heatherington instead came up with the idea of using a rarely seen sequence of characters for this duty. Since these characters could be sent to the modem using the same two data pins that the port would need anyway, they could be sure that such a system would work on every computer.
The sequence he decided on was +++ (three plus signs). When this was received from the computer, the modem would switch from data to command mode. Of course it was entirely possible that the computer would send this sequence for other reasons, for example, the sequence might be contained within a text file describing how modems worked. In order to filter out these "accidental" sequences, Heatherington's design only switched to command mode if the sequence was led and followed by a one-second pause, the guard time, in which no other data were sent. In this case it could be safely assumed that the sequence was being sent deliberately by a user, as opposed to being buried in the middle of a data stream.
With the basic idea outlined, Hayes and Sirkis gave Heatherington the go-ahead to build a prototype by adding a microcontroller to an otherwise lightly modified version of their existing 300 bit/s hardware. Sirkis was particularly interested in using the 1 MHz PIC microcontroller, which were available for only US$1 a piece. After six months of trying to get the modem working with the PIC, Heatherington gave up and demanded they use the 8 MHz Zilog Z8 instead, a US$10 part. Sirkis acquiesced, and a working prototype was soon complete.
Hayes added a requirement of his own, that the modem be able to automatically detect what speed the computer's serial port was set to when first powered on. This was not simple unless the modem "knew" what data were initially being sent, allowing it to time the bits and thereby guess the speed. Heatherington eventually suggested the use of a well-known character sequence for this purpose, recommending AT for "attention", which is prefixed on all commands.
The new design, housed in an extruded aluminum case sized to allow a standard desktop telephone to rest on top, was announced in April 1981.[2] It was known simply as the Smartmodem. The Smartmodem was the first modem integrating complete control over the phone line, and that allowed it to be used in exactly the same fashion with any computer.
Hayes originally had big plans for the form factor, referring to it as the Hayes Stack and intending to release a range of products that could be stacked beside the computer. In the end, only two non-modem devices were added to the line.[3] The Hayes Stack Chronograph, an external real-time clock and the Transet 1000, a printer buffer and primitive email box. Both of these items' sales were apparently dismal.[4] Early advertising referred to the Smartmodem as the "Hayes Stack Smartmodem",[5] but this naming convention was dropped a short time later.
At the time of its introduction, the modem market was fairly small, and competitors generally ignored the Smartmodem. But it was not long before hobbyists were able to combine the Smartmodem with new software to create the first real bulletin board systems (BBSes), which created significant market demand. The market grew rapidly in the mid-1980s, and as the Smartmodem was the only truly "universal" modem on the market, Hayes grew to take over much of the market. Heatherington retired from what was then a large company in 1984.
Competition[edit]
The modem market in the 1970s was very simple and stagnant. Modems tended to sell at US$1 per baud. Hayes saw no need to be different—the original Hayes 300 baud modem sold for US$299 retail. At that price point, Hayes could build a "Cadillac of modems", using high-quality components, an extruded aluminum case, and an acrylic front panel with a number of LED indicators.
As the modem market expanded, competitors quickly copied the Hayes command set and often the Hayes industrial design as well. To compete with Hayes on price, early competitors manufactured modems using low-cost components that were often unreliable. Hayes quickly gained a reputation for high quality, and for a time held a 50% market share.
Also differentiating Hayes from its competition was the Smartmodem's use of the guard time. Hayes had patented this concept in 1985 in patent #4,549,302, the Modem With Improved Escape Sequence With Guard Time Mechanism, generally referred to as the "Hayes '302 patent". Hayes licensed the guard time to other manufacturers for $1 a modem—a charge which competitors derisively termed the "modem tax". A number of manufacturers banded together and introduced the Time Independent Escape Sequence, or TIES, but it was not as robust as Heatherington's system and never became very successful.
In 1982, at the Spring Comdex in Atlantic City, Hayes introduced the Bell 212-compatible Smartmodem 1200 for $699, the first practical all-in-one 1200 bit/s Bell 212-compatible modem.[6] The earlier design was redesignated the Smartmodem 300. At the time, Hayes was one of the few modem companies with the capital and engineering wherewithal to develop entirely new modem architectures. However, this was only a limited competitive advantage, since it was not long before companies offering Hayes "clones" introduced derivative 1200 bit/s models of their own.
The 1200 bit/s market existed for a relatively short time; in 1984 the CCITT introduced the v.22bis standard for 2400 bit/s operation. This was the first time that the CCITT's standard predated Bell's introductions, avoiding compatibility issues that had plagued earlier standards. Modem companies quickly incorporated v.22bis into their product lines. Hayes was no exception; the company introduced its v.22bis Smartmodem 2400 at US$549 in 1985 (the 1200 bit/s Smartmodem also remained available at a lower price point). Competition drove prices rapidly downward, and by 1987 a clone 2400 bit/s modem was generally available for around US$250. After 1987, modems increasingly became a commodity item.
Higher speeds and increased competition[edit]
Hayes was not as fast as some other manufacturers to release modems that ran faster than 2400 bit/s, which opened the door for U.S. Robotics (USR) and Telebit to meet market demand with faster products. In 1987 Hayes responded with the 9600 bit/s "Ping-Pong" protocol, which was later renamed "Express 96". The name referred to the way the modems could "ping-pong" the single high-speed link between the two ends on demand, in a fashion similar to the USR and Telebit protocols. However, the Express 96 both was late to market and lacked error correction, making it far less attractive than its competition. The design was generally unsuccessful, and for the first time Hayes lost cachet as the leader in modem design and manufacture.
Hayes's slow entry into the high-speed market led to a fracturing of the command set. In order to set up the modem to accept or reject certain types of connections, Hayes had added a number of new commands prefixed by & (the ampersand) to the Smartmodem 2400. When they moved to the Smartmodem 9600, they simply extended the set further, using the same syntax. The other companies involved all used their own syntax; USR used an incompatible set of &-prefixed commands, Microcom used \, and Telebit was based on setting a series of registers. All of these survived for some time into the early 1990s.
Through the late 1980s and early 1990s, new standard high-speed modes were introduced by the CCITT. The first of these, v.32, offered 9600 bit/s in both directions at the same time, whereas earlier high-speed protocols were high-speed in one direction only. In 1988 Hayes effectively abandoned their Express 96 protocol in favor of v.32, which along with MNP support was built into the $1199 USD Hayes V-series Smartmodem 9600. In 1990 the company introduced the Smartmodem Ultra 96 which offered both v.32 and Express 96 support, and added the new v.42bis error correction and compression system (in addition to MNP). v.32 modems remained fairly rare and expensive, although by 1990 third-party v.32 modems were available for approximately 600 USD.
V.32bis[edit]
In 1991, Rockwell introduced a low-cost chipset supporting the new 14,400 bit/s V.32bis standard, along with similar V.32 and V.22bis (2400 bit/s) versions, all of which supported MNP, V.42bis and, optionally, 9600 bit/s V.29 fax modem capabilities. Their system was introduced commercially in the SupraFAXModem 14400, which went on to become a runaway bestseller. Soon there were literally hundreds of similar models on the market, and Rockwell's competitors also rushed in with similar chipsets of their own.
Hayes was never able to re-establish itself as a market leader through this era. They quickly introduced their own v.32bis model in the fall of 1991, the US$799 Smartmodem Ultra 144, but this point Express 96 had little cachet, and the market was already flooded with lower-cost modems. They then split their line into the Accura and Optima brands, offering the Accura as a low-cost model, although the feature sets were not that different between the two lines. Hayes eventually purchased two of their competitors, Practical Peripherals and Cardinal, turning them into low-cost brands in order to compete with companies such as Zoom Telephonics.
As speeds increased with the introduction of V.34 and V.90, Hayes increasingly became a follower rather than a leader. By the mid-1990s their modems were also based on the Rockwell chip set, and had little to distinguish themselves from other vendors.
Oddly it was the Rockwell chip set that also re-standardized the various command sets back on the original high-speed ones introduced by Hayes. As the Rockwell-based systems became more and more common, other companies, like AT&T, introduced new versions of their modem chip sets with identical commands. Rockwell had taken their commands from the V-series Smartmodems, so by the mid-90s the market was once again based largely on a "real" Hayes command set.
Decline and fall[edit]
Hayes realized that changes in the telephone networks would eventually render the modem, in its current form, obsolete. As early as 1985 he started efforts to produce consumer-ready ISDN "modems", betting the company on ISDN becoming a widespread standard—which was widely believed at the time. By the early 1990s, this was a major focus of the company.
However, unlike Europe or Japan, ISDN simply never happened in the US consumer market. The whole model was based on end-to-end digital communications, and was thus limited to the speed of the long-distance carrier lines, either 56 or 64 kbit/s. The Bell companies were interested in deploying ISDN, but doing so required customer-end installations to make their conventional telephones work, which made the system unattractive for wide-scale deployment.
Additionally, the rise of the Internet in the mid-1990s made point-to-point communications far less interesting. After dialing their local Internet service provider, the user could "call out" at high speed to services around the world, so the need for long-distance data calls was generally eliminated. As a result of this shift, there was no real need to limit the user to the speed of the long-distance lines, giving the Bell companies flexibility in terms of what to install at the user's site. Their attention turned to Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line (ADSL), which ran over the existing wiring and did not block a telephone connection in the process. The end-user was offered much higher speeds while still being able to use existing phones, with the added "benefit" of helping tie the user to the telephone company's own ISP.
Hayes, having bet the company on a system that was never actually deployed, had no new products in the pipeline. In an attempt at diversification in January 1991 it had acquired most of the assets of local area network software developer Waterloo Microsystems Inc of Waterloo, Ontario and belatedly entered the operating system (OS) market in June 1991 with LANstep, a network OS for small offices, but this was subsequently abandoned in 1994 in the face of stiff competition particularly from Novell NetWare. An effort was started to move into the market for ADSL and cable modems, but this was a multi-year effort during a period when USR increasingly took over the market. They entered Chapter 11 protection in November 1994, exiting in October 1995 as Hayes Corp. after selling 49% of the company to Nortel and a Singapore-based venture capital firm. In 1997 they merged with Access Beyond, a builder of ISP rack-mount modems and terminal servers, and changed the company name again, this time to Hayes Communications. The merger was primarily a way to take the company public. The stock started crashing over the next year, from around US$12 in early 1998 to pennies in October, when they once again filed for Chapter 11 protection. No new funding could be found, and in 1999 the company assets were liquidated.
The brand name was purchased and revived by onetime rival Zoom Technologies in July 1999. Zoom continues to use the Hayes name on some of their products.
Notes[edit]
A widely circulated history of computing states that the Smartmodem 1200 was introduced in 1981. This "history" is confusing the Smartmodem 1200 with the original Smartmodem. Another confuses the original Smartmodem 9600 with the later V-Series modems, reversing the introduction dates and features.
References[edit]



^ "Data Communication System from D.C. Hayes". Intelligent Machines Journal (10): 6. June 25, 1979. ISSN 0199-6649. 
^ "Hayes Microcomputer Products, Inc.". Computerworld. CW Communications. 15 (17): 42. April 27, 1981. ISSN 0010-4841.  The 300 baud auto-dial/auto-answer Smartmodem had a suggested retail price of $279.
^ "Hayes Smartmodem". Infoworld. InfoWorld Media Group. 3 (14): 9. July 20, 1981. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Smartmodem is the first in a series of products Hays planes to introduce in a standard stack-mount design."
^ The Hayes Stack Chronograph
^ Hayes Smartmodem advertisement from Personal Computing 2/82
^ Markoff, John (April 25, 1983). "Stand-alone Smartmodem 1200 from Hayes". InfoWorld. Vol. 5 no. 27. pp. 90–93. ISSN 0199-6649.  "The Hayes Smartmodem 1200, which was introduced in the middle of 1982, ..." Price $699.



External links[edit]

Hayes Photo Album
Hayes Advertising
The Rise and Fall of the Modem King
History of Hayes Corporation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hayes_Microcomputer_Products&oldid=790995565"					
Categories: Defunct computer companies of the United StatesDefunct computer hardware companiesModemsTelecommunications equipment vendorsComputer companies established in 1981Electronics companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies established in 1981Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1999Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1994Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1998 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschSuomi 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 12:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








HAYES MICHAEL - CONWAY, SC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



SC



CONWAY



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            HAYES MICHAEL
                                    



 





















H 


HAYES MICHAEL
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2006 E PINE LOOP CONWAY, SC 29526
Get Directions



(843) 234-2376





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $62,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts BRANDY HAYES







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Michael Hayes – Add Jam.HomepageWrite a storySign in / Sign upMichael HayesFounder of @add_jam, creating products on iOS, Android & the Web. I’m a huge F1 & motorsport fan. Also founder of the @RookieOven coworking space in Glasgow.446 Following549 FollowersBlockedUnblockFollowFollowingStories inAdd Jam.Other stories by Michael HayesMichael Hayes in Add Jam.Jun 29Working effectively as a small teamChris and I are proud of the output Add Jam achieve. We’re a two man team but can compete with…Read more…41 responseMichael Hayes in Add Jam.Jun 22Our current development stack — June 2017Its the 22nd June 2017 and its hit me – Add Jam is now over 3 years old. Chris and I were looking back at our portfolio of work and some old open source projects and a lot has changed in the 3 years we’ve been running Add Jam. Back in 2014 we developed our…Read more…6Michael Hayes in Add Jam.Jun 14Taking Mindfulness EverywhereRohan Gunatillake and the team at Mindfulness Everywhere are a creative studio combining meditation…Read more…Michael Hayes in Add Jam.Jun 2WWDC 2017 WishlistAt Add Jam we’re excited. Next Monday (the 5th) is the date of WWDC, the annual Apple developers conference where Apple…Read more…3Michael Hayes in Add Jam.Apr 12SquareSpace for mobile appsI’m a huge fan of SquareSpace. Out of the many services for enabling people to make websites it’s one of the best. The experience is easy and intuitive, it has great looking templates allowing people to create great looking websites and most importantly it’s affordable.Read more…3Michael Hayes in Add Jam.Apr 6Why would you make a mobile app?Mobile is great. Most people now have a smart phone of some kind and no doubt use a host of mobile apps installed on it. So obviously businesses need to get in on that, right? Well, even although our business is 90% making mobile apps, we would have to disagree.Read more…4Michael Hayes in Add Jam.Apr 1Getting to grips with Sketch as a developerWhen developing a software product you’re going to inevitably need visual assets/graphics and an idea on how to lay them out so as a developer I feel its important to have an understanding of how to generate simple assets, manipulate them and export them…Read more…7Michael Hayes in Add Jam.Jun 15, 2016React Native: It’s not all sugar and spiceAt Add Jam we’ve been using React Native more and more, to the extent we haven’t actually had a fully native project at all this year. Any why not? It makes total sense – share code between Android and iOS, less Xcode/Android Studio, live reloading in…Read more…564 responsesMichael Hayes in Add Jam.Jun 2, 2016Don’t forget to be humanChris and I have been talking a lot lately about what sets Add Jam apart from the many other companies that offer the service of software product development. There’s a lot of things that come into the mix, our location, our price, our process and our abilities. But above all that I…Read more…Michael Hayes in Add Jam.May 7, 2016WWDC 2016 WishlistWith June fast approaching that means one thing for Apple developers around the world — WWDC. WWDC is the annual developers conference where Apple announce the latest versions of their operating systems (they have 4 on the go at the moment in OSX, iOS, tvOS and watchOS) and occasionally new…Read more…1     Hayes Michael + Associates Architecture - Warner Robins, GA         














































                CMD Group is a ConstructConnect™ company. Learn more
















SBI home



Products



Companies


Specs














CompaniesView Product/ServicesContact InformationHayes Michael + Associates Architecture3051 Watson Blvd. #850Warner Robins, GA  31093-8562Phone: () - 



Hayes Michael + Associates ArchitectureDesign FirmTo update this listing or get your company profile into SmartBuilding Index, Contact Us.Related keywords: architect, 



Products/Services

Market Intelligence
Project Leads

Marketing Solutions
Terms of Service
Customer Testimonials



The Company

Why Choose Us
Press Releases
Partners
Executive Team
Careers
Contact Us



Resource Center

Building Codes
Project Leads by State
Project Leads by Type
Video library



News/Events

News
CEU Classes
Events
AEC Cares
RSS Feeds



Contact Us

Customer Support
Sales
Media/PR
General Questions
Content Approvals
Reprints
Payment Options
Request a Demo















































 
Product Search - Routledge
Product SearchResults for: author = Michael Hayes; range = all. Search again. 1 All NewAllPublishedForthcoming Product Types FeaturedTextbooksProfessional / TradeHandbooks / CompanionsResearch MonographsMajor WorksPaperbacks Direct Inside XinjiangSpace, Place and Power in China's Muslim Far NorthwestEdited by Anna Hayes, Michael ClarkeThe Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region is China’s largest province, shares borders with Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Russia and Mongolia, and possesses a variety of natural resources, including oil. The tensions between ethnic Muslim Uyghurs and the growing number of…Hardback – 2015-12-14RoutledgeRoutledge Contemporary China SeriesAdvanced SearchKeywordsTitleAuthor/EditorISBNProduct GroupanyFeaturedHandbooks / CompanionsInteractive eTextbooksLibrary / ReferenceMajor WorksPaperbacks DirectProfessional / TradeResearch MonographsSpecial Issues of JournalsStudent ReferenceTextbooksSubject CategoryanyArea StudiesArtsBehavioral SciencesBuilt EnvironmentCommunication StudiesDevelopment StudiesEconomics, Finance, Business & IndustryEducationEnvironment and SustainabilityGeographyHealth and Social CareHumanitiesInformation ScienceLanguage & LiteratureLawMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied HealthMuseum and Heritage StudiesPolitics & International RelationsReference & Information ScienceSocial SciencesSports and LeisureTourism, Hospitality and EventsUrban StudiesImprint/PublisherPublication DateanyAllNewNew/PublishedPublishedForthcoming Search




Hayes Michael Dc in Ventura, CA 93003 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Ventura
» Chiropractors
» Hayes Michael Dc













Hayes Michael Dc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





4474 Market st Ste 503  Ventura, California 93003


(805) 650-2727


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Hayes Michael Dc is located at the address 4474 Market st Ste 503 in Ventura, California 93003.  They can be contacted via phone at (805) 650-2727 for pricing, hours and directions.  Hayes Michael Dc specializes in Spinal Conditions, Numbness, Acute Pain.  Hayes Michael Dc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Hayes Michael Dc provides chiropractic, Palmer Technique, Nutritional Counseling to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Hayes Michael Dc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Hayes Michael Dc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Supplements
, Ergonomics
, Vitamins & Minerals
, Braces
, Beds & Mattresses
, Supports
, Herbal Supplements
, Skin Care Products



SERVICES


X-Rays
, Pain Relief Therapies
, Pain Management
, Occupational Therapy
, Trigger Point
, Auto Accidents
, chiropractic
, Palmer Technique
, Nutritional Counseling
, Referrals


 SPECIALTIES


Physical Rehabilitation
, Herniated Discs
, Auto Accidents
, Numbness
, Arm Pain
, Acute Pain
, Back Pain
, Scoliosis
, Spasms
, Spinal Conditions



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (805) 650-2727
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 100000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Chiropractors
Health Care



People Also Viewed


David H Caya Dc


3319 Telegraph rd Ste 100  Ventura, California 93003




Macdonald Sharon Chiropractor DC


4080 Loma Vista Rd  Ventura, California 93003




Auda Chrprctic Hlth Car


789 S Victoria Ave Ste 206 Ventura, California 93003




Schneider Chiropractic Ctr


1151 E Main St  Ventura, California 93001




GOREY DELIA M DC-SEASIDE


5550 Telegraph Rd B1 Ste Ventura, California 93003




Pure Chiropractic


1624 E Main St  Ventura, California 93001





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started



















v























 



















Michael Hayes | Kripalu




































Calendar of Programs

       Choose from hundreds of transformative programs and trainings designed to inspire, educate, and empower.   
Explore Calendar 


Presenters

       These thought leaders offer heart-opening experiences that support our vision of an awakened, compassionate, and connected world.   
Find a Presenter 

 
          You Might Be Interested In   

 

Kripalu R&R
Scholarships
Continuing Education Credits
Request a Catalog
Program Proposals
Registration and Arrival






Online 








Kripalu School of Yoga

 

200-Hour Kripalu Yoga Teacher Training
300-Hour Kripalu Yoga Teacher Training
1000-Hour Yoga Teacher Training




Kripalu School of Ayurveda

 

200-Hour Foundations of Ayurveda
300-Hour Ayurvedic Yoga Teacher Training
650-Hour Ayurvedic Health Counselor Certification
PACE Offerings




Kripalu School of Integrative Yoga Therapy

 

300-Hour Advanced Teacher of Therapeutic Yoga 
800-Hour Professional Yoga Therapist Program




Kripalu Schools

 

The Student Experience
Scholarships and Grants
Kripalu Yoga and Ayurveda Association
Kripalu Affiliate Studios
Find a Kripalu Practitioner Near You










R&R Retreats

       Create the right experience for you, while enjoying all the things Kripalu has to offer.   

Group Retreats
Day Passes




Specials and Packages

       Great rates and ways to save at Kripalu.   

Berkshire Area-Resident Passes and Discounts
Healing Arts Signature Packages



 
          Workshop Schedules   

 

July Schedule
August Schedule

ESTIMATE COST | REGISTER 








Kripalu R&R

       Create the right experience for you, while enjoying all the things Kripalu has to offer.

   

Group Retreats
Berkshire-Area Resident Passes and Discounts

Kripalu R&R 


Healing Arts

       Bodywork and lifestyle consultations, your Healing Arts appointment is a learning experience.   
Healing Arts 

 
          General Information   

 

Registration and Arrival
Directions
Accommodations
The Kripalu Kitchen
Grounds and Facilities






Ways to Visit 








Resources

       Kripalu experts and visiting faculty share their views on matters related to yoga, health and wellness, nutrition, relationships, creativity and spirituality.    
> Desktop Wallpaper


 
          Resources by Category   

 

Ayurveda
Yoga
Recipes
Nutrition
Kripalu Kitchen



 
          Resources by Type   

 

Articles
Podcasts
Publications
Recipes 
Videos






Kripalu Kitchen Recipes 








Give Now

       Your gift helps Kripalu create a more awakened, compassionate, and connected world.   
Give Now 


Ways to Give

       There are as many ways to give as there are reasons to give.   
Ways to Give 




Impact: Kripalu's Annual Magazine for Patrons and Friends 








About Us

       Mission driven. Donor supported. Learn more about us, our leadership and yoga-based pholosophy.   
About Us 

 
          Be a Part of Kripalu   

 

Make a Gift
Employment Opportunities
Kripalu Affiliate Studios
Program Proposals
Scholarships
Scholarship Applications



 
          Quick Links   

 

Kripalu Institute for Extraordinary Living
Media Center
Newsletters
Contact Us
Kripalu Guest Stories
Desktop Wallpaper






Donate 












You are here
HomePresenters and ProgramsPresenters











 



 Presenter 








Michael Hayes

Michael Hayes, the proud owner of a “Buddha body” and founder of Buddha Body Yoga™, holds yoga certifications in Sivananda, Allison West’s Yoga Union, and yoga therapy by Daniel Orlansky. He has done extensive study in Iyengar Yoga, Ashtanga Yoga, Thai Yoga, Om Yoga, and yoga anatomy with Leslie Kaminoff. In addition, Michael has traveled regularly to Thailand to study with master teachers. His classes benefit everyone, regardless of their individual anatomy, flexibility, age, or yoga background.


Upcoming Programs






Yoga




August 24–27, 2017




Yoga and Body Confidence 

      Acceptance, Positivity, and Empowerment   


 






Ready for your own transformation?
      Join us for life-changing experiences.  







Presenters and Programs
Study with the best.
Explore 






R&R Retreats
Relax. Renew. Reconnect. 
Explore 






Kripalu Schools
Immersion learning. Exceptional faculty.
Explore 



















 



















Stephen Cope | Kripalu




































Calendar of Programs

       Choose from hundreds of transformative programs and trainings designed to inspire, educate, and empower.   
Explore Calendar 


Presenters

       These thought leaders offer heart-opening experiences that support our vision of an awakened, compassionate, and connected world.   
Find a Presenter 

 
          You Might Be Interested In   

 

Kripalu R&R
Scholarships
Continuing Education Credits
Request a Catalog
Program Proposals
Registration and Arrival






Online 








Kripalu School of Yoga

 

200-Hour Kripalu Yoga Teacher Training
300-Hour Kripalu Yoga Teacher Training
1000-Hour Yoga Teacher Training




Kripalu School of Ayurveda

 

200-Hour Foundations of Ayurveda
300-Hour Ayurvedic Yoga Teacher Training
650-Hour Ayurvedic Health Counselor Certification
PACE Offerings




Kripalu School of Integrative Yoga Therapy

 

300-Hour Advanced Teacher of Therapeutic Yoga 
800-Hour Professional Yoga Therapist Program




Kripalu Schools

 

The Student Experience
Scholarships and Grants
Kripalu Yoga and Ayurveda Association
Kripalu Affiliate Studios
Find a Kripalu Practitioner Near You










R&R Retreats

       Create the right experience for you, while enjoying all the things Kripalu has to offer.   

Group Retreats
Day Passes




Specials and Packages

       Great rates and ways to save at Kripalu.   

Berkshire Area-Resident Passes and Discounts
Healing Arts Signature Packages



 
          Workshop Schedules   

 

July Schedule
August Schedule

ESTIMATE COST | REGISTER 








Kripalu R&R

       Create the right experience for you, while enjoying all the things Kripalu has to offer.

   

Group Retreats
Berkshire-Area Resident Passes and Discounts

Kripalu R&R 


Healing Arts

       Bodywork and lifestyle consultations, your Healing Arts appointment is a learning experience.   
Healing Arts 

 
          General Information   

 

Registration and Arrival
Directions
Accommodations
The Kripalu Kitchen
Grounds and Facilities






Ways to Visit 








Resources

       Kripalu experts and visiting faculty share their views on matters related to yoga, health and wellness, nutrition, relationships, creativity and spirituality.    
> Desktop Wallpaper


 
          Resources by Category   

 

Ayurveda
Yoga
Recipes
Nutrition
Kripalu Kitchen



 
          Resources by Type   

 

Articles
Podcasts
Publications
Recipes 
Videos






Kripalu Kitchen Recipes 








Give Now

       Your gift helps Kripalu create a more awakened, compassionate, and connected world.   
Give Now 


Ways to Give

       There are as many ways to give as there are reasons to give.   
Ways to Give 




Impact: Kripalu's Annual Magazine for Patrons and Friends 








About Us

       Mission driven. Donor supported. Learn more about us, our leadership and yoga-based pholosophy.   
About Us 

 
          Be a Part of Kripalu   

 

Make a Gift
Employment Opportunities
Kripalu Affiliate Studios
Program Proposals
Scholarships
Scholarship Applications



 
          Quick Links   

 

Kripalu Institute for Extraordinary Living
Media Center
Newsletters
Contact Us
Kripalu Guest Stories
Desktop Wallpaper






Donate 












You are here
HomePresenter ProgramPresenters











 



 Presenter 


 Presenter Program 








Stephen Cope

      Scholar-In-Residence and Kripalu Ambassador  
Stephen Cope, MSW, Scholar-in-Residence and Kripalu Ambassador, is the founder and former Director of the Kripalu Institute for Extraordinary Living. He is the author of several best-selling books, including Yoga and the Quest for the True Self; The Wisdom of Yoga; and The Great Work of Your Life: A Guide for the Journey to Your True Calling. His latest book is Soul Friends: The Transforming Power of Deep Human Connection.
Listen to Her Rules Radio host Alexandra Jamieson talk to Stephen Cope about those relationships that have meaning.
Stephen Cope talks Yoga, Friendship, and Conscious Community with Nancy Fernandez Mills on Berkshire Wellness Radio.


Upcoming Programs






Yoga




August 4–6, 2017




The Great Work of Your Life 

      The Yoga of the Bhagavad Gita   






Yoga




September 17–22, 2017




The Science of Yoga 

 








Yoga




October 3–6, 2017




Kripalu's 26th Annual Yoga Teachers Conference 

 






Health, Fitness, and Wellness




October 10–13, 2017




Birding and Mindfulness 

 








Spiritual Practice and Meditation




October 27–29, 2017




The Practice of Loving-Kindness 

      A Meditation and Yoga Weekend   






Yoga




February 2–4, 2018




The Great Work of Your Life 

      The Yoga of the Bhagavad Gita   


 



Resources



Waking Up Is Hard to DoThe following excerpt is taken from Stephen Cope’s well-known book, Yoga and the Quest for the True Self. In it, he guides the contemporary reader through...


Breathe, Relax, Feel, Watch, Allow: The Practice of Being PresentThe next time you’re confronted with a difficult moment, give this a try. Find a quiet place to sit, then launch in. Breathe. Relax. Feel. Watch. Allow.


Coming Home to How It IsAs a teacher, I’m often asked to give an explanation for the deep sense of well-being that arises in yoga.


The Gift: Living a Life of Purpose and MeaningEach of us is born with a unique gift—and a sacred duty to fulfill its promise. Do you have a clear sense of your purpose in life? I’m asking all my friends...


Soul FriendsHere’s a challenge for you: Could you easily name the dozen people with whom you have most deeply connected in this lifetime?


Can I Live A Fulfilled Life?Where we look for answers to this question can make all the difference between fantasies and dreams come true. I’ve been teaching at Kripalu for more than...


The Second Pillar: "Do It Full Out"An excerpt from The Great Work of Your Life: A Guide for the Journey to Your True Calling In his new book, the Director of Kripalu’s Institute of...


The Wisdom of Yoga: The Spirit of the StriversSteven Cope, MSW, investigates the wisdom tradition of yoga.


Yoga Research: The Power of PossibilityNine years ago, we at Kripalu made an exciting decision: to undertake a serious yoga research program.


The Great Work of Your Life: A Guide for the Journey of Your True Calling  Excerpt from the Book, The Great Work of Your Life by Stephen Cope. I see my own concerns about fulfillment played out nearly every day of my...


Appreciation and Looking for the GoodEach day we can choose to look for the good and appreciate what we have.


There's No Sound Like Om   Ommm. Om is often the first and last sound in your ears in a yoga class. But what does it mean?


Kripalu Perspectives: Generosity and Yoga with Stephen CopePortland Helmich talks with Psychotherapist, senior Kripalu Yoga teacher, and author Stephen Cope who discusses how yoga practice goes beyond physical gain to create states of well-being, happiness, and generosity.


Finding Your Sacred CallingCaught up in e-mails, work deadlines, getting to the gym, and an active social life, we can lose sight of our sacred calling, our highest purpose in life.


Loving My Imperfect SelfLoving my imperfect self, I feel somehow better and less alone.


The Science of Yoga: The Risks and the RewardsAn excerpt from The Science of Yoga: The Risks and the Rewards Drawing from both scientific research and esoteric wisdom, William J. Broad’s The Science of...









Ready for your own transformation?
      Join us for life-changing experiences.  







Presenters and Programs
Study with the best.
Explore 






R&R Retreats
Relax. Renew. Reconnect. 
Explore 






Kripalu Schools
Immersion learning. Exceptional faculty.
Explore 



















 



















Bessel van der Kolk | Kripalu




































Calendar of Programs

       Choose from hundreds of transformative programs and trainings designed to inspire, educate, and empower.   
Explore Calendar 


Presenters

       These thought leaders offer heart-opening experiences that support our vision of an awakened, compassionate, and connected world.   
Find a Presenter 

 
          You Might Be Interested In   

 

Kripalu R&R
Scholarships
Continuing Education Credits
Request a Catalog
Program Proposals
Registration and Arrival






Online 








Kripalu School of Yoga

 

200-Hour Kripalu Yoga Teacher Training
300-Hour Kripalu Yoga Teacher Training
1000-Hour Yoga Teacher Training




Kripalu School of Ayurveda

 

200-Hour Foundations of Ayurveda
300-Hour Ayurvedic Yoga Teacher Training
650-Hour Ayurvedic Health Counselor Certification
PACE Offerings




Kripalu School of Integrative Yoga Therapy

 

300-Hour Advanced Teacher of Therapeutic Yoga 
800-Hour Professional Yoga Therapist Program




Kripalu Schools

 

The Student Experience
Scholarships and Grants
Kripalu Yoga and Ayurveda Association
Kripalu Affiliate Studios
Find a Kripalu Practitioner Near You










R&R Retreats

       Create the right experience for you, while enjoying all the things Kripalu has to offer.   

Group Retreats
Day Passes




Specials and Packages

       Great rates and ways to save at Kripalu.   

Berkshire Area-Resident Passes and Discounts
Healing Arts Signature Packages



 
          Workshop Schedules   

 

July Schedule
August Schedule

ESTIMATE COST | REGISTER 








Kripalu R&R

       Create the right experience for you, while enjoying all the things Kripalu has to offer.

   

Group Retreats
Berkshire-Area Resident Passes and Discounts

Kripalu R&R 


Healing Arts

       Bodywork and lifestyle consultations, your Healing Arts appointment is a learning experience.   
Healing Arts 

 
          General Information   

 

Registration and Arrival
Directions
Accommodations
The Kripalu Kitchen
Grounds and Facilities






Ways to Visit 








Resources

       Kripalu experts and visiting faculty share their views on matters related to yoga, health and wellness, nutrition, relationships, creativity and spirituality.    
> Desktop Wallpaper


 
          Resources by Category   

 

Ayurveda
Yoga
Recipes
Nutrition
Kripalu Kitchen



 
          Resources by Type   

 

Articles
Podcasts
Publications
Recipes 
Videos






Kripalu Kitchen Recipes 








Give Now

       Your gift helps Kripalu create a more awakened, compassionate, and connected world.   
Give Now 


Ways to Give

       There are as many ways to give as there are reasons to give.   
Ways to Give 




Impact: Kripalu's Annual Magazine for Patrons and Friends 








About Us

       Mission driven. Donor supported. Learn more about us, our leadership and yoga-based pholosophy.   
About Us 

 
          Be a Part of Kripalu   

 

Make a Gift
Employment Opportunities
Kripalu Affiliate Studios
Program Proposals
Scholarships
Scholarship Applications



 
          Quick Links   

 

Kripalu Institute for Extraordinary Living
Media Center
Newsletters
Contact Us
Kripalu Guest Stories
Desktop Wallpaper






Donate 












You are here
HomePresenters and ProgramsPresenters











 



 Presenter 


 Presenter Program 








Bessel van der Kolk

Bessel van der Kolk, MD, is a clinical psychiatrist whose work integrates mind, brain, body, and social connections to understand and treat trauma. His research ranges from the impact of trauma on development and brain imaging, to the use of yoga, neurofeedback, EMDR, and theater for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder. Bessel is a professor of psychiatry at Boston University School of Medicine, medical director of the Trauma Center in Boston, and co-director of the Complex Trauma Treatment Network, NCTSN. Bessel is the author of more than 150 peer reviewed scientific articles and several books including the New York Times best-seller The Body Keeps the Score: Mind, Brain, and Body in the Healing of Trauma.
Learn more about this presenter’s work:

besselvanderkolk.net



Upcoming Programs






Self-Discovery and Psychology




October 27–29, 2017




The Body Keeps the Score 

      Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma   






Self-Discovery and Psychology




January 12–14, 2018




The Body Keeps the Score 

      Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma   


 



Resources



Befriending Your Body: How Yoga Helps Heal TraumaTrauma is in your body and, because of that, yoga has great relevance, because it goes directly to sensing and befriending the body.


Yoga and Trauma: Reclaiming the BodyYoga can offer tools to come back into the body, empowering students to begin reclaiming their inner experience.


Kripalu Perspectives: Overcoming Trauma with Bessel van der KolkClinical psychiatrist Bessel van der Kolk defines trauma and discusses how yoga and other mindfulness practices can foster compassionate self-observation in those healing from trauma.


Overcoming Trauma Through the Wisdom of the Body: A Conversation with Bessel van der KolkI came out of the bank holding onto the strap of my red leather bag. I hadn’t walked more than 30 feet when I heard footsteps running toward me from behind.


The Cutting Edge of Trauma Treatment: Healing Through the BodyThe muscles elongate. The heart opens. The breath deepens. A yoga practice can help us feel more vibrant, agile, and connected.









Ready for your own transformation?
      Join us for life-changing experiences.  







Presenters and Programs
Study with the best.
Explore 






R&R Retreats
Relax. Renew. Reconnect. 
Explore 






Kripalu Schools
Immersion learning. Exceptional faculty.
Explore 



















 



















Elizabeth Gilbert | Kripalu




































Calendar of Programs

       Choose from hundreds of transformative programs and trainings designed to inspire, educate, and empower.   
Explore Calendar 


Presenters

       These thought leaders offer heart-opening experiences that support our vision of an awakened, compassionate, and connected world.   
Find a Presenter 

 
          You Might Be Interested In   

 

Kripalu R&R
Scholarships
Continuing Education Credits
Request a Catalog
Program Proposals
Registration and Arrival






Online 








Kripalu School of Yoga

 

200-Hour Kripalu Yoga Teacher Training
300-Hour Kripalu Yoga Teacher Training
1000-Hour Yoga Teacher Training




Kripalu School of Ayurveda

 

200-Hour Foundations of Ayurveda
300-Hour Ayurvedic Yoga Teacher Training
650-Hour Ayurvedic Health Counselor Certification
PACE Offerings




Kripalu School of Integrative Yoga Therapy

 

300-Hour Advanced Teacher of Therapeutic Yoga 
800-Hour Professional Yoga Therapist Program




Kripalu Schools

 

The Student Experience
Scholarships and Grants
Kripalu Yoga and Ayurveda Association
Kripalu Affiliate Studios
Find a Kripalu Practitioner Near You










R&R Retreats

       Create the right experience for you, while enjoying all the things Kripalu has to offer.   

Group Retreats
Day Passes




Specials and Packages

       Great rates and ways to save at Kripalu.   

Berkshire Area-Resident Passes and Discounts
Healing Arts Signature Packages



 
          Workshop Schedules   

 

July Schedule
August Schedule

ESTIMATE COST | REGISTER 








Kripalu R&R

       Create the right experience for you, while enjoying all the things Kripalu has to offer.

   

Group Retreats
Berkshire-Area Resident Passes and Discounts

Kripalu R&R 


Healing Arts

       Bodywork and lifestyle consultations, your Healing Arts appointment is a learning experience.   
Healing Arts 

 
          General Information   

 

Registration and Arrival
Directions
Accommodations
The Kripalu Kitchen
Grounds and Facilities






Ways to Visit 








Resources

       Kripalu experts and visiting faculty share their views on matters related to yoga, health and wellness, nutrition, relationships, creativity and spirituality.    
> Desktop Wallpaper


 
          Resources by Category   

 

Ayurveda
Yoga
Recipes
Nutrition
Kripalu Kitchen



 
          Resources by Type   

 

Articles
Podcasts
Publications
Recipes 
Videos






Kripalu Kitchen Recipes 








Give Now

       Your gift helps Kripalu create a more awakened, compassionate, and connected world.   
Give Now 


Ways to Give

       There are as many ways to give as there are reasons to give.   
Ways to Give 




Impact: Kripalu's Annual Magazine for Patrons and Friends 








About Us

       Mission driven. Donor supported. Learn more about us, our leadership and yoga-based pholosophy.   
About Us 

 
          Be a Part of Kripalu   

 

Make a Gift
Employment Opportunities
Kripalu Affiliate Studios
Program Proposals
Scholarships
Scholarship Applications



 
          Quick Links   

 

Kripalu Institute for Extraordinary Living
Media Center
Newsletters
Contact Us
Kripalu Guest Stories
Desktop Wallpaper






Donate 












You are here
HomePresenters and ProgramsPresenters











 



 Presenter 








Elizabeth Gilbert

Elizabeth Gilbert captivated the world ten years ago with her best-selling memoir, Eat Pray Love. In the ensuing decade, people worldwide have sought her advice on how to lead a bold and inspired life, and she dedicated herself to exploring the mysteries of creativity and courage. Out of this period of investigation, Elizabeth has written a brilliant nonfiction treatise, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear, in which she digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective on creativity. She worked in a Philadelphia diner, a western ranch, and in a New York City bar before Eat Pray Love catapulted her into what Oprah Winfrey called “rock star author” status.

elizabethgilbert.com




Resources



Five Ways to Find Your Inner Rock Star: An Interview with Elizabeth Gilbert and Rayya EliasReady to take your singing voice out of the shower and into the world? Here’s some encouragement from two writers who love to raise their voices.


The Science of SingingTurns out that opening your mouth and letting your voice ring out can catalyze a whole range of physical and emotional benefits.









Ready for your own transformation?
      Join us for life-changing experiences.  







Presenters and Programs
Study with the best.
Explore 






R&R Retreats
Relax. Renew. Reconnect. 
Explore 






Kripalu Schools
Immersion learning. Exceptional faculty.
Explore 



















 



















Tara Brach | Kripalu




































Calendar of Programs

       Choose from hundreds of transformative programs and trainings designed to inspire, educate, and empower.   
Explore Calendar 


Presenters

       These thought leaders offer heart-opening experiences that support our vision of an awakened, compassionate, and connected world.   
Find a Presenter 

 
          You Might Be Interested In   

 

Kripalu R&R
Scholarships
Continuing Education Credits
Request a Catalog
Program Proposals
Registration and Arrival






Online 








Kripalu School of Yoga

 

200-Hour Kripalu Yoga Teacher Training
300-Hour Kripalu Yoga Teacher Training
1000-Hour Yoga Teacher Training




Kripalu School of Ayurveda

 

200-Hour Foundations of Ayurveda
300-Hour Ayurvedic Yoga Teacher Training
650-Hour Ayurvedic Health Counselor Certification
PACE Offerings




Kripalu School of Integrative Yoga Therapy

 

300-Hour Advanced Teacher of Therapeutic Yoga 
800-Hour Professional Yoga Therapist Program




Kripalu Schools

 

The Student Experience
Scholarships and Grants
Kripalu Yoga and Ayurveda Association
Kripalu Affiliate Studios
Find a Kripalu Practitioner Near You










R&R Retreats

       Create the right experience for you, while enjoying all the things Kripalu has to offer.   

Group Retreats
Day Passes




Specials and Packages

       Great rates and ways to save at Kripalu.   

Berkshire Area-Resident Passes and Discounts
Healing Arts Signature Packages



 
          Workshop Schedules   

 

July Schedule
August Schedule

ESTIMATE COST | REGISTER 








Kripalu R&R

       Create the right experience for you, while enjoying all the things Kripalu has to offer.

   

Group Retreats
Berkshire-Area Resident Passes and Discounts

Kripalu R&R 


Healing Arts

       Bodywork and lifestyle consultations, your Healing Arts appointment is a learning experience.   
Healing Arts 

 
          General Information   

 

Registration and Arrival
Directions
Accommodations
The Kripalu Kitchen
Grounds and Facilities






Ways to Visit 








Resources

       Kripalu experts and visiting faculty share their views on matters related to yoga, health and wellness, nutrition, relationships, creativity and spirituality.    
> Desktop Wallpaper


 
          Resources by Category   

 

Ayurveda
Yoga
Recipes
Nutrition
Kripalu Kitchen



 
          Resources by Type   

 

Articles
Podcasts
Publications
Recipes 
Videos






Kripalu Kitchen Recipes 








Give Now

       Your gift helps Kripalu create a more awakened, compassionate, and connected world.   
Give Now 


Ways to Give

       There are as many ways to give as there are reasons to give.   
Ways to Give 




Impact: Kripalu's Annual Magazine for Patrons and Friends 








About Us

       Mission driven. Donor supported. Learn more about us, our leadership and yoga-based pholosophy.   
About Us 

 
          Be a Part of Kripalu   

 

Make a Gift
Employment Opportunities
Kripalu Affiliate Studios
Program Proposals
Scholarships
Scholarship Applications



 
          Quick Links   

 

Kripalu Institute for Extraordinary Living
Media Center
Newsletters
Contact Us
Kripalu Guest Stories
Desktop Wallpaper






Donate 












You are here
HomePresenters and ProgramsPresenters











 



 Presenter 








Tara Brach

Tara Brach, PhD is a clinical psychologist, internationally-known meditation teacher and author of the best-selling books Radical Acceptance and True Refuge. She is founder and senior teacher of the Insight Meditation Community of Washington DC, and teaches meditation workshops and retreats in the United States and Europe. Tara’s podcast addresses the value of meditation in relieving emotional suffering and serving spiritual awakening, and receives over one million downloads each month. In addition to her public teaching, Tara is active in bringing meditation into DC-area schools, prisons, and to underserved populations. 
Learn more about this presenter’s work:

tarabrach.com
imcw.org




Resources



Which Wolf Are You Feeding?No matter how painfully we’re triggered by the world’s violence and insensitivity, we can direct our attention in ways that carry us home to our intrinsic good-heartedness.


The Qualities of PresenceAn excerpt from True Refuge, by Tara Brach Presence is not some exotic state that we need to search for or manufacture. In the simplest terms, it is the felt...


The Path of Radical AcceptanceClearly recognizing what is happening inside us, and regarding what we see with an open, kind, and loving heart, is what I call Radical Acceptance.









Ready for your own transformation?
      Join us for life-changing experiences.  







Presenters and Programs
Study with the best.
Explore 






R&R Retreats
Relax. Renew. Reconnect. 
Explore 






Kripalu Schools
Immersion learning. Exceptional faculty.
Explore 



















