


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






Hayek Kallen Investment Management in Fairhope, AL 36532 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Alabama
» Fairhope
» Investment Banking & Securities Dealers & Brokers
» Hayek Kallen Investment Management













Hayek Kallen Investment Management


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





121 Fairhope Ave  Fairhope, Alabama 36532


(251) 928-8999
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Hayek Kallen Investment Management is located at the address 121 Fairhope Ave in Fairhope, Alabama 36532.  They can be contacted via phone at (251) 928-8999 for pricing, hours and directions.  Hayek Kallen Investment Management has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Fredrick  Hayek, Member or  go to www.hayekkallen.comHayek Kallen Investment Management provides Rollovers, Disability Income, Charitable Giving to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Hayek Kallen Investment Management view the map to the right.  For reviews of Hayek Kallen Investment Management see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Commodities
, Retirement Plans
, Loans
, Self-Employed Policies
, Family Policies
, Mutual Funds
, Treasury Bonds
, Agency Bonds
, Stocks
, Futures



SERVICES


Individual Services
, Consultations
, Rollovers
, Estate Planning
, Charitable Giving
, Retirement Services
, Financial Management
, Disability Income
, Investments
, Institutional Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (251) 928-8999
Phone2: (251) 517-4790
Website: www.hayekkallen.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 240000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
Year Started: 1985
CATEGORIES:


Investment Banking & Securities Dealers & Brokers
Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Fredrick  Hayek
MEMBER
Phone: (251) 928-8999 
 



Joe  Boisyck
MEMBER
Phone: (251) 928-8999 
 



Eric  Kallen
MEMBER
Phone: (251) 928-8999 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.













 




HAYEK KALLEN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC - CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



CHARLOTTESVILLE



Management Services



Management Services



                            HAYEK KALLEN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC
                                    



 





















H 


HAYEK KALLEN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3 BOARS HEAD LN STE E CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA 22903
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $71,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts ERIC KALLEN






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Hayek Kallen Investment Management Llc was founded in 2011. Hayek Kallen Investment Management Llc specializes in Management Services. Hayek Kallen Investment Management Llc has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $71,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















 Hayek Kallen Investment Management




























































Welcome to Hayek Kallen
Hayek Kallen Investment Management, LLC is a registered investment advisory firm whose goal is to serve the long-term financial interests of its clients by preserving and growing their capital in a tax-efficient manner. Since 1985, Hayek Kallen has used fundamental security analysis and a balanced-value investment approach to prudently manage individual stock and bond portfolios. Recognizing that each investor is unique, the firm seeks to develop and implement a long-term strategy that is specific to each client’s financial situation. Hayek Kallen strives to operate without conflict of interest and act as a trusted fiduciary for clients, managing approximately $260 million for select families, individuals, and institutions.



 


 
 








© 2017 Hayek Kallen Investment Management | (888) 434-8300 | Website by Albano Design























Hayek Kallen Investment Management LLC | Wealthminder











































Hayek Kallen Investment Management LLC


Hayek Kallen Investment Management LLC
(CRD# 106454) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Fairhope, AL.
They
manage $252,000,000 in 500 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 8 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Hayek Kallen Investment Management LLC




50 South Church Street, Suite C,
Fairhope,
AL
36532
251-928-8999
http://hayekkallen.com/




http://hayekkallen.com/







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

252
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

500
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$504,000







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AL, FL, LA, MS, NC, SC, TX, VA






Financial Advisors at Hayek Kallen Investment Management LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Eric O. Kallen



CRD#:
2719419



3 Boars Head Lane, Suite E,
Charlottesville,
VA
22903




93

Wealthminder
score








Eric Kallen (CRD# 2719419) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Hayek Kallen Investment Management LLC in Charlottesville, VA and has 
over 14 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Joseph E. Vosicky



CRD#:
4023121



121 Fairhope Ave.,
Fairhope,
AL
36532




93

Wealthminder
score








Joseph Vosicky (CRD# 4023121) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Hayek Kallen Investment Management LLC in Fairhope, AL and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now


















  Contact | Hayek Kallen Investment Management






























































Contact Us
Hayek Kallen Investment Management, LLC
Toll Free: (888) 434-8300

Alabama Office:
50 South Church Street, Suite C
Fairhope, AL 36532
Phone: (251) 928-8999
Fax: (251) 928-8991 

Virginia Office:
3 Boars Head Lane, Suite E
Charlottesville, VA 22903
Phone: (434) 465-6565
Fax: (888) 434-5159 
Regulatory Disclosure: Hayek Kallen Investment Management LLC (HKIM) is a Security & Exchange Commission (SEC) registered investment advisor. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training. We do not render personalized investment advice through this medium. This medium is limited to providing you with general information on our services and provides a way for you to contact us. Advice can only be rendered after all of the following conditions are met: 1) Delivery of our Form ADV Part 2 to you, and 2) Execution of an Investment Advisory Agreement between us. The information in this web site is based on data gathered from sources which we believe to be reliable. It is not guaranteed as to accuracy, does not purport to be complete and is not intended as the primary basis for investment decisions. Additionally, it should not be construed as advice meeting the particular investment needs of any investor. HKIM intends that this web site will be viewed by U.S. persons for informational purposes only. This should not be viewed as a solicitation or offer of services in any jurisdiction in which HKIM is not qualified to do business.



 


 
 








© 2017 Hayek Kallen Investment Management | (888) 434-8300 | Website by Albano Design

























  Balanced Value Investing | Hayek Kallen Investment Management





























































Balanced Value Investing
Balanced value investing seeks to utilize the attributes of stocks, bonds and cash to create a portfolio that has lower volatility than an all stock portfolio.  Each of these asset classes brings advantages to a portfolio, and when utilized properly a desirable outcome can be obtained.  For Hayek Kallen, bonds are used to provide stability and generate income in a portfolio, cash provides flexibility and stocks provide the engine for growth as well as supplemental income.  The degree to which a client has exposure to each of these asset classes is determined by their specific circumstances and individual investment objective.  For our clients, balanced value investing is used to preserve capital first, grow it second and provide flexible lifetime income streams.



 


Balanced Value Investing
Value Investing – The Role of Stocks
HKIM’s Approach to Security Analysis
The Role of Bonds
Portfolio Construction and Diversification
 








© 2017 Hayek Kallen Investment Management | (888) 434-8300 | Website by Albano Design

























  Working With Our Clients | Hayek Kallen Investment Management





























































Working With Our Clients
At Hayek Kallen we seek to have a close working relationship with our clients. Paramount in the work that we do is helping our clients develop and implement a viable long-term investment plan. Within this plan are discussions and decisions about the appropriate amount of risk, the need for distributions from the account, and estate planning, tax and legacy issues. Through a close working relationship Hayek Kallen is able to work with clients to manage money to meet these objectives and provide the counsel necessary to modify these plans as situations merit.



 


Working With Our Clients
Emphasis on Communication
Asset Custody – the Role of the Custodian
Peace of Mind
 








© 2017 Hayek Kallen Investment Management | (888) 434-8300 | Website by Albano Design

























  History | Hayek Kallen Investment Management





























































Our History
Founded on the shores of Mobile Bay in 1985 by Fred Hayek, for over 30 years Hayek Kallen has been serving the wealth management needs of clients across the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic. Employing a value investment discipline, and utilizing a balanced approach to portfolio construction, Fred Hayek instituted an investment methodology that has endured and flourished through a variety of economic and market cycles. With an emphasis on the individual client, and a foundation based on stewardship, Hayek Kallen has been able to evolve and steadily grow while meeting the increasingly complex demands of the financial industry. Since joining the firm in 2002, Eric Kallen has guided the firm’s investment strategy and with his appointment as President in 2011 he has taken over the operations of the business. In his role as President and Chief Investment Officer, Eric oversees the operations in both the Charlottesville, VA and Fairhope, AL offices.



 


History
Who We Are

Eric Kallen
Joe Vosicky
Robert Allan
Maggie Allison


 








© 2017 Hayek Kallen Investment Management | (888) 434-8300 | Website by Albano Design

























 Hayek Kallen Investment Management




























































Welcome to Hayek Kallen
Hayek Kallen Investment Management, LLC is a registered investment advisory firm whose goal is to serve the long-term financial interests of its clients by preserving and growing their capital in a tax-efficient manner. Since 1985, Hayek Kallen has used fundamental security analysis and a balanced-value investment approach to prudently manage individual stock and bond portfolios. Recognizing that each investor is unique, the firm seeks to develop and implement a long-term strategy that is specific to each client’s financial situation. Hayek Kallen strives to operate without conflict of interest and act as a trusted fiduciary for clients, managing approximately $260 million for select families, individuals, and institutions.



 


 
 








© 2017 Hayek Kallen Investment Management | (888) 434-8300 | Website by Albano Design

























  Eric Kallen | Hayek Kallen Investment Management
































































Who We Are
Eric Kallen – President and Chief Investment Officer
Eric@HayekKallen.com
Mr. Kallen serves as President and Chief Investment Officer at Hayek Kallen. In this capacity he is responsible for overseeing the portfolio management function and directing the equity and fixed income research efforts for the firm. Mr. Kallen’s role includes overseeing the firm’s trading activities and he serves as the chair of Hayek Kallen’s Investment Committee. Mr. Kallen’s opinions and analysis have been published in a number of publications including The Financial Times and The Wall Street Transcript. Mr. Kallen joined Hayek Kallen in 2002 after a career as an investment banker in Morgan Stanley’s Mergers and Acquisitions division in New York and London. Mr. Kallen graduated from Washington and Lee University where he received a B.A. in Public Policy/Economics and he lettered in lacrosse. He also holds an M.B.A. from The College of William and Mary. Mr. Kallen is an avid bike rider and has turned this passion into a means for raising money for charitable organizations such as the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, the Boys and Girls Club and the National MS Society. Eric and his wife Beth Ann have three children.



 


History
Who We Are

Eric Kallen
Joe Vosicky
Robert Allan
Maggie Allison


 








© 2017 Hayek Kallen Investment Management | (888) 434-8300 | Website by Albano Design

























  History | Hayek Kallen Investment Management





























































Our History
Founded on the shores of Mobile Bay in 1985 by Fred Hayek, for over 30 years Hayek Kallen has been serving the wealth management needs of clients across the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic. Employing a value investment discipline, and utilizing a balanced approach to portfolio construction, Fred Hayek instituted an investment methodology that has endured and flourished through a variety of economic and market cycles. With an emphasis on the individual client, and a foundation based on stewardship, Hayek Kallen has been able to evolve and steadily grow while meeting the increasingly complex demands of the financial industry. Since joining the firm in 2002, Eric Kallen has guided the firm’s investment strategy and with his appointment as President in 2011 he has taken over the operations of the business. In his role as President and Chief Investment Officer, Eric oversees the operations in both the Charlottesville, VA and Fairhope, AL offices.



 


History
Who We Are

Eric Kallen
Joe Vosicky
Robert Allan
Maggie Allison


 








© 2017 Hayek Kallen Investment Management | (888) 434-8300 | Website by Albano Design





















