










 




HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.
List of persons related to the company HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001686222IRS Number: 814050834Company address: 300 ATLANTIC STREET SUITE 600 STAMFORD 06901Phone number: 203-388-9080Former name: HCR OMERS Fund, L.P., date of change: 2016-10-03



People related to HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryN/A  HCR H.O.P. Fund GP, LLC300 Atlantic Street Suite 600StamfordCTN/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC300 Atlantic Street Suite 600StamfordCT




HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesHCR Stafford Fund, L.P., HCR Value Fund, L.P., HCRP OVERFLOW FUND, L.P./SERIES B












 








N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC. Find out N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC address and contact details. View other people related to N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

300 Atlantic Street Suite 600 Stamford 06901 CT




Companies related to N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001686222HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.300 ATLANTIC STREET SUITE 600 STAMFORD 06901




N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC on the Web
Persons related to N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC - HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.NamePositionCityN/A  HCR H.O.P. Fund GP, LLCStamfordN/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLCStamford












 









	OMERS: Corporate: Contact Us





























Contact Us 

Text Size:




Search











Home


Corporate


Investments


Pensions


 
 

OMERS Home 


Corporate


Contact Us













Corporate




OMERS at a Glance


News and Events


Governance


Annual Reporting


Plan Funding


OMERS in the Community


Pension Reform


Careers


Contact Us



Investments


Website Feedback









Contact Us






You can reach us in several ways.
For general information or questions about your OMERS pension:
If you have specific questions about your OMERS pension or didn’t find the information you are looking for on the website, please call OMERS Client Services at 416-369-2444 or 1-800-387-0813.
Important! Please don't send us or request your personal information by email. 
We're available Monday to Friday between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. (en anglais ou en français).
For correspondence that includes your personal information
If you need to send us your personal information (such as social insurance number or signature), you must do this by mail or fax.
Mail: OMERS, One University Ave., Suite 400, Toronto, ON M5J 2P1 
Fax: 416-369-9704 or 1-877-369-9704. 
Important: Please remember to include your OMERS membership number in any correspondence you send to us.
For pension estimates
If you would like an estimate of what your OMERS pension will be when you retire, please visit myOMERS.
On myOMERS you can also:

manage your personal information on our records 
stay informed about your pension (including our “green” e-subscription option) 
use our service-purchase estimator tool. 


OMERS Email Policy
For privacy and security reasons, OMERS will not respond to emails regarding personal information. 
Please do not provide your social insurance number, financial, medical or other personal or confidential information in email correspondence. 
It is important to note that address changes, changes to personal data, such as tax deductions, and beneficiary changes are not accepted via email notification. 

To discuss your financial, medical or other personal or confidential information, please call us. 
To change your personal data, such as tax deductions or your beneficiary, please mail or fax your signed request.   


Investments
Get contact information for OMERS Investment entities.
Contact an OMERS Investment entity
Careers
Get information about our latest job opportunities.
Visit the Careers page
Web Site Feedback
Comments or suggestions on how we can improve the OMERS website? Please let us know.

Submit feedback






Related Links


Directions
News and Events









 © 2017 OMERS
Service en français | Privacy | Accessibility | Terms of Use | Site Map







PrettyPhoto Script - Lightbox not used anymore
















News | OMERS Private Markets
























Skip to main content









 


OMERS Private Markets
Private Markets











News







 July 26, 2017 
 Borealis Infrastructure Increases Investment in Thames Water  

 July 24, 2017 
 OMERS Private Equity agrees sale of Civica to Partners Group  

 July 14, 2017 
 Strategic Review Concludes with Sale of High Speed 1  

 July 06, 2017 
 OMERS Private Equity Acquires Minority Stake in National Veterinary Associates  

 April 11, 2017 
 OMERS Announces First Direct Infrastructure Investment in South America  

 April 04, 2017 
 OMERS Private Equity acquires Inmar  

 March 24, 2017 
 Smart Meter Partnership Launch  

 March 14, 2017 
 Consortium Announces Investment in Thames Water  

 December 08, 2016 
 Strategic review of HS1 to address inbound investment inquiries   

 December 05, 2016 
 OMERS Private Equity agrees to sell V.Group to Advent International  

 September 28, 2016 
 OMERS Private Equity Sells Great Expressions Dental Centers to Roark Capital Group  

 September 19, 2016 
 Lonsdale Consortium comprising Future Fund, QIC, GIP and OMERS acquire 50 year lease of Port of Melbourne  

 July 27, 2016 
 Epiq Systems Reaches Agreement to be Acquired for $16.50 Per Share by OMERS Private Equity and Harvest Partners  

 April 29, 2016 
 OMERS Private Equity Agrees to Sell Give and Go Prepared Foods Corp. to Thomas H. Lee Partners  

 February 26, 2016 
 Consortium Agrees to Purchase 100% of London City Airport from Global Infrastructure Partners and Highstar Capital   

 February 25, 2016 
 OMERS Completes Acquisition	of	Chicago	Skyway  

 February 12, 2016 
 OMERS Private Equity Agrees to Sell Marketwired L.P. to Nasdaq, Inc.  

 February 12, 2016 
 OMERS Private Equity Acquires Forefront Dermatology  

 January 27, 2016 
 Borealis Infrastructure Announces Investment in CLH  

 December 10, 2015 
 MatrixCare and AOD Software Join Forces  


Pages1234> Page 1 of 4


 

















	OMERS





























Contact Us 

Text Size:




Search











Home


Corporate


Investments


Pensions



Sponsors Corporation

 
 

OMERS Home 


Home












































2016 Annual Reporting




Member Videos




2016 Financial Results




Additional VoluntaryContributions (AVCs)










OMERS News
RSS Feed  




Borealis Infrastructure Increases Investment in Thames Water


OMERS Private Equity agrees sale of Civica to Partners Group


Strategic review concludes with sale of High Speed 1





                  MORE NEWS                












Corporate
We're in it for the Long Term
Our organization is aligned with clear lines of accountability, promoting innovation, stability, service and partnership.

Careers 
News  
Information Meeting 
Plan Funding 
2012 Governance Review  




Investments
Creating Opportunity
OMERS is expanding our international presence and with our team of highly skilled investment professionals we continue to grow our portfolio in both public and private markets across the globe.

Investment Approach  
Our Investments 
Performance 




Pensions
Planning for the Future
Everything we do is focused on providing first-class pension services to our members and employers. Our dynamic, expert pension team continues to develop innovative products and services to meet our members' needs.

Join the Plan 
Member Handbook 
Additional Voluntary Contributions (AVCs)   

 












 © 2017 OMERS
Service en français | Privacy | Accessibility | Terms of Use | Site Map







PrettyPhoto Script - Lightbox not used anymore
































































OMERS Said to Commit $1 Billion to Fairfax’s Allied Buy - Bloomberg































































  
















OMERS Said to Commit $1 Billion to Fairfax’s Allied Buy
By Scott Deveau
        
@scottdeveau
More stories by Scott Deveau

 and Katia Dmitrieva
        
@katiadmi
More stories by Katia Dmitrieva





January 24, 2017, 12:59 PM EST



January 24, 2017, 1:59 PM EST










                Watsa’s fund in talks with another group to help fund purchase
            



                Financing could reduce Allied shareholders stake to 10 percent
            










Prem Watsa

Photographer: Norm Betts/Bloomberg



Prem Watsa’s Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd. is close to announcing a deal that would see one of Canada’s largest pension funds contribute $1 billion in financing toward its acquisition of insurer Allied World Assurance Co., according to people familiar with the matter.







                        The most important market news of the day.
                    

                        Get our markets daily newsletter.
                    





                                    Sign Up
                            










Toronto-based Fairfax could announce the financing arrangement with the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System as early as this week. Watsa is also putting together another group of funds to contribute as much as $1.7 billion in financing to the purchase of Zug, Switzerland-based Allied that will likely be announced at a later date, said the people who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.Shares in Fairfax were little changed at C$619.79 apiece in Toronto as of 1:47 p.m. Allied’s shares rose 1.3 percent to $53.47 in New York.








Representatives for Fairfax and OMERS didn’t return requests for comment.Fairfax agreed in December to buy Allied in a cash-and-stock deal valued at $4.8 billion, with as much as $4 billion of the cost covered by Fairfax shares. Watsa’s company said last month that it could limit dilution by bringing in partners for up $2.7 billion of the purchase price, similar to when OMERS helped finance Fairfax’s purchase of insurer Brit Plc in 2015.Fairfax had 75 days from the deal being announced on Dec. 19 to exercise the option, and is in talks with the group of funds to help finance the remaining $1.7 billion that is expected to be announced by the March 4 deadline, one of the people said.




Without Watsa bringing on the partners, Allied’s investors would have gotten a 27 percent stake in his insurance and investing firm. If the full $2.7 billion is contributed in cash, that would be reduced to 10 percent, under the terms of the agreement.Fairfax has the lowest of 10 investment grade scores by S&P Global ratings, which limits Watsa’s ability to take on more debt without risking a cut to junk status.




The deal will expand Fairfax’s reach in the commercial insurance market. Also, the purchase will boost Fairfax’s investment portfolio to $39 billion from about $30 billion.(An earlier version of this story corrected the deadline date and time period in fifth paragraph.)(Updates with share prices in the third paragraph.)



Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.

LEARN MORE












Most Read


Rolls-Royce Unveils Its Grandest Car Yet, the Phantom VIII


Jeff Bezos Briefly Tops Bill Gates as the World's Richest Person


Why You’re Being Invited to Fewer Weddings


Delivery Day Is Here for Tesla’s Model 3


Wells Fargo Does It Again, This Time With Unwanted Auto Insurance























































OMERS Private Equity invests in National Veterinary Associates - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































OMERS Private Equity invests in National Veterinary Associates


July 6, 2017
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
OMERS Private Equity invests in National Veterinary Associates
OMERS Private Equity said July 6 that it agreed to acquire a minority stake in National Veterinary Associates. Terms weren’t disclosed. NVA, Agoura Hills, California, is an owner-operator of veterinary hospitals, pet-boarding and daycare centers in the U.S., Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Ares Management will continue to own the majority of NVA. The transaction is expected to close in third quarter. Proskauer Rose LLP was legal counsel to NVA, while Sidley Austin LLP acted as legal counsel to OMERS Private Equity. Jefferies LLC and William Blair & Company LLC provided financial advice to NVA.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















OMERS Private Equity said July 6 that it agreed to acquire a minority stake in National Veterinary Associates. Terms weren’t disclosed. NVA, Agoura Hills, California, is an owner-operator of veterinary hospitals, pet-boarding and daycare centers in the U.S., Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Ares Management will continue to own the majority of NVA. The transaction is expected to close in third quarter. Proskauer Rose LLP was legal counsel to NVA, while Sidley Austin LLP acted as legal counsel to OMERS Private Equity. Jefferies LLC and William Blair & Company LLC provided financial advice to NVA.
PRESS RELEASE
LOS ANGELES, July 06, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — OMERS Private Equity, the private equity arm of OMERS, the pension plan for municipal employees in Ontario, announced on July 6, 2017 that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a minority stake in National Veterinary Associates (“NVA”). The transaction is in partnership with NVA’s leadership team and funds affiliated with Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE:ARES), which will continue as the majority equityholder of NVA. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed. The transaction is expected to close during the third quarter of 2017, subject to certain closing conditions.
NVA is the largest independent owner-operator of veterinary hospitals, pet boarding and daycare centers in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand with 502 locations and more than 1,800 affiliated veterinarians. NVA partners with leading hospitals which offer a full range of medical and surgical services within their local communities, and invests to support the needs of veterinarians as they deliver high-quality, compassionate care to companion animals and the people that love them. As one of the leading veterinary practice management organizations, the broad range of support services NVA provides to affiliated companion animal veterinary practices leaves veterinarians free to do what they do best – focus on pet care.
“We’re proud of the work we do every day to support more than 1,800 veterinarians and 7,000 team members at NVA practices around the country as they provide high-quality care to pets,” said Greg Hartmann, Chief Executive Officer of NVA. “We are very pleased to continue our partnership with Ares, and we are collectively eager to welcome OMERS Private Equity as an investor. We are excited for the additional value and support for growth that this new investment will bring as we continue to execute on our strategy of partnering with veterinarians in ways that help support the delivery of quality medicine to pets and outstanding service to clients. We also believe partnering with such a respected Canadian and international investor will help as we continue to execute on our growth strategy in the U.S., Canada and abroad.”
Proskauer Rose LLP acted as legal counsel to NVA. Sidley Austin LLP acted as legal counsel to OMERS Private Equity.  Jefferies LLC and William Blair & Company, L.L.C. acted as financial advisors to NVA.
About National Veterinary Associates
National Veterinary Associates was founded more than 20 years ago and today is the largest independent owner-operator of veterinary hospitals and pet boarding and daycare centers in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. The Company operates 502 locations in 41 states and 4 countries. NVA is affiliated with more than 1,800 veterinarians who care for over 5 million patients per year.
About OMERS
OMERS Private Markets (OMERS Private Equity and Borealis Infrastructure) invests globally in private equity and infrastructure assets on behalf of OMERS, the pension plan for municipal employees in Ontario.  OMERS Private Equity’s investment strategy includes active investment in a portfolio of industry-leading businesses across North America and Europe. Investments are aimed at steady returns to help deliver strong and sustainable pensions to OMERS members.  OMERS Private Markets has offices in Toronto, New York, London and Sydney.  For more information, please visit www.omersprivatemarkets.com.
Founded in 1962, OMERS is one of Canada’s largest defined benefit pension plans, with more than CAD$85 billion in net assets, as at December 31, 2016. It invests and administers pensions for more than 470,000 members from municipalities, school boards, emergency services and local agencies across Ontario. OMERS has employees in Toronto and other major cities across North America, the U.K., Europe and Australia – originating and managing a diversified portfolio of investments in public markets, private equity, infrastructure and real estate. For more information, please visit www.omers.com.
About Ares Management, L.P.
Ares Management, L.P. is a publicly traded, leading global alternative asset manager with approximately $100 billion of assets under management as of March 31, 2017, and more than 15 offices in the United States, Europe and Asia. Since its inception in 1997, Ares has adhered to a disciplined investment philosophy that focuses on delivering strong risk-adjusted investment returns throughout market cycles. Ares believes each of its three distinct but complementary investment groups in Credit, Private Equity and Real Estate is a market leader based on assets under management and investment performance. Ares was built upon the fundamental principle that each group benefits from being part of the greater whole. For more information, visit www.aresmgmt.com.
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
OMERS Private Equity invests in National Veterinary Associates
OMERS Private Equity said July 6 that it agreed to acquire a minority stake in National Veterinary Associates. Terms weren’t disclosed. NVA, Agoura Hills, California, is an owner-operator of veterinary hospitals, pet-boarding and daycare centers in the U.S., Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Ares Management will continue to own the majority of NVA. The transaction is expected to close in third quarter. Proskauer Rose LLP was legal counsel to NVA, while Sidley Austin LLP acted as legal counsel to OMERS Private Equity. Jefferies LLC and William Blair & Company LLC provided financial advice to NVA.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Cambridge Associates, Bank of America, UBS are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

 































HCR Value Fund, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











HCR Value Fund, L.P.  Funding details


HCR Value Fund, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001556476IRS Number: 460740753Address: 170 WESTMINSTER STREET, 9TH FLOOR  PROVIDENCE 02903Phone number: 401-455-3794



Latest news
HCR Value Fund, L.P. raised $9,350,000 from 11 investors on 2014-06-05.



HCR Value Fund, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2014-06-05Amended Form DIndefinite$9,350,000Indefinite$1,000,0001106b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2013-12-20New Form D$20,000,000$20,000,0000$250,0001006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2013-06-05Amended Form DIndefinite$15,000,000Indefinite$1,000,000806 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2012-08-27New Form DIndefinite$15,000,000Indefinite$1,000,000706[SEC Filing]
HCR Value Fund, L.P. raised $29,350,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of HCR Value Fund, L.P.
Key People in HCR Value Fund, L.P.:

N/A HCR Value Fund GP LLCN/A ClearPath Wealth Management LLCPatrick Churchville
Similar companiesHCRP OVERFLOW FUND, L.P./SERIES B, HCR Stafford Fund, L.P., HCR OMERS Fund, L.P., HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.








Last visited companies: Cannae Capital Partners(Onshore), LP, Capital Guardian International (Non-U.S.) Small Capitalizati, Colchis P2P Plus Fund, L.P., DAISY AUSTRALIA Ltd LIABILITY Co, EAGLE INCOME APPRECIATION II LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
























McMorgan Infrastructure Fund I, L.P.: An Introduction - McMorgan and Co McMorgan and Co









































 













McMorgan Infrastructure Fund I, L.P.:  An Introduction



Fund Overview



The McMorgan Infrastructure Fund I, L.P. (“the Fund”)1 formally began its investment program in July 2014, with total aggregate capital commitments of $1.325 billion.  The Fund is a dedicated vehicle participating as a direct member in the Global Strategic Investment Alliance (“GSIA”).  The GSIA is a co-investment program established by OMERS Strategic Investments, an afﬁliate of the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System (“OMERS”), a Canadian pension fund with over C$70 billion in equity.  Immediately after admission of the Fund, on June 30, 2014, the GSIA closed to further membership, with more than $12.5 billion in committed capital.

The McMorgan Infrastructure Fund I, L.P. (“the Fund”)1 formally began its investment program in July 2014, with total aggregate capital commitments of $1.325 billion.  The Fund is a dedicated vehicle participating as a direct member in the Global Strategic Investment Alliance (“GSIA”).  The GSIA is a co-investment program established by OMERS Strategic Investments, an afﬁliate of the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System (“OMERS”), a Canadian pension fund with over C$70 billion in equity.  Immediately after admission of the Fund, on June 30, 2014, the GSIA closed to further membership, with more than $12.5 billion in committed capital.



Mcmorgan infrastructure fund I, l.p. highlights


Fund Closing Date
June 27, 2014


McMorgan Infrastructure Fund Committed Capital
 $1,325,825,000


GSIA Total Committed Capital (across six investors, including McMorgan)
$12,575,000,000


McMorgan Infrastructure Fund % of GSIA
 10.5%


McMorgan Infrastructure Fund Deployed Capital
$580,255,000





GSIA Program Review


GSIA
Global Strategic Investment Alliance; a consortium of investors developed by OMERS which includes the McMorgan Infrastructure Fund I, L.P.



OMERS
 Ontario Municipal Employees’ Retirement System; one of Canada’s largest pension funds


Borealis
OMERS’ infrastructure investment arm; serves as manager for assets invested in by the GSIA


1Fund is closed to new investors.

[click here to read more]
 



 




AS REQUIRED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, THIS PASSWORD-PROTECTED WEB SITE May only be accessed by existing or prospective clients of McMORGAN & COMPANY, LLC and by investment professionals  WHO, AMONG OTHER REQUIREMENTS, ARE QUALIFIED AS ACCREDITED INVESTORS OR WHO GENERALLY ARE SOPHISTICATED IN FINANCIAL MATTERS SUCH THAT THEY ARE CAPABLE OF EVALUATING THE MERITS AND RISKS OF PROSPECTIVE INVESTMENTS.
If you are an accredited investor or an investment professional please register or log in to access this content.


If you have registered, please
Log In



Email:


										Remember my email
										




Password:

Forgot my password








REGISTER NOW
As a registered user of www.mcmorgan.com you will be able to access valuable content such as strategy specific presentations, as well as additional white papers and specialized information for our qualified investors and investment professionals.
All fields are required to complete registration. Your password must be at least 8 characters and include one numeric character. Please provide a business email address only.





First Name:



Firm:



Email:



Password:





Last Name:



Confirm Email:



Retype Password:




User Type
I certify that I am or represent a:



										CONSULTANT
										





										INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR as defined under FINRA 2210
										





										ACCREDITED INVESTOR as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
										













Forgot your password?
Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.



Username or Email:















McMorgan & Company LLC
One Front Street, Suite 500
San Francisco, CA 94111
T: 415-788-9300
F: 415-616-9386
E: service@mcmorgan.com


HOME

McMorgan
Philosophy
Team


TAFT-HARTLEY SOLUTIONS

Investment Strategies
TOBAM EM Fund
McMorgan Offerings
Retirement Plan Services


INSIGHTS
COMMUNITY & RECOGNITION

Media


  





 




© 2017 McMorgan & Company LLC. All rights reserved.

LEGAL NOTICE
CAREERS
SITE MAP
CONNECT 
 

 














