










 




N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC. Find out N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC address and contact details. View other people related to N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

300 Atlantic Street Suite 600 Stamford 06901 CT




Companies related to N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001686222HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.300 ATLANTIC STREET SUITE 600 STAMFORD 06901




N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC on the Web
Persons related to N/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC - HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.NamePositionCityN/A  HCR H.O.P. Fund GP, LLCStamfordN/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLCStamford












 








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.
List of persons related to the company HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001686222IRS Number: 814050834Company address: 300 ATLANTIC STREET SUITE 600 STAMFORD 06901Phone number: 203-388-9080Former name: HCR OMERS Fund, L.P., date of change: 2016-10-03



People related to HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryN/A  HCR H.O.P. Fund GP, LLC300 Atlantic Street Suite 600StamfordCTN/A  HCR OMERS Fund GP, LLC300 Atlantic Street Suite 600StamfordCT




HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesHCR Stafford Fund, L.P., HCR Value Fund, L.P., HCRP OVERFLOW FUND, L.P./SERIES B












 








HCR Value Fund, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











HCR Value Fund, L.P.  Funding details


HCR Value Fund, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001556476IRS Number: 460740753Address: 170 WESTMINSTER STREET, 9TH FLOOR  PROVIDENCE 02903Phone number: 401-455-3794



Latest news
HCR Value Fund, L.P. raised $9,350,000 from 11 investors on 2014-06-05.



HCR Value Fund, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2014-06-05Amended Form DIndefinite$9,350,000Indefinite$1,000,0001106b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2013-12-20New Form D$20,000,000$20,000,0000$250,0001006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2013-06-05Amended Form DIndefinite$15,000,000Indefinite$1,000,000806 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2012-08-27New Form DIndefinite$15,000,000Indefinite$1,000,000706[SEC Filing]
HCR Value Fund, L.P. raised $29,350,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of HCR Value Fund, L.P.
Key People in HCR Value Fund, L.P.:

N/A HCR Value Fund GP LLCN/A ClearPath Wealth Management LLCPatrick Churchville
Similar companiesHCRP OVERFLOW FUND, L.P./SERIES B, HCR Stafford Fund, L.P., HCR OMERS Fund, L.P., HCR H.O.P. Fund, L.P.








Last visited companies: ABATTIS BIOCEUTICALS CORP, China Green Agriculture, Inc., Fitist Corp., Harvest Power, Inc., John Hancock Life Insurance Co (U.S.A.) Separate Account P

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.





















HealthCare Royalty Partners - Team



























HC Royalty Partners


About
Approach
Team
Portfolio
News
Contact




 Team



















 







Team
Strategic Advisory Board







We are former surgeons, pharmaceutical executives, bankers, equity analysts, lawyers and consultants. We have decades of investment, operational, clinical, structuring and capital markets experience. Our Strategic Advisory Board consists of  prominent healthcare veterans that enhance the depth and expertise of our team. 


   Carlos M. Almodovar
                          Principal-Investor Relations


  Li S. Boynton
                        Associate


  Gregory B. Brown, M.D.
                        Founder


   Thomas K. Conner
                          Chief Financial Officer


  Warren D. Cooper, MB, BS, BSc, MFPM
                          Chief Medical Officer


  Todd
                          C. Davis 
                        Founder


   Samuel D. Floyd II 
                          Associate 


  Clarke
                          B. Futch 
                        Founder



   Paul J. Hadden
                        Managing Director



  Shin W. Kang, Ph.D. 
                        Vice President 


   Joshua D. Kurtz 
                        Fund Controller


   Sean S. Mansoory 
                      Associate



   Anthony G. Rapsomanikis 
                      Vice President


   Andrew T. Reardon
                        Chief Legal Officer



   Spencer H. Schneider
                        IP Counsel & 
                        Chief Compliance Officer 


  John A. Urquhart
                        Principal


   Amy J. Vayalattu
                        Fund Accountant


  Conrad Wang, M.D.
                        Principal


   Christopher A. White
                        Chief Operating Officer 


   Ting Xie, Ph.D. 
                      Senior Associate 

$('.clickable').fitted();





Our Strategic Advisory Board consists of  world  renowned healthcare experts with extensive expertise in global manufacturing,  clinical medicine, commercialization of life science products, and licensing.


  Frank M. Armstrong, M.D.


  Louis P. Berneman


  Michael
                        G. Carter, M.D.


  Marc D. Kozin


  Robert S. Langer, Sc.D.


  Julie H. McHugh


  Natale S. Ricciardi

$('.clickable').fitted();


Spotlight
  










 Gregory B. Brown, M.D.
 Founder

Gregory B. Brown, M.D. is a co-founder and Vice Chairman of  HCR and the Chairman of the Strategic Advisory Board. Educated as a  transplantation immunologist and trained as a thoracic and vascular surgeon,  Dr. Brown practiced thoracic and vascular surgery in a community setting where  he also founded and led an HMO. He brings particular expertise in the  scientific, technical, clinical and medical evaluation of products as well as  in healthcare systems and payor / reimbursement dynamics. He has been involved  in sourcing, diligencing and closing more than $1 billion of royalty  financings. Before co-founding HCR, Dr. Brown was a partner at Paul  Capital Partners, where he co-managed that firm's royalty investments as a  member of the royalty management committee. Prior to beginning his principal  investment career in 2003, Dr. Brown was co-head of investment banking and head  of healthcare at Adams, Harkness & Hill (now Canaccord Genuity) and a  ranked biotechnology research analyst at Vector Securities International. Dr. Brown  holds a B.A. from Yale, an M.D. from SUNY Upstate Medical Center and an M.B.A.  from Harvard Business School. He currently serves on the board of MonoSol Rx and is a board observer at Vanderbilt S.a.r.l.          

Li S. Boynton
Associate

Li S. Boynton joined HCR as an Associate in 2016. Previously, she worked in Equity Research covering the large cap pharma and large/smid cap biotechnology sectors at Guggenheim. Ms. Boynton holds a B.S. in Molecular Biology from Yale University.

 Todd C. Davis
 Founder

Todd C. Davis is a co-founder, Managing Partner, and Chairman of the Portfolio Management Committee at HCR. He has particular expertise in the commercial, operational and licensing aspects of the healthcare industry, and is responsible for the management of HCR's existing portfolio of over $1 billion. Mr. Davis has been involved in over $2 billion in healthcare principal investments including sourcing, conducting due diligence, and closing more than $1 billion in royalty financings. In addition, Mr. Davis has run HCR's business development activities, coordinated the firm's public relations activities and served on the Investment Committee. Previously, Mr. Davis was a partner at Paul Capital Partners, where he co-managed that firm's royalty investments as a member of the royalty management committee. He also served as a partner responsible for biopharmaceutical growth equity investments at Apax Partners. Prior to beginning his principal investment career in 2001, Mr. Davis held sales and  marketing roles at Abbott Laboratories and worked in business development, licensing and general management at Elan Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Davis holds a B.S. from the U.S. Naval Academy and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. He currently serves on the boards of Suneva Medical, Ligand Pharmaceuticals, AcuFocus and TearScience.


 Clarke B. Futch 
 Founder

Clarke B. Futch is a co-founder, Managing Partner and Chairman of the Investment Committee at HCR. He has been raising and deploying capital in the healthcare royalty market for more than a dozen years. Since 2001, he has led more than 30 royalty investments representing nearly $2 billion of invested capital. Over the course of his career, Mr. Futch has raised over $5 billion across five investment funds and executed more than 100 transactions including royalty, equity, debt and M&A deals. At HCR Partners, he also leads the firm's fundraising activities. Before co-founding HCR, Mr. Futch served as a partner at Paul Capital Partners where he co-managed the firm's royalty investments as a member of the royalty management committee. He previously served as a founder of the healthcare group at Thomas Weisel Partners, and as a vice president at Raymond James. Mr. Futch was previously named one of the future leaders in biotech finance by BioWorld, one of the industry's leading publications. He holds a B.A., magna cum laude, from Vanderbilt University and a J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law.  Mr. Futch also serves on the board of Suneva Medical. 


 Paul J. Hadden
 Managing Director 

Paul J. Hadden is a Managing Director and member of the Investment Committee at HCR. He joined the firm in 2007 and is focused primarily on HCR's activities in the United Kingdom and Europe, including, deal sourcing and structuring.  Mr. Hadden has previously led the firm's efforts with Universities and Inventors as well as its global business development activities. Mr. Hadden has over a decade of experience investing in and advising biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and to date has been involved in sourcing, conducting due diligence and/or closing over $950 million in royalty transactions. Prior to HCR, Mr. Hadden served as a principal at The Frankel Group LLC, a boutique management consulting firm serving the life sciences industry, where he advised leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology and generic clients. Mr. Hadden started his career at New York-Presbyterian Hospital as a senior financial analyst providing financial planning support to the program development and clinical services division. Mr. Hadden holds a B.A. from Yale College and an M.P.H. from the Yale School of Public Health.


 Conrad Wang, M.D.
 Principal 
Conrad Wang, M.D. joined HCR as a Principal in 2015.  Trained as an orthopedic surgeon, Dr. Wang has over a decade of experience investing and structuring acquisitions in healthcare.  Dr. Wang most recently was Senior Director, Corporate Development at Medtronic plc where he led cross-functional deal teams in evaluating and executing acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and minority investments.  Prior to Medtronic, Dr. Wang was a principal investor at Three Arch Partners, a healthcare venture capital firm, where he sourced, invested in and was a board member for medical device, healthcare services and therapeutics companies. Dr. Wang holds a B.S. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), an M.D. from the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology at Harvard Medical School, and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School where he was named a Baker Scholar.  He completed his post-graduate training in the Harvard Combined Orthopedic Residency Program. He currently serves as a board observer for AcuFocus and TearScience.


 Cici Zheng 
 Associate

 Cici Zheng is an Associate of HCR. Prior to joining HC Royalty, she was
            an analyst in the healthcare investment banking division at UBS Investment Bank,
            where she focused on mergers and acquisitions as well as debt and equity financings
            across the healthcare industry. Ms. Zheng holds a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania.


 Emilie C. McKenna 
 Associate

 Emilie McKenna is an Associate of HCR. Prior to joining HCR, she
            was an analyst in the healthcare investment banking group at Cowen and Company,
            where she focused on mergers and acquisitions as well as debt and equity financings.
            Ms. McKenna holds a B.A. from Bowdoin College.


 Sean S. Mansoory 
 Associate

 Sean S. Mansoory joined HCR as an Associate in 2016. Previously, he worked in the healthcare investment banking groups at BMO Capital Markets and Janney Capital Markets. Prior to Janney, he worked as a Market Research Analyst at Boston Biomedical Consultants (now QuintilesIMS), a boutique consulting firm primarily focused on the In Vitro Diagnostics (IVD) sector. Sean holds a B.S. in Biochemistry and Pre-Medicine from Trinity College (CT).


 Shin W. Kang, Ph.D.
Vice President

Shin W. Kang, Ph.D. joined HCR as a Vice President in 2015. Dr. Kang focuses on HCR's research efforts as well as business development related to U.S. based universities and inventors.  He most recently served as a Vice President of Equity Research at Wells Fargo Securities covering the biotechnology sector. Prior to Wells Fargo, Dr. Kang managed technology, intellectual property and business development at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine. He holds a Ph.D. in Biological Chemistry/Immunology from the University of California, Los Angeles, an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School and a B.S. from the University of California, Davis. Dr. Kang also conducted research at Genentech as a postdoctoral fellow.


 John A. Urquhart 
Principal

John A. Urquhart is a Principal at HCR. Mr. Urquhart joined HCR in 2007 and since then he has served various roles of increasing responsibility.  He has over a decade of healthcare investing experience in the royalty and structured finance market.  Mr. Urquhart is based in Boston and is responsible for the firm's business development efforts in the greater Boston region. Prior to HCR, Mr. Urquhart was an investment banking analyst at Cowen and Company, where he focused on mergers and acquisitions as well as debt and equity financings. Mr. Urquhart holds a B.A. from Brown University and a M.B.A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.


 Anthony G. Rapsomanikis 
 Director of West Coast Business Development

Anthony G. Rapsomanikis is Vice President and Director of West Coast Business Development at HCR. Prior to joining the firm in 2012 as an Associate, he worked as an Analyst in the healthcare investment banking group at Stifel Nicolaus Weisel and its predecessor firm Thomas Weisel Partners, where he was focused on mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity financings. Prior to Stifel, Mr. Rapsomanikis was an Analyst at Silverwood Partners, where he advised middle market companies on private capital raises and M&A transactions. Mr. Rapsomanikis holds a B.B.A., cum laude, from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst.


Pei Zhou, CFA 
Associate 

Pei Zhou, CFA joined HCR as an Associate in 2015. Previously, he worked as an Investment Banking Analyst at MTS Health Partners, a boutique healthcare merchant bank. Prior to MTS, he worked in corporate finance at Comcast/NBCUniversal. Pei holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania.


Ting Xie, Ph.D. 
Senior Associate 

Ting Xie, Ph.D. joined HCR as an Associate in 2016. Previously, he was a member of AB Bernstein's II ranked equity research team covering biotech and specialty pharma sectors. Dr. Xie holds a Ph.D. from Harvard University, where he focused on cutting-edge small molecule drug development and related clinical studies at Harvard Medical School and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Prior to that, he received his BSc in Chemistry and Biology from Tsinghua University.


 Thomas K. Conner
 Chief Financial Officer 

Thomas K. Conner is the  Chief Financial Officer and a Managing Director at HCR. Prior to joining HCR,  Mr. Conner was the COO of investment banking at Cowen & Company. Mr. Conner  spent more than twenty years with Cowen & Company and was its Chief  Financial Officer until its merger with Ramius. Prior to joining Cowen, Mr.  Conner worked for TLP Leasing Programs, where he managed the accounting  operations of 15 public and private limited partnerships. Previously, Mr.  Conner worked for Atlantic Capital Corporation. He began his career at Deloitte  Haskins & Sells in 1983. Mr. Conner holds a B.B.A. from the University of  Massachusetts, Amherst and is a Certified Public Accountant licensed in the  State of New York.


 Andrew T. Reardon
 Chief Legal Officer

Andrew T. Reardon is the Chief Legal Officer at HCR. Prior to joining HCR, Mr. Reardon was a senior  associate at Willkie Farr & Gallagher. Mr. Reardon's experience includes  advising private equity funds, hedge funds, lenders and operating companies on  matters including fund formations, financings, equity issuances, mergers and  acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, royalty transactions, restructurings and  corporate governance. Mr. Reardon received a J.D., with high distinction, from  The University of Iowa College of Law where he was the recipient of the Alan I.  Widiss Faculty Scholar Award, and a B.A., with honors, from the State  University of New York, College at Old Westbury. Mr. Reardon is a former  officer with the United States Army National Guard.


 Spencer H. Schneider 
 IP Counsel  & Chief Compliance Officer

Spencer H. Schneider is the Chief Compliance Officer and  Intellectual Property Counsel at HCR. Mr. Schneider helped establish  HCR's compliance program, handled all aspects of the Firm's  registration as an investment advisor with the SEC and manages all compliance  functions.  He is a registered patent attorney with extensive experience  in conducting intellectual property due diligence for corporate transactions.  Prior to joining HCR, Mr. Schneider was a principal at Speyside Capital  Advisors, a boutique advisory firm helping to facilitate commercialization of  university inventions. Previously, Mr. Schneider was an associate in the  intellectual property groups of Dewey & LeBoeuf, Ropes & Gray, and  Cooper & Dunham. He has conducted patent due diligence for multiple types  of transactions including public offerings, venture capital financings, mergers  and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, and royalty transactions. Mr. Schneider  holds a B.A. in Biology from Columbia College, a M.S. in Biochemistry and  Molecular Biology from New York Medical College, and a J.D. from Cardozo School  of Law.


 Frank M. Armstrong, M.D.

Frank M. Armstrong, M.D. is  a member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. Over the course of his tenured  career, Dr. Armstrong has served as chief executive officer at a number of  healthcare and biopharmaceutical companies, including Fulcrum Pharma plc,  CuraGen Corporation, Bioaccelerate Holdings, Inc., Provensis Ltd. and Phoqus  Pharmaceuticals plc. Dr. Armstrong has also worked in big Pharma as head of  worldwide product development at Bayer AG, a senior vice president at Zeneca  Pharmaceuticals (now AstraZeneca plc) and a Senior Vice President at Merck  Serono. Dr. Armstrong holds an MBChB from the University of Edinburgh and  became a member of the Royal College of Physicians in 1984. He was elected a  Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, Edinburgh in 1993 and was elected a  Fellow of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Physicians in 1994.


 Michael G. Carter, M.D.

Michael G. Carter, M.D. is a  member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board and Investment Committee. Dr. Carter is a venture partner at  SV Life Sciences Advisers LLP and serves as a non-executive director of  Micromet Inc., Fulcrum Pharma plc, Santarus, Inc. and GTx, Inc. Previously, Dr.  Carter was a member of the strategic advisory board for the Paul Royalty Funds.  From 1984 to 1998, Dr. Carter held numerous positions with Zeneca  Pharmaceuticals (now AstraZeneca plc), including international marketing  director, international medical director and serving on that company's board.  Dr. Carter also held numerous positions with Roche Products Ltd from 1976 to  1984, including director of the pharmaceutical division, head of medical  development and medical affairs, and an adverse reactions physician. For nearly  a decade, he served on the UK Government's Medicines Commission and, prior to  entering the pharmaceutical industry, was a practicing physician. Dr. Carter  holds a Diploma in Pharmaceutical Medicine, an MBChB from Sheffield University  Medical School, a B-Pharm from London University's School of Pharmacy and is a  member of the Pharmaceutical Society. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal  Pharmaceutical Society, a Fellow of Faculty of Pharmaceutical Medicine of the  Royal College of Physicians and a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians,  Edinburgh.


 Nicholas L. Teti, Jr.

Nicholas L. Teti, Jr. is a  member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. He is Chairman of the Board and CEO  of Suneva Medical. Prior to Suneva Medical, Mr. Teti was Chairman of the Board  of Isolagen, Inc. and, until January 2008, was also the company's Chief  Executive Officer. Previously, Mr. Teti served as Chairman, President and Chief  Executive Officer of the Inamed Corporation from 2002-2006 through the Allergan  acquisition. Prior to Inamed, Mr. Teti spent twenty-five years at DuPont and  DuPont Merck where he held a number of senior management positions including  President and CEO of DuPont Pharmaceuticals. He currently serves on the Board  of Enteromedics. Mr. Teti holds a B.A. and an M.B.A. from St. Joseph's  University.


 Louis P. Berneman
 Lead Advisor, Nonprofit Institutions

Louis P. Berneman serves as  the Lead Advisor, Nonprofit Institutions for HCR. Mr. Berneman is a Past  President of the Association of University Technology Managers (AUTM), a global  network of more than 3,500 universities and other nonprofit research  institutions focused on licensing technology created through academic and  nonprofit research. He is also a former Vice President and Trustee of the  Licensing Executives Society (LES), a professional licensing and technology  transfer society comprised of over 6,000 members. Mr. Berneman served on the  Strategic Advisory Board for the Paul Royalty Funds for nine years and was  managing director of the Center for Technology Transfer at the University of  Pennsylvania. Currently, Mr. Berneman heads Texelerate, LLC, a technology  transfer consultancy focusing on assisting institutions, investors,  entrepreneurs and companies with licensing transactions, royalty monetizations,  and creating financing for start-ups. He is also a founding partner of Osage  University Partners. Mr. Berneman holds a B.A. from the Pennsylvania State  University, a teaching credential from University of California at Santa  Barbara, and an M.A., M.T. and Ed. D. from Teachers College, Columbia  University. He is also a Certified Licensing Professional.


Joshua D. Kurtz
Fund Controller

Joshua D. Kurtz is a Fund  Controller at HCRP. Prior to joining HCR, Mr. Kurtz was a fund accounting  manager at Chilton Investment Company, where he was a team leader within the  group and managed all aspects of the fund accounting functions. Before joining  Chilton, Mr. Kurtz worked at Cowen Investment Management (formerly Ramius), where he served as a vice president in the  accounting group responsible for accounting and financial reporting for  multiple investment funds. Prior to Ramius, Mr. Kurtz was a senior accountant  in the audit assurance services investment management division of Deloitte and  Touche, where he specialized in the audits of private equity and hedge funds.  Mr. Kurtz holds a B.B.A. from Baruch College and is a Certified Public  Accountant licensed in the State of New York.


Carlos M. Almodovar
Principal  - Investor Relations

Carlos M. Almodovar is a Principal  in the investor relations group at HCR. Prior to joining HCR, Mr. Almodovar  was Director, Business Development at Strategic Value Partners, an alternative  investment firm focused on distressed debt. Prior to joining Strategic Value  Partners, Mr. Almodovar served as an Associate Director for UBS Investment Bank  where he focused on raising capital for external private equity managers.  Before UBS Investment Bank, Mr. Almodovar served as an analyst in real estate  for Lehman Brothers. Mr. Almodovar holds a B.S. from Cornell University.


Robert S. Langer, Sc.D.

Robert S. Langer, Sc.D. is a  member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. He is a David H. Koch Institute  Professor and Founder of the Langer Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of  Technology. Dr. Langer previously served as a member of the United States Food  and Drug Administration's SCIENCE Board, the FDA's highest advisory board, from  1995 - 2002 and as its Chairman from 1999-2002. He has helped start 25 companies,  and more than 250 pharmaceutical, chemical, biotechnology and medical device  companies have licensed or sublicensed Langer Lab patents. Over the course of  his tenured career, Dr. Langer has received over 210 major awards including the  2013 Wolf Prize in Chemistry which is considered the Isreali Nobel Prize; the  2006 United States National Medal of Science; the 2011 United States National  Medal of Technology and Innovation; and the Charles Stark Draper Prize, the  equivalent of the Nobel Prize for engineers. He has also been elected to the  Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy  of Engineering and the National Academy of Sciences. Dr. Langer has received 19  honorary doctorates including honorary degrees from both Harvard and Yale. He  received his Bachelor's Degree from Cornell University and his Sc.D. from   Massachusetts Institute of Technology, both in Chemical Engineering.


Julie H. McHugh
Julie H. McHugh is a member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. Ms. McHugh most recently served as chief operating officer for Endo Health Solutions, Inc., from March 2010 through May 2013, where she was responsible for the specialty pharmaceutical and generic drug businesses. Prior to joining Endo, Ms. McHugh was the chief executive officer of Nora Therapeutics, Inc., a venture capital backed biotech start-up company focused on developing novel therapies for the treatment of infertility disorders. Before that she served as company group chairman for Johnson & Johnson's (J&J) worldwide virology business unit, and previously she was president of Centocor, Inc., a J&J subsidiary. While at J&J, Ms. McHugh oversaw the development and launches of several products, including Remicade® (infliximab), Prezista® (darunavir) and Intelence® (etravirine), and she was responsible for oversight of a research and development portfolio including compounds for HIV, hepatitis C, and tuberculosis. Prior to joining Centocor, Ms. McHugh led the marketing communications for gastrointestinal drug Prilosec® (omeprazole) at Astra-Merck Inc. She currently serves on the board of visitors for the Smeal College of Business of the Pennsylvania State University as well as on the board of directors of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Aerie Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Epirus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. and Trevena, Inc., all publicly held companies, and The New Xellia Group, a privately held company. She previously served on the board of directors for ViroPharma Inc., the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), the Pennsylvania Biotechnology Association and the New England Healthcare Institute (NEHI). Ms. McHugh received her M.B.A. from St. Joseph's University and her B.S. from Pennsylvania State University.


Marc D. Kozin

Marc D. Kozin is a member of  HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. He is a Senior Advisor and former President of  L.E.K. Consulting, a global management consulting firm that helps clients solve  their most critical business problems. Mr. Kozin has 30 years of experience in  strategy consulting and M&A management, both domestically and  internationally. He also has deep industry expertise advising  biopharmaceutical, life sciences, and medtech companies. During his tenure at  L.E.K., Mr. Kozin advised senior executives in life sciences and other  industries to help them identify new growth opportunities, build value, pursue  highly-profitable mergers and acquisitions, and support sustained growth. He  helped open the firm's Boston office in 1987 and oversaw the growth of the  firm's U.S. operations including the company's acquisition of shareholder value  consulting firm Alcar in 1993. In 2002 Consulting Magazine named Mr. Kozin one of the 25  most influential consultants in recognition of his leadership and results for  clients. He holds a B.A., magna cum laude, in Economics from Duke University, and an  M.B.A. with distinction from The Wharton School at the University of  Pennsylvania. Mr. Kozin currently sits on the Boards of Endocyte, Inc., Dyax  Corporation, Helomics™ Corporation, Medical Simulation Corporation, UFP  Technologies and Crunchtime! Information Systems.


Neil J. Campbell

Neil J. Campbell joined HCR  as an Advisor in 2014. He currently serves as President & CEO of Helomics™  Corporation; Chairman of Mosaigen® Corporation; and as a Senior Research Fellow  at the University of Liverpool. Over the course of his career, Mr. Campbell has  successfully developed and/or introduced more than 275 products and services in  the areas of pharmaceuticals, medical devices, clinical & industrial  diagnostics, consumer healthcare products, medical software, research products,  bioinformatics, nanotechnology, high-performance computing, and  internet-of-things. He has held C-level positions at Child Health Research  Institute, SuperNova Diagnostics, Inc., Endeavour Capital, EntreMed  Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: ENMD), and Celera Genomics (NASDAQ:CRA). Mr. Campbell  has also served in general and executive management positions at Life  Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: LIFE), IGEN, Inc., acquired by Roche (NASDAQ:IGEN),  and Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT). Mr. Campbell serves on several industry,  government, non-profit and company boards and is an active author on a wide  variety of subjects relating to the research, development and commercialization  of science and technology. He is pursuing a Doctorate from the University of  Liverpool and holds an M.B.A. and M.A. from Webster University and a B.S.B.A.  from Norwich University. 


Warren D. Cooper, MB, BS, BSc, MFPM

Warren D. Cooper, MB, BS, BSc, MFPM, is the Chief Medical Officer and a Managing Director at HCR Partners.  Dr. Cooper previously served as an Industry Advisor to HCR Partners. He is a UK-trained physician with over 35 years of experience in the global pharmaceutical industry. Dr. Cooper was the founding CEO of Prism Pharmaceuticals, a venture-backed, specialty pharmaceutical company that he led from inception to the sale of the Company to Baxter International in May 2011. With a background in cardiology and cardiac surgery, he spent 12 years with Merck, initially as a UK clinical research physician, then as head of European and subsequently Worldwide Clinical Research Operations for Merck Research Laboratories across all therapeutic areas. Moving to AstraMerck (now AstraZeneca PLC), he led that company's cardiovascular business division, a role with full business lifecycle leadership from in-licensing through development to P&L responsibility for sales and marketing. Dr. Cooper currently serves as the Lead Director on the Board of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals and is a member of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Medicine of the Royal Colleges of Physicians of the United Kingdom, and of the International Society of Hypertension.


Natale S. Ricciardi

Natale S. Ricciardi is a  member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. He spent his entire 39-year  biopharmaceutical career at Pfizer Inc. Prior to his retirement in 2011, Mr.  Ricciardi served as President, Pfizer Global Manufacturing, Senior Vice  President, Pfizer Inc. and as a member of the Pfizer Executive Leadership Team.  In addition to his corporate leadership role, Mr. Ricciardi was directly  responsible for all of Pfizer's internal and external supply organization – a  global enterprise with as many as 38,000 employees and more than 100  manufacturing facilities supplying small and large molecule pharmaceuticals,  vaccines, consumer, nutrition and animal health products, by working with  Research from product co-development, regulatory approvals, manufacturing and  launch. His first decade at Pfizer was spent performing technical and supervisory  roles in the New York area. Mr. Ricciardi then relocated to Puerto Rico where  he led Pfizer's growing manufacturing operations and ultimately included Sales  and Marketing in the Caribbean. He returned to the mainland in 1995 as Vice  President of Manufacturing for Pfizer's Animal Health Group. In 1999 he was  given responsibility for Pfizer's U.S. manufacturing operations and assumed  global responsibilities in 2004. Mr. Ricciardi holds a B.S. in Chemical  Engineering from The City College of New York and an M.B.A. in Finance and  International Business from Fordham University.   He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Dynavax Technologies.


Amy J. Vayalattu
Fund Accountant

Amy J. Vayalattu joined HCR  as a Fund Accountant in 2015. She previously served as an Assurance Associate  in the Financial Services Group at McGladrey LLP. In this role she was  responsible for conducting risk analysis and audits for private equity funds,  fund-of-funds and hedge funds. She previously served in the Federal Tax Department  at IBM. Amy holds a B.A. in Public Accounting from Pace University.


Christopher A. White
Chief Operating Officer

Christopher A. White joined HCR as Chief Operating  Officer in 2014 and became a member of the Investment Committee in 2015. He has  over twenty years of legal, financial and operational experience. He previously  served as Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking at Janney Montgomery  Scott LLC where he was responsible for leading the strategic direction,  business development and corporate finance activities of the Investment Banking  Division within the Capital Markets Group. Prior to joining Janney in 2011, Mr.  White spent over a decade at Cowen Group, Inc. where he held a number of senior  management positions including Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial  Officer and Chief Operating Officer. He previously served in senior leadership  positions at Salomon Smith Barney and spent seven years as a securities and  mergers and acquisitions lawyer. Mr. White holds a B.A. from Amherst College  and a J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School.


Samuel D. Floyd II
Associate

Samuel D. Floyd II joined HCR as an Associate in 2015. Previously, he worked in the Financial Sponsors Group of the J.P. Morgan Private Bank where he advised senior private equity professionals regarding their investing, banking, credit, and estate planning needs. Mr. Floyd holds a B.S., magna cum laude, from the Sybil C. Mobley School of Business at Florida A&M University.








 Copyright © 2017  HealthCare Royalty Partners | Disclaimer
Follow us:   












  SWCSHCR Quote - Swisscanto LU Bond Fund Secured High Yield - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Swisscanto LU Bond Fund Secured High Yield   SWCSHCR:LX          110.94CHF   0.03   0.03%     As of 12:59 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   103.70 - 111.26    1 Yr Return   6.98%    YTD Return   3.59%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   110.97    52Wk Range   103.70 - 111.26    1 Yr Return   6.37%    YTD Return   3.59%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   High Yield Bond    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/27/2017)   110.94    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/27/2017)   159.474    Inception Date   03/27/2015    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   ROLAND HAUSHEER / SUSANNE KUNDERT    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   0.60%    Expense Ratio   0.76%                     Profile   Swisscanto LU Bond Fund Secured HY is an open-end fund incorporated in Luxembourg. The objective of the Fund is to provide high current income generation and where appropriate, capital appreciation. The Fund will invest in a portfolio of senior secured fixed and floating rate Corporate Debt Instruments , focusing on North America and Europe and exclude CCC rated securities.    Address  Swisscanto Fondsleitung AGBahnhofstrasse 98001 Zuerich   Phone  Tel: +41 58 344 49 00   Website   www.swisscanto.ch              ﻿






























Todd Asset Management LLC Buys 1,713 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Emerson Electric Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Emerson Electric Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Bank of America Corporation (BAC) Position Held by United Fire Group Inc.
Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Stake Decreased by UBS Group AG
Genesee & Wyoming, Inc. (NYSE:GWR) Position Cut by Bank of America Corp DE
Aflac Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) Shares Bought by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd.
Canadian Apartment Properties REIT Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.11 (CAR)
Student Transportation Inc (STB) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.04
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Sells 3,922 Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX)
Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Holds Position in Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. (CFFN)
Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) is RKL Wealth Management LLC’s 8th Largest Position
Todd Asset Management LLC Buys 1,713 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)
Invesco Dynamic Credit Opportunities Fd (NYSE:VTA) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.44
ONE Gas (OGS) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.42
Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows
Norsat International (NYSE:NSAT) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.40
BroadSoft (NASDAQ:BSFT) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.40
$50.85 Million in Sales Expected for Hanmi Financial Corporation (HAFC) This Quarter
Financial Analysis: Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings (NYSE:CQH) vs. Dominion Midstream Partners, (DM)
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Maintains Position in Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX)
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Lowers Stake in Enable Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:ENBL)
Stillwater Mining Company (NYSE:SWC) Position Maintained by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky







Todd Asset Management LLC Buys 1,713 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments




Todd Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of  Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 6.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 28,395 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 1,713 shares during the period. Todd Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $1,700,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in shares of  Emerson Electric by 4.7% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 27,303 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,525,000 after buying an additional 1,230 shares in the last quarter.  GSB Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth $370,000.  Hanlon Investment Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth $2,877,000.  Miles Capital Inc. raised its position in shares of  Emerson Electric by 5.5% in the fourth quarter. Miles Capital Inc. now owns 18,169 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,013,000 after buying an additional 943 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, AE Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth $842,000. 68.88% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Emerson Electric Company alerts:



Shares of Emerson Electric Company (EMR) opened at 60.43 on Wednesday. Emerson Electric Company has a one year low of $49.22 and a one year high of $64.36. The firm has a market capitalization of $38.95 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.81 and a beta of 1.20. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $59.72 and a 200 day moving average price of $59.61. 





Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.58. Emerson Electric had a net margin of 8.72% and a return on equity of 23.37%. The business had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.49 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.57 EPS. Emerson Electric’s quarterly revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts expect that  Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Todd Asset Management LLC Buys 1,713 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)” was first  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/todd-asset-management-llc-buys-1713-shares-of-emerson-electric-company-nyseemr.html. 
A number of research analysts have weighed in on the company. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $68.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Wednesday, July 19th. Morgan Stanley  reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. JMP Securities assumed coverage on Emerson Electric in a research note on Monday, June 19th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $70.00 price target on the stock. BidaskClub raised Emerson Electric from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 16th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and three have issued  a buy rating to the company. The company  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $56.96.
Emerson Electric Company Profile
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EMR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR).







Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































NYS HOME Program (HOME)





























            Your browser does not support iFrames
        




Skip to Main Content


Navigation menu

Homes and Community Renewal

Rental Housing

 For Renters 
For Rental Owners & Managers
Office of Rent Administration
Rental Housing Forms
Tenant Protection Unit


Home Ownership

For Homebuyers - SONYMA
For Homebuyers - Alternatives
For Homeowners 
For Homeownership Professionals


Housing Partners

Funding RFPs and Awards
Multi-Family Projects
Developers
Not-for-Profit Organizations & Municipalities
 State Managed  Programs
HCR Sign Specifications


Doing Business With Us

HCR Procurement Opportunities
Procurement and Contract Information
Minority and Women-owned Business Enterprises Information


About Us 






Home Page > Programs > New York State HOME Program (HOME)

New York State HOME Program (HOME)



About the NYS HOME Program (HOME)
The New York State HOME Program is administered by the New York State Housing Trust Fund Corporation (HTFC). The program uses federal HOME Investment Partnership Program funds to expand the supply of decent, safe, and affordable housing within the State.
The HOME Program funds a variety of activities through partnerships with counties, towns, cities, villages, private developers, and community-based non-profit housing organizations. The program provides funds to acquire, rehabilitate, or construct housing, or to provide assistance to low-income home-buyers and renters. Funds must be distributed in accordance with needs and priorities identified in the State's Consolidated Plan.  Federal HOME Program regulations (24 CFR Part 92) set forth requirements for formula allocations, eligible activities, matching funds, qualifications as affordable housing, and compliance with other federal requirements. The regulations also establish special requirements for community housing development organizations (CHDOs). Project selection shall take into consideration the recommendation of the relevant regional economic development council or the Commissioner's determination that the proposed project aligns with the regional strategic priorities of the respective region.
Eligible Applicants
Any private for-profit or not-for-profit entity that can demonstrate the capacity to develop and operate a qualifying project is eligible to apply for HOME project funding. Units of general local government that have not been designated by HUD as participating jurisdictions and not-for-profit corporations that meet certain administrative tests may also apply as local program administrators. Jurisdictions which receive HOME program funding directly from the federal government may not apply for New York State HOME Program funds.
Eligible Areas
All areas of the State are eligible, subject to the funding limitations described below.
Income Eligibility
HOME Program funds may only be used to assist households with incomes at or below 80 percent of area median income. Rental projects must primarily serve households with incomes at or below 60 percent of area median income. Assisted rental units must remain affordable for a period of between five and 20 years, depending on the initial amount of subsidy provided for the project.
Funding Limitations
HOME Program funds may be used to pay for acquisition, rehabilitation, construction, and certain related soft costs. Funds may also be used for relocation costs, tenant-based rental assistance, down payment and closing costs, and some administrative and planning costs, subject to limitations set forth in the federal regulations. Funds may only be used for residential housing. There are restrictions on the use of HOME funds for properties assisted by certain other federal programs. Fifteen percent of each allocation of HOME Program funds is reserved for qualified community housing development organizations (CHDO) in accordance with federal law. Of the remaining funds, a minimum of 80 percent is reserved for projects that are not located in communities that have been designated by HUD as participating jurisdictions.


Program Information

NYS HOME Local Program Budget Policy
2014-15 Awardee Orientation Webinar - PDF version
Owner  Occupied Rehabilitation Workshop – PDF Version 
Homebuyer  Workshop – PDF Version 
NYSHCR – HOME Mandatory Homebuyer Presentation Video – April 2016
NYS HOME Local Program
    
    Homebuyer Recapture/Resale Provisions 
2013 HOME Rule Update Presentation with Notes by Monte Franke
Current Funding Opportunities - New
Capital Programs Manual - Section 2.05
HOME & CDBG Residential Antidisplacement & Relocation  Assistance Plan  
HOME Relocation and CDBG Appeal Process
Environmental Review Requirements and Materials for Local Program Administrators
Forms
HOME Local Program Administrators
HOME Local Program Administrator Projects Environmental Review
HOME Program Monitoring Guide for State Recipients and Subrecipients
HOME Program Rehabilitation Standards 

PDF version of HOME Program Rehabilitation Standards


Funding Awards

HOME information from HUD:

HOME Investment Partnerships Program




 





Homes and Community Renewal

Rental Housing

Opportunities to Apply for Affordable Rental Units
NYHousingSearch.gov
Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher
Tenant Protection Unit
Office of Rent Administration
Rent Stabilization/Control Forms & Information by Topic 



Home Ownership

SONYMA Products for First-Time Homebuyers
Information for SONYMA Participating Lenders
Foreclosure Prevention
Mitchell-Lama Housing
Current Interest Rates



Housing Partners

Funding Opportunities
Funding Awards
Capital Programs
Municipalities



Doing Business with Us

Forms and Applications
HCR Procurement Opportunities
Procurement and Contract Information
Economic Opportunity Corner



About Us

About the Agency
Contact Us
Freedom of Information Law (FOIL)
Our Agencies
Offices
Job Opportunities & Internships
Press Room
Public Meetings
HCR Weather-Related Closing Information




CONNECT WITH US






FACEBOOK





FLICKR





TWITTER






YOUTUBE
















            Your browser does not support iFrames
        



