


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Health Advance Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to acquire Product Formulations - MarketWatch

















































Bulletin






Investor Alert























press release


					Oct. 31, 2016, 9:01 a.m. EDT
				
Health Advance Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to acquire Product Formulations
























LAS VEGAS, NV, Oct 31, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) --
LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Oct 31, 2016) - Health Advance Inc. (the "Company") (otc pink:HADV) is pleased to announce it has entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent to acquire certain proprietary product formulations for the manufacturer of generic drugs from Patrick O'Charchin, a Canadian resident. The acquisition is subject to due diligence by Health Advance, and the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement. The agreement will be subject to certain conditions including the Company issuing shares of the Company in exchange for the formulations held by Mr. O'Charchin. The Company will analyze the value of the formulations and expects the due diligence period to last approximately 4-6 weeks.


                                        








The Company believes the Letter of Intent is the next phase of its growth and development. Upon completion of the Hantian transaction, the Company will utilize the strategic relationships formed by Hantian to develop, market and promote the formulations that will provide Health Advance with the greatest opportunities. 


                                        








The formulations are currently active in the following areas: (i) Central Nervous System Drugs such as anti-convulsants and anti-psychotics, (ii) Anti-Infection Drugs such as erythromycin opthalmic ointment, (iii) Topical Dermatology Drugs such as topical antibiotics, topical anti-fungals and anti-inflammatories, (iv) Hormonal Drugs such as steroidal drugs, and (v) Other Drugs such as ophthalmics.


                                        








Generic pharmaceuticals are bioequivalent (same ingredients) and therapeutic equivalent alternatives to brand name drugs that have lost the market exclusivity of patent protection. Generic drugs offer the same active chemical entity as trade name products, but differ inert substance formulations. Inert ingredients include binders, fillers, artificial colors, flavorings, etc. Since these substances may affect the bioavailability (performance) of the active ingredient, bioequivalence studies must be conducted by manufacturer's and submitted to the federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before new generic products are approved for sale. This file will show that the generic drug has the same ingredients in the same proportions as the brand product (known as bioequivalence) and performs the same as the brand product when taken (known as bioavailability). Once this submission file is reviewed by FDA and bioequivalence and bioavailability are confirmed, an approval for sale is granted and the drug may be marketed. All of the product formulations held by Mr. O'Charchin have bioequivalence studies completed which will result in considerable time savings and cost savings.


                                        








Certain statements in this document that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may be identified by the use of words such as "anticipate, "believe," "expect," "future," "may," "will," "would," "should," "plan," "projected," "intend," and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Health Advance Inc. to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company's future operating results are dependent upon many factors, including but not limited to: (i) the Company's ability to obtain sufficient capital or a strategic business arrangement to fund its current operational or expansion plans; (ii) the Company's ability to build and maintain the management and human resources and infrastructure necessary to support the anticipated growth of its business; (iii) competitive factors and developments beyond the Company's control; and (iv) other risk factors discussed in the Company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available for review at         www.sec.gov
 under "Search for Company Filings.


                                        








For more information, please contact:

Health Advance Inc.

Jordan Starkman 

CEO

        www.healthadvanceinc.com
 

1-800-854-7970


                                        








� 2016 Nasdaq, Inc.  All rights reserved.
                    



































Most Popular





1.





Market Extra

Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials






2.






All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart






3.





Market Snapshot

S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record






4.





MarketWatch First Take

Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’






5.





SectorWatch

Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




11:25 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

































































Advance Health :: About















































Client Login
Provider Login












HomeAboutAdvancing HealthcareOur ProvidersAdvanced TechnologyLeadership TeamNewsSolutionsAdvanced Member ManagementAdvanced SolutionsReadmissions Prevention ProgramsCare ManagementContactCareersResources  



 


 





Advancing Healthcare
Advance Health provides industry leading managed care prospective health solutions. Our combination of proprietary mobile workflow technology and highly experienced, dedicated care providers yields outstanding program results and better outcomes for our clients and their health plan members.
We offer truly customized prospective member engagement solutions tailored for each of our clients' unique needs. Advance Health was created to leverage best-in-class technology for greater efficiency, data security and automation. We also want to bring better health care to managed care members by engaging them when and where they are most comfortable, using the best available member specific information and workflow technology. 
 








Our Providers
One of the most important aspects of our member engagement programs is our Nurse Practitioners. Their professional support helps members feel more comfortable and find value in the programs designed to advance their care. Our model recognizes that importance and is unique in several ways. First, we collaborate with each plan to identify specific needs, Then, we select NPs who have the experience and expertise to meet those needs.
Each NP is client based and 99% of our network is local NPs. We believe this model best serves our clients and their members because the NPs are part of the fabric of each community. They know the area, the providers and social services and can collaborate with them more efficiently than non-local providers who are typically outsourced and travel extensively.
We utilize a rigorous credentialing verification protocol to ensure the highest standards in care. Our NPs are required to hold national certification (AANP/ANCC) in Family, Adult, or Geriatric care. 
 
Karen Bolton RN, MS, FNP-C
Texas7+ years of experience 
Tara Lichty-Morton
Iowa and Nebraska20+ years of experience 
Karen Lamberton
Tennessee30+ years of experience 
Marcia Streiff
Kansas14+ years of experience 
Dana Lynch 
Iowa and Nebraska11+ years of experience 
Ryane Riddle
Missouri11+ years of experience 
Amber Riley
Indiana3+ years of experience  
Ming Chao       
Texas 7+ years of experience 
Samantha Collinson
Missouri9+ years of experience  

ADVANCED TRAINING
Our NPs are trained, managed and supported by fellow clinicians with many years of experience. In fact, our network of NPs averages over nine years of experience caring for vulnerable populations and coordinating care in community-based settings. Our rigorous program includes ongoing training and testing in CMS compliant documentation, customer service, elder care, client-specific HRA protocol, and screening/diagnostic procedures. 
Ryane Riddle 
Missouri 11+ years of experience







Advanced Technology
Advance Health is leading the industry as the first company to completely capture assessments electronically through our proprietary iOS iPad and HTML5 applications. While others are still attempting to incorporate electronic capture or are in the infancy of their programs, Advance Health has already moved on to the next generation.
Our HTML5 application provides client level customization with built-in intelligence that triggers questions based on data input from a member’s response or exam results and provides customized recommendations and care plans specifically for that member.
In addition, with our Validate, Confirm, Delete technology, NPs are forced to address conditions identified during previous assessments and via claims data. NPs must verify the condition with documentation, delete the condition as resolved (or no longer present), or provide detail required for network providers to follow-up to validate conditions.
Our solution is the fastest in the industry, providing submission, coding and compliance for health plans and providers to help eliminate gaps in member engagement / care.
  
The Advance Health technology advantage:

Validate, Confirm, Delete Technology
Client level customization
Fastest time for submission, coding and compliance
Response triggered questions and care plans
Scheduling and call center sophistication to improve program results
 
 
Our advanced technology solutions also extend throughout our scheduling and call center operations. Using the most sophisticated software, we are able to maximize an NP’s productivity without having to sacrifice quality. This ensures more members are engaged to complete each plan’s goals. 








Leadership Team
The team at Advance Health has designed and implemented member engagement strategies for some of the country’s largest and most successful payers and risk management vendors. In addition, our Board of Directors provides sound guidance as early innovators in managed care, serving at the helm of national health plans representing over $5B in revenues. Members of the Advance Health leadership team are active in the healthcare community, promoting innovative ways to improve quality of care and dedicated to the long term success of our clients and the managed care industry. 


 

Brian J. Wise, J.D. - Chief Executive Officer
Brian Wise is a seasoned managed care executive with extensive experience in government programs. Prior to founding Advance Health, Brian was the Chief Operating Officer of Amerigroup’s Virginia health plan overseeing a $120M business unit.  Brian led provider relations, product development, compliance and appeals for Coventry Health Care of Nebraska successfully launching Medicare Advantage and Commercial expansions during his tenure.  He also served as in-house counsel for Coventry Health Care in the corporate headquarters. Brian served as an associate at Epstein Becker & Green, one of the preeminent health care law firms in the country, and continues to advise health care investors and startups.   Mr. Wise received his J.D. from the University of Virginia and undergraduate degrees in History and Political Science from Duke University.Marc L. Wise - President
Marc Wise has over 20 years of experience building business service organizations in the health care space. Before joining Advance Health, Marc served as Senior Vice President of Business Development at Verisk Health. He came to Verisk Health as part of their acquisition of Health Risk Partners, a company focused on risk adjustment services and revenue optimization solutions in the Medicare and Medicaid markets. During his five years with HRP, Marc helped grow revenues by more than 100 times.  Prior to HRP & Verisk Health, Marc served as Chief Operating Officer for FedMed, Inc., a provider of network whitespace outsourcing based in Rockville, MD; Senior Vice President for NCO Group, Inc., a global business process outsource solutions company; and DiMark, Inc, a preeminent health care and insurance direct marketing company. Marc holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from Delaware Valley College.Catherine L. Wisner, PhD, FNP-BC - Chief Clinical Officer
Cathy Wisner is a Certified Family Nurse Practitioner with a PhD in Health Services Research, Policy and Administration.  She received her MS in Nursing from Vanderbilt University and her PhD from the University of Minnesota.  Prior to joining Advance Health, Dr. Wisner served as the Chief of Clinical Operations for Health Right, Inc. and Director of Quality Management for Amerigroup.  Cathy was formerly the Senior Health Fellow in the Office of the US Surgeon General, and served as Vice President of Operations and Clinical Quality for MinuteClinic, Inc.;  helping it grow from a small regional company to a major division of CVS/CareMark with over 500 NPs under management.   Dr. Wisner is well versed in healthcare policy, and has authored several publications in peer-reviewed journals.Kevin J. Kearns, MD - Chief Medical Officer
Kevin Kearns, M.D. is a Board Certified Internist with a diverse background in medical management, clinical practice, managed care and academic medicine.  Prior to joining Advance Health, Dr. Kearns served as Corporate Vice President and Senior Medical Director at Universal American, where he developed and implemented medical management strategies to enhance the Healthy Collaboration Model for the Medicare Advantage membership. Previously, Dr. Kearns held senior positions at UPMC Health Plan and Coventry Health Care of Delaware.   Dr. Kearns received his undergraduate degree in Biology from St. Joseph University and completed medical school at the Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine. Dr. Kearns completed his internship in Internal Medicine at the University of Maryland and his residency at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital.David Pierre - Chief Operating Officer
David Pierre is an experienced healthcare and information technology executive responsible for complete delivery of Advance Health’s business operations.  Prior to joining Advance Health in 2016, David was Vice President at Cerner Corporation, responsible for Pediatrics.  David co-founded and led the Bear Institute for Health Innovation in Washington DC at Children’s National, the first pediatric healthcare technology institute in the world.  During his 10 years at Cerner, he led an increasing number of Cerner’s business units including full P&L responsibilities for the Hospital Operations unit.  He was responsible for launching five new solutions into the marketplace for Cerner focused on optimizing efficiency for providers and improving quality of care.  In addition, David acquired, integrated, and led Clairvia, a world leader of healthcare resource management solutions.  David holds a bachelor’s degree with honors in psychology from Southern Methodist University and an MBA in finance and strategic management from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.Alicia Palmer - General Counsel
Alicia Palmer is a licensed attorney with more than 20 years of experience of providing legal counsel to health care companies.  Prior to joining Advance Health, Ms. Palmer served as Aetna’s VP and Chief Medicare Counsel, where she led a team of attorneys and legal professionals that were responsible for providing legal counsel to all of Aetna’s Medicare business.  Prior to joining Aetna, Ms. Palmer was a Vice President and Senior Attorney at Coventry Health Care, Inc. for 11 years.  Alicia served as an associate at Crowell & Moring and Michaels & Bonner, and started her legal career as an associate general counsel for Blue Cross and Blue Shield of the National Capital Area.  In addition to her significant Medicare Advantage experience, Ms. Palmer has counseled clients throughout her twenty years of legal practice on various government programs, pharmacy and pharmaceutical business, and federal and state health care laws.  Ms. Palmer received her Bachelor of Science degree in Human Resource Management from Indiana University of Pennsylvania and her Juris Doctor degree from the American University, Washington College of Law.Mete Sahin - Chief Financial Officer
Mete Sahin has an extensive career leading healthcare companies, focusing on financial operations. Prior to Advance Health, Mr. Sahin  was a consultant with ACMM Consulting, LLC beginning in 2013 and prior to that, he served as the  CFO of XLHealth, Medicare Advantage health plans from 2007 through 2013. During this period, XLHealth grew from $600 million to $3 billion in Revenues, and demonstrated a significant turnaround in earnings.  XLHealth was acquired by UnitedHealth Group in 2012. Between 2001 and 2005, Mr. Sahin was the CFO of UnitedHealth Group's dental and vision companies, as well as CFO of its national Medicaid health plans. In his role, he was a key executive directing the the reorganization of UnitedHealth's Medicaid business and merger of its Dental and Vision companies. Prior to joining UnitedHealth Group through a merger,  Mr. Sahin was the VP Finance/Controller of Lifemark. He earned his Masters degree from University of Surrey in England, and Bachelors degree from University of Southern California in Los Angeles. 














 
 
Brian J. Wise, J.D. - Chief Executive Officer
Brian Wise is a seasoned managed care executive with extensive experience in government programs. Prior to founding Advance Health, Brian was the Chief Operating Officer of Amerigroup’s Virginia health plan overseeing a $120M business unit.  Brian led provider relations, product development, compliance and appeals for Coventry Health Care of Nebraska successfully launching Medicare Advantage and Commercial expansions during his tenure.  He also served as in-house counsel for Coventry Health Care in the corporate headquarters. Brian served as an associate at Epstein Becker & Green, one of the preeminent health care law firms in the country, and continues to advise health care investors and startups.   Mr. Wise received his J.D. from the University of Virginia and undergraduate degrees in History and Political Science from Duke University. 
 
Marc L. Wise - President
Marc Wise has over 20 years of experience building business service organizations in the health care space. Before joining Advance Health, Marc served as Senior Vice President of Business Development at Verisk Health. He came to Verisk Health as part of their acquisition of Health Risk Partners, a company focused on risk adjustment services and revenue optimization solutions in the Medicare and Medicaid markets. During his five years with HRP, Marc helped grow revenues by more than 100 times.  Prior to HRP & Verisk Health, Marc served as Chief Operating Officer for FedMed, Inc., a provider of network whitespace outsourcing based in Rockville, MD; Senior Vice President for NCO Group, Inc., a global business process outsource solutions company; and DiMark, Inc, a preeminent health care and insurance direct marketing company. Marc holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from Delaware Valley College. 
 
Catherine L. Wisner, PhD, FNP-BC - Chief Clinical Officer
Cathy Wisner is a Certified Family Nurse Practitioner with a PhD in Health Services Research, Policy and Administration.  She received her MS in Nursing from Vanderbilt University and her PhD from the University of Minnesota.  Prior to joining Advance Health, Dr. Wisner served as the Chief of Clinical Operations for Health Right, Inc. and Director of Quality Management for Amerigroup.  Cathy was formerly the Senior Health Fellow in the Office of the US Surgeon General, and served as Vice President of Operations and Clinical Quality for MinuteClinic, Inc.;  helping it grow from a small regional company to a major division of CVS/CareMark with over 500 NPs under management.   Dr. Wisner is well versed in healthcare policy, and has authored several publications in peer-reviewed journals. 
 
Kevin J. Kearns, MD - Chief Medical Officer
Kevin Kearns, M.D. is a Board Certified Internist with a diverse background in medical management, clinical practice, managed care and academic medicine.  Prior to joining Advance Health, Dr. Kearns served as Corporate Vice President and Senior Medical Director at Universal American, where he developed and implemented medical management strategies to enhance the Healthy Collaboration Model for the Medicare Advantage membership. Previously, Dr. Kearns held senior positions at UPMC Health Plan and Coventry Health Care of Delaware.   Dr. Kearns received his undergraduate degree in Biology from St. Joseph University and completed medical school at the Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine. Dr. Kearns completed his internship in Internal Medicine at the University of Maryland and his residency at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital. 
 
Mete J. Sahin - Chief Financial Officer
Mete Sahin has an extensive career leading healthcare companies, focusing on financial operations. Prior to Advance Health, Mr. Sahin  was a consultant with ACMM Consulting, LLC beginning in 2013 and prior to that, he served as the  CFO of XLHealth, Medicare Advantage health plans from 2007 through 2013. During this period, XLHealth grew from $600 million to $3 billion in Revenues, and demonstrated a significant turnaround in earnings.  XLHealth was acquired by UnitedHealth Group in 2012. Between 2001 and 2005, Mr. Sahin was the CFO of UnitedHealth Group's dental and vision companies, as well as CFO of its national Medicaid health plans. In his role, he was a key executive directing the the reorganization of UnitedHealth's Medicaid business and merger of its Dental and Vision companies. Prior to joining UnitedHealth Group through a merger,  Mr. Sahin was the VP Finance/Controller of Lifemark. He earned his Masters degree from University of Surrey in England, and Bachelors degree from University of Southern California in Los Angeles. 
Alicia Palmer - General Counsel
Alicia Palmer is a licensed attorney with more than 20 years of experience of providing legal counsel to health care companies.  Prior to joining Advance Health, Ms. Palmer served as Aetna’s VP and Chief Medicare Counsel, where she led a team of attorneys and legal professionals that were responsible for providing legal counsel to all of Aetna’s Medicare business.  Prior to joining Aetna, Ms. Palmer was a Vice President and Senior Attorney at Coventry Health Care, Inc. for 11 years.  Alicia served as an associate at Crowell & Moring and Michaels & Bonner, and started her legal career as an associate general counsel for Blue Cross and Blue Shield of the National Capital Area.  In addition to her significant Medicare Advantage experience, Ms. Palmer has counseled clients throughout her twenty years of legal practice on various government programs, pharmacy and pharmaceutical business, and federal and state health care laws.  Ms. Palmer received her Bachelor of Science degree in Human Resource Management from Indiana University of Pennsylvania and her Juris Doctor degree from the American University, Washington College of Law.David Pierre - Chief Operating Officer
David Pierre is an experienced healthcare and information technology executive responsible for complete delivery of Advance Health’s business operations.  Prior to joining Advance Health in 2016, David was Vice President at Cerner Corporation, responsible for Pediatrics.  David co-founded and led the Bear Institute for Health Innovation in Washington DC at Children’s National, the first pediatric healthcare technology institute in the world.  During his 10 years at Cerner, he led an increasing number of Cerner’s business units including full P&L responsibilities for the Hospital Operations unit.  He was responsible for launching five new solutions into the marketplace for Cerner focused on optimizing efficiency for providers and improving quality of care.  In addition, David acquired, integrated, and led Clairvia, a world leader of healthcare resource management solutions.  David holds a bachelor’s degree with honors in psychology from Southern Methodist University and an MBA in finance and strategic management from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.







Compliance
Our solutions are built around compliance and all steps are taken to ensure publicly funded payors receive accurate, compliant revenue. Advance Health knows the vulnerabilities and utilizes enterprise management software to clock, measure and report on our assessment activities. We know the exact amount of time spent on each section of an assessment, where it was performed and 100% of our assessments go through a rigorous Quality Assurance process. 
The Advantage of 100% electronic capture:

We know our assessments average 68 minutes because we can track time spent on every section
Our software tracks where each assessment takes place
When time spent on an assessment section or the whole assessment falls below certain thresholds, the assessment is flagged for additional follow up
 
 








 
Let us know how we can help
We welcome your inquiries and look forward to supporting your care management, quality improvement, and risk-based reimbursement initiatives.







  








Health Advance Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to acquire Product Formulations | NewMediaWire





























































LOGIN
                                        


CONTACT US
                                        










DISTRIBUTIONS


Distributions Overview


US News Distributions


International Distribution


Custom Industry Packages


Targeted Media & Influencers


Photo Distributions


Disclosure/Regulatory Filings





SOLUTIONS


Solutions Overview


IR Newsroom


PR Newsroom


Media Database


Social Media Hub





NEWS CENTER




GET STARTED




































LOGIN
                                                    


CONTACT US
                                                    










DISTRIBUTIONS


Distributions Overview


US News Distributions


International Distribution


Custom Industry Packages


Targeted Media & Influencers


Photo Distributions


Disclosure/Regulatory Filings





SOLUTIONS


Solutions Overview


IR Newsroom


PR Newsroom


Media Database


Social Media Hub





NEWS CENTER




GET STARTED














NEWS CENTER






Health Advance Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to acquire Product Formulations



LAS VEGAS, NV - (NewMediaWire) - October 31, 2016 - Health Advance Inc. (the "Company") (OTC PINK: HADV) is pleased to announce it has entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent to acquire certain proprietary product formulations for the manufacturer of generic drugs from Patrick O'Charchin, a Canadian resident. The acquisition is subject to due diligence by Health Advance, and the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement. The agreement will be subject to certain conditions including the Company issuing shares of the Company in exchange for the formulations held by Mr. O'Charchin. The Company will analyze the value of the formulations and expects the due diligence period to last approximately 4-6 weeks.The Company believes the Letter of Intent is the next phase of its growth and development. Upon completion of the Hantian transaction, the Company will utilize the strategic relationships formed by Hantian to develop, market and promote the formulations that will provide Health Advance with the greatest opportunities. The formulations are currently active in the following areas: (i) Central Nervous System Drugs such as anti-convulsants and anti-psychotics, (ii) Anti-Infection Drugs such as erythromycin opthalmic ointment, (iii) Topical Dermatology Drugs such as topical antibiotics, topical anti-fungals and anti-inflammatories, (iv) Hormonal Drugs such as steroidal drugs, and (v) Other Drugs such as ophthalmics.Generic pharmaceuticals are bioequivalent (same ingredients) and therapeutic equivalent alternatives to brand name drugs that have lost the market exclusivity of patent protection. Generic drugs offer the same active chemical entity as trade name products, but differ inert substance formulations. Inert ingredients include binders, fillers, artificial colors, flavorings, etc. Since these substances may affect the bioavailability (performance) of the active ingredient, bioequivalence studies must be conducted by manufacturer's and submitted to the federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before new generic products are approved for sale. This file will show that the generic drug has the same ingredients in the same proportions as the brand product (known as bioequivalence) and performs the same as the brand product when taken (known as bioavailability). Once this submission file is reviewed by FDA and bioequivalence and bioavailability are confirmed, an approval for sale is granted and the drug may be marketed. All of the product formulations held by Mr. O'Charchin have bioequivalence studies completed which will result in considerable time savings and cost savings.Certain statements in this document that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may be identified by the use of words such as "anticipate, "believe," "expect," "future," "may," "will," "would," "should," "plan," "projected," "intend," and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Health Advance Inc. to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company's future operating results are dependent upon many factors, including but not limited to: (i) the Company's ability to obtain sufficient capital or a strategic business arrangement to fund its current operational or expansion plans; (ii) the Company's ability to build and maintain the management and human resources and infrastructure necessary to support the anticipated growth of its business; (iii) competitive factors and developments beyond the Company's control; and (iv) other risk factors discussed in the Company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available for review at www.sec.gov under "Search for Company Filings.CONTACT INFORMATIONFor more information, please contact:Health Advance Inc.Jordan Starkman CEOwww.healthadvanceinc.com1-800-854-7970























Search





HOME




DISTRIBUTIONS  


Distributions Overview


US News Distributions


International Distribution


Custom Industry Packages


Targeted Media & Influencers


Photo Distributions


Disclosure/Regulatory Filings


SOLUTIONS  


Solutions Overview


IR Newsroom


PR Newsroom


Media Database


Social Media Hub


NEWS CENTER






ABOUT US
                            


CONTACT US
                            





GET STARTED









 




Advanced Health Products :: Home




















Call us to place your order and for more information on becoming a distributor for our products.
1-800-451-2290 

Sign In  or  Register

 

HomeAbout UsProductsSpecialsContact Us 
 
 
 


ProductsDrinkCocoaShake/PuddingSmoothieGelatinCappuccinoSoupTeaPro-To-GoShaker Cups
Advanced Health Products
Your source for high-quality wholesale protein powders.   For over 15 years, Advanced Health Products Inc. has supplied the weight loss community with a variety of delicious and nutritious products. Here you will discover 9 categories of protein supplements in over 20 flavors all formulated, blended and packaged in our West Chicago, IL, FDA approved facility.
Exceeding Expectations: At Advanced Health Products Inc. we work hard to supply our customers with an extensive variety of high quality nutritional products and weight loss products. Our products are available to the wholesale community with volume discounts and can be shipped anywhere in the world. Shipping in the U.S.A is free! At Advanced Health Products Inc. you can expect to receive the best flavor profile in today's weight loss marketplace. All Advanced Health supplements contain 15 grams of high quality protein and many 21 essential vitamins and minerals. Please contact us for samples and additional information.
Resources
www.webmd.com www.ift.org www.eatright.org www.deliciouslivingmag.com www.wellnessletter.com www.emedicinehealth.com

Site Search





 

 


HomeAbout UsProductsSpecialsContact Us
 Advanced Health Products Copyright 2017


 




About Us | Advance Health Products








































HOME


LOGIN





















Skip to content
Home
About Us
Articles
Contact Us
Videos
 












Search for:




























  Co Enzyme Q10

Free Radicals & Antioxidants

Good Health & Wellbeing

Nutrients

Vitamins & Minerals












About Us



AdvanceHealthProducts.com Premium Q10 by Paul O’Neill is a fully Australian owned and operated company, Advance Health Products (Aust) Pty Ltd and operates from Gisborne, 3437. Victoria, AUSTRALIA.
Advance Health Products mission is to be the No 1. provider of the highest quality premium range of organic products, relating to the most important aspects of your life, your health.
Your health and satisfaction with our website are importance to us!
We are constantly improving and changing our website to be the Number 1 choice when purchasing quality premium health products. An important element of that is to make information available, that may help you make improvements to you and your family’s health. So please, visit our contact page for more information on our products and services.
Opening Hours
Our Website is available 24/7 for your convenient. So whenever you have the need to purchase  your essential premium quality health products, we are open for your service.
Payments that we accept
For all customers the following credit cards; Visa, MasterCard are accepted via our Eway Payment platform or your Paypal account. If you don’t have a Paypal account then it is quick and easy to set-up your free account in just a few short minutes.
Delivery
For all delivery information, please go to our Delivery page.
Shopping cart
To add any item to your shopping cart, just click on the “Add to Cart” button displayed below the product. If you happen to change your mind as you shop, you can always remove an item during the checkout process.
If you wish to change the quantity of any item(s) in your shopping cart, just type the new quantity in the quantity field for that product and click on “Update Shopping Cart” button. You must click the “Update Shopping Cart” to ensure your updated quantity is saved.
Discount Structure
To help our customers save on their purchases, shipping and handling costs, we offer a generous discount structure that saves you more the more you purchase”  See below for details:
1 – 4 bottles – 0 discount,
5 – 7 bottles – 5% discount,
8 – 15 bottles – 10% discount,
16 + bottles – 15% discount.
When you have confirmed your purchase quantity you then need to obtain a quotation for the shipping charges for your purchase. Simply enter your Country, State/Province and Zip/Postal Code as requested, then click on the “Get a Quote” button. When you receive your Shipping Charges Quote, click on the “Update Total” button. Your Shopping Cart is now complete.
When you have finished shopping and have placed all your items in your shopping cart, click on “Proceed to checkout” to send us your order. You’ll then be prompted to enter your email and a password, billing and shipping addresses and payment option. We’ll receive your order immediately and will send you a confirmation email.
Subscriptions and Membership to our Newsletter
Subscriptions are welcome to join our membership list and subscribe to our periodic newsletter.
Currency
All prices listed are in Australian dollars AUD. When you pay by credit card, the credit card company will calculate the exchange rate and include it in your monthly statement.



 


Comments are closed.






Search for:



  Recent Posts 
Herbal Weight Loss Tea – Easy Slimming Solution
Herbal Weight Loss Remedies – Options And Goals
Learn About The Three Major Nutrients For An Effective Diet Weight Loss Plan
Things To Remember About A Fast Weight Loss Plan
Weight Loss Plan For Women

Recent CommentsWeird Diet Tricks That Really Work - Anxiety Tips : Anxiety Tips on Learn About The Three Major Nutrients For An Effective Diet Weight Loss PlanWhat are the Different Uses of Advanced Health Products? | The Best Carpet Cleaning on CoQ10 for Better Immunity During TravelWeird Diet Tricks That Really Work | Ace Duck on Learn About The Three Major Nutrients For An Effective Diet Weight Loss Planchaussure nike tn on VideosHearty Benefits Of Coenzyme Q10 | Scarlet Vulture Health & Fitness on CoQ10 — The Ubiquitous NutrientArchives 
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
September 2011
August 2011
July 2011
April 2011

Categories 
Co Enzyme Q10

Free Radicals & Antioxidants

Good Health & Wellbeing

Nutrients

Vitamins & Minerals


Meta 
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org

 
Premium Q10Promote your Page too










					Advance Health Products				



					Proudly powered by WIMI.				










Sign up for the Free eBook


Name: 

Email: 








Close 
Sign up for the Free eBook
"Sign up for the Free eBook - The Co-Enzyme Q10 Story"


Name: 

Email: 





















Health Advance Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to acquire Product Formulations




























      Questions? +1 800-883-2055
      

Set Up FREE Account
Submit Release

















        Why Us
        




        Press Releases
        



Services


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution


Resources

Contact









Contact





Resources

Contact





World Media Directory
    ·
    
RSS
    ·
    
Email Newsletters


    There were 409 press releases posted in the last 24 hours and 170,902 in the last 365 days.
  









Health Advance Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to acquire Product Formulations


/EINPresswire.com/ -- LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Oct 31, 2016) - Health Advance Inc. (the "Company") (OTC PINK: HADV) is pleased to announce it has entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent to acquire certain proprietary product formulations for the manufacturer of generic drugs from Patrick O'Charchin, a Canadian resident. The acquisition is subject to due diligence by Health Advance, and the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement. The agreement will be subject to certain conditions including the Company issuing shares of the Company in exchange for the formulations held by Mr. O'Charchin. The Company will analyze the value of the formulations and expects the due diligence period to last approximately 4-6 weeks.
The Company believes the Letter of Intent is the next phase of its growth and development. Upon completion of the Hantian transaction, the Company will utilize the strategic relationships formed by Hantian to develop, market and promote the formulations that will provide Health Advance with the greatest opportunities. 
The formulations are currently active in the following areas: (i) Central Nervous System Drugs such as anti-convulsants and anti-psychotics, (ii) Anti-Infection Drugs such as erythromycin opthalmic ointment, (iii) Topical Dermatology Drugs such as topical antibiotics, topical anti-fungals and anti-inflammatories, (iv) Hormonal Drugs such as steroidal drugs, and (v) Other Drugs such as ophthalmics.
Generic pharmaceuticals are bioequivalent (same ingredients) and therapeutic equivalent alternatives to brand name drugs that have lost the market exclusivity of patent protection. Generic drugs offer the same active chemical entity as trade name products, but differ inert substance formulations. Inert ingredients include binders, fillers, artificial colors, flavorings, etc. Since these substances may affect the bioavailability (performance) of the active ingredient, bioequivalence studies must be conducted by manufacturer's and submitted to the federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before new generic products are approved for sale. This file will show that the generic drug has the same ingredients in the same proportions as the brand product (known as bioequivalence) and performs the same as the brand product when taken (known as bioavailability). Once this submission file is reviewed by FDA and bioequivalence and bioavailability are confirmed, an approval for sale is granted and the drug may be marketed. All of the product formulations held by Mr. O'Charchin have bioequivalence studies completed which will result in considerable time savings and cost savings.
Certain statements in this document that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may be identified by the use of words such as "anticipate, "believe," "expect," "future," "may," "will," "would," "should," "plan," "projected," "intend," and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Health Advance Inc. to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company's future operating results are dependent upon many factors, including but not limited to: (i) the Company's ability to obtain sufficient capital or a strategic business arrangement to fund its current operational or expansion plans; (ii) the Company's ability to build and maintain the management and human resources and infrastructure necessary to support the anticipated growth of its business; (iii) competitive factors and developments beyond the Company's control; and (iv) other risk factors discussed in the Company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available for review at www.sec.gov under "Search for Company Filings.



For more information, please contact:
Health Advance Inc.
Jordan Starkman 
CEOwww.healthadvanceinc.com 
1-800-854-7970






  Share on
  
  Facebook
  ·
  
  Twitter
  ·
  
  LinkedIn
  ·
  
  Google+



      Distribution channels:
      Consumer Goods, Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals, Insurance





  Share This Story




  Facebook

  Twitter

  LinkedIn

  Google+


    Print
  



  More From This Source



LEXMARK INTERNATIONAL SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK & FOTI, LLC REMINDS INVESTORS ...


One World Minerals Inc. Announces Closing of Option to Acquire Up to 90% Interest in Salar del Diablo Property


DragonWave Announces Receipt of Application to Appoint Receiver and TSX Delisting Review

View All Stories From This Source


Submit Release





































EIN Presswire


Follow @EINPresswire






Back to top





Quick Links:


Submit Releases


Login


Set Up FREE Account


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution




Resources:


RSS


Email Newsletters


World Media Directory


EIN Newsdesk


NewsPlugin






Press Releases:


All Press Releases


Featured Press Releases


Search Press Releases


Browse by Date




Featured Clients:


WiseGuyReports.com


Marketwired


IT Governance






Help & Information Center:


Why Us?


About EIN Presswire


Helpful Tips


Video Tutorial


Client Testimonials


Blog


Services



Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release





User Agreement


Privacy Policy

Contact













EIN News Home

About EIN News

                  Founded in 1995, EIN News is an international leader in real-time news tracking and digital information services. Our systems continuously scan the web, indexing news from thousands of worldwide sources. The data is then filtered and organized into news streams. The process is supervised by a team of professional news editors.
                

                  We are news professionals and technologists dedicated to producing the fastest and most comprehensive news streams on the planet. We are committed to providing our members with the highest quality software tools and resources available.
                

EIN News
                  is a division of
                  Internet Product Development Group Inc.

                  To reach us send an
                  email
                  or call +1 202-540-8337 or +1 800-883-2055.
                



EIN Presswire


Events & Conferences


Newsfeed Maker


Inbox Robot


IPD Group



EIN Twitter



EIN Facebook






© 1995-2017 IPD Group, Inc. dba EIN Presswire | EIN News. All Right Reserved.
  |
  User Agreement
  |
  Privacy Policy
  |
  Contact






Why Us


Testimonials - Client Reviews


Blog posts


Video Tutorials






Browse All Releases


Browse Featured Release


Browse By Topic


Browse by Date






Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release






Press Release Distribution


Media Monitoring






Distribution Overview


World Media Directory


U.S. TV-Radio


Microwires


Newsdesk


NewsPlugin
















 

Health Advance, Inc. (OTC Pink: HADV) Rallies 23% Over Past Two Trading Sessions, After Acquiring Product Formulations - EmergingGrowth.com















































































 


































 








Home
Emerging Growth News

Cannabis
Commodities
Entertainment & Retail
Food and Beverage
Med, Biotech & Pharma
Technology


Video
In Play
Caveat Emptor Status Changes
 


 








Search Emerging Growth









Symbol for Quotes & Data


















                Friday, July 28, 2017
            

Contact Us / Subscribe




































EmergingGrowth.com









 















Home
Emerging Growth News

AllCannabisCommoditiesEntertainment & RetailFood and BeverageMed, Biotech & PharmaTechnology


 Emerging Growth News 

EmergingGrowth.com Daily Dozen – Winners vs. Losers 




 Commodities 

Dundee Precious Metals, Inc. (OTC Pink: DPMLF) Rallies 10.90% After Reporting… 




 Commodities 

Liberty One Lithium Corp. (OTCQB: LRTTF) Gains 5% After Naming Brad… 




 Med, Biotech & Pharma 

On The Move Systems Corp. (OTC Pink: OMVS) Dropped 10.82% After… 

 


Video




 Emerging Growth News 

How Jim Cramer used the stock market to pay for Harvard… 




 Technology 

Friendable (OTC Pink: FDBL) App Featured in Platinum Recording Artist Daya’s… 




 Technology 

Friendable’s (OTC Pink: FDBL) App Feature in Fifth Harmony / Fetty… 




 Technology 

Friendable’s (OTC Pink: FDBL) App Featured In Redfoo’s Virtual Reality Music Video… 




 Video 

President Ronald Reagan Speaks to the American People to Announce that… 

 


In Play




 Entertainment & Retail 

Halitron, Inc. (OTC Pink: HAON) Broadens its Target Acquisitions to Include… 




 Entertainment & Retail 

Flitways Technology, Inc. (OTC Pink: FTWS) The Perfect Acquisition Candidate for… 




 Entertainment & Retail 

FlitWays Technology, Inc. (OTC Pink: FTWS)  230% Increase in Sales… 




 Entertainment & Retail 

Friendable, Inc. (OTC Pink: FDBL), Just Got a Whole Lot Better 




 Commodities 

Premier Holding Corporation (OTCQB: PRHL) Board Member Woodrow W. Clark Re-Appointed… 

 


Caveat Emptor Status Changes




















- Or -








 




Home  Emerging Growth News  Med, Biotech & Pharma  Health Advance, Inc. (OTC Pink: HADV) Rallies 23% Over Past Two Trading...


Emerging Growth NewsMed, Biotech & Pharma Health Advance, Inc. (OTC Pink: HADV) Rallies 23% Over Past Two Trading Sessions, After Acquiring Product Formulations

November 2, 2016 










Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter



tweet 

Health Advance, Inc. (OTC Pink: HADV) is engaged in the sale and operation of a web-based medical products business. Shares of the health retailer are up 23% over the past two trading sessions; including today’s rally of 11.50% through early trading on Wednesday, November 2, 2016. Over the past three months, Health Advance, Inc. has seen average daily volume of 287,251 shares, over the past three months. However, the company is seeing volume of nearly 94,500 shares or dollar volume of $211,462, through early trading on Wednesday.
Shares of Health Advance, Inc. has been sustaining an impressive rally over the past two trading sessions, after the company announced it has entered into a letter of intent for the acquisitions of “proprietary product formulations” for generic drugs. The acquisition agreement is non-binding and is said to be involving a Canadian citizen, Patrick O’ Charchin. Health Advance, Inc. will now conduct due diligence on the formulations over the next 4-6 weeks. Here is the complete press release detailing of the acquisition:
Health Advance, Inc. Press Release:
LAS VEGAS, NV–(Marketwired – Oct 31, 2016) – Health Advance, Inc. (the “Company”) ( OTC PINK : HADV ) is pleased to announce it has entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent to acquire certain proprietary product formulations for the manufacturer of generic drugs from Patrick O’Charchin, a Canadian resident. The acquisition is subject to due diligence by Health Advance, and the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement. The agreement will be subject to certain conditions including the Company issuing shares of the Company in exchange for the formulations held by Mr. O’Charchin. The Company will analyze the value of the formulations and expects the due diligence period to last approximately 4-6 weeks.
The Company believes the Letter of Intent is the next phase of its growth and development. Upon completion of the Hantian transaction, the Company will utilize the strategic relationships formed by Hantian to develop, market and promote the formulations that will provide Health Advance with the greatest opportunities.
The formulations are currently active in the following areas: (i) Central Nervous System Drugs such as anti-convulsants and anti-psychotics, (ii) Anti-Infection Drugs such as erythromycin opthalmic ointment, (iii) Topical Dermatology Drugs such as topical antibiotics, topical anti-fungals and anti-inflammatories, (iv) Hormonal Drugs such as steroidal drugs, and (v) Other Drugs such as ophthalmics.
Generic pharmaceuticals are bioequivalent (same ingredients) and therapeutic equivalent alternatives to brand name drugs that have lost the market exclusivity of patent protection. Generic drugs offer the same active chemical entity as trade name products, but differ inert substance formulations. Inert ingredients include binders, fillers, artificial colors, flavorings, etc. Since these substances may affect the bioavailability (performance) of the active ingredient, bioequivalence studies must be conducted by manufacturer’s and submitted to the federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before new generic products are approved for sale. This file will show that the generic drug has the same ingredients in the same proportions as the brand product (known as bioequivalence) and performs the same as the brand product when taken (known as bioavailability). Once this submission file is reviewed by FDA and bioequivalence and bioavailability are confirmed, an approval for sale is granted and the drug may be marketed. All of the product formulations held by Mr. O’Charchin have bioequivalence studies completed which will result in considerable time savings and cost savings.
Add a Comment to this Post comments







RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 Emerging Growth News 

EmergingGrowth.com Daily Dozen – Winners vs. Losers 

 



 Commodities 

Dundee Precious Metals, Inc. (OTC Pink: DPMLF) Rallies 10.90% After Reporting Second Quarter 2017 Earnings 

 



 Commodities 

Liberty One Lithium Corp. (OTCQB: LRTTF) Gains 5% After Naming Brad Nichol As New CEO 

  




STAY CONNECTED100,801FansLike1,324FollowersFollow970FollowersFollow107SubscribersSubscribe 





MOST POPULAR




EmergingGrowth.com Daily Dozen – Winners vs. Losers 
June 28, 2017 


 




Decision Diagnostics Corp. (OTC Pink: DECN) Jumps 24.14% After Receiving Updated... 
July 13, 2017 


 




PhotoMedex, Inc. (OTC Pink: PHMD) Rallies 10.53% After 8-K Filing Details... 
July 7, 2017 


 




Tower One Wireless Corp. (OTC Pink: TOWTF) Jumps 21.47% After Update... 
June 19, 2017 


 Load more  

 
 
 
 










EDITOR PICKS




EmergingGrowth.com Daily Dozen – Winners vs. Losers 
July 28, 2017 


 




Dundee Precious Metals, Inc. (OTC Pink: DPMLF) Rallies 10.90% After Reporting... 
July 28, 2017 


 




Liberty One Lithium Corp. (OTCQB: LRTTF) Gains 5% After Naming Brad... 
July 28, 2017 


   

POPULAR POSTS




The FUTURE is approaching faster than one can handle… 
January 10, 2017 


 




WorldFlix, Inc. (OTC Pink: WRFX) Making Children Safer and Smarter 
June 2, 2016 


 




Halitron Inc. (OTC Pink: HAON), a Look at an Equity Investment... 
May 31, 2016 


   

POPULAR CATEGORYTechnology355Commodities263Med, Biotech & Pharma215Emerging Growth News204Cannabis191Entertainment & Retail175Food and Beverage45Other News23In Play22  





ABOUT USEmergingGrowth.com is a leading independent small cap media portal with an extensive history of providing unparalleled content for the Emerging Growth markets and companies.Contact us: info@EmergingGrowth.comFOLLOW US
























 








Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us / Subscribe
 

                    © Copyright 2016 - EmergingGrowth.com -- Images via Shutterstock                
























 

Health Advance Inc (OTCMKTS:HADV) Finalizes LOI To Acquire Product Formulations | Journal Transcript


























































































 







Sign in



Technology
Cannabis
Health Care
Energy
Metals
About

Contact Us
Advertising


Disclaimer
 





Sign in





Welcome!Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password?





Password recovery


Recover your password

your email




 







Search













Sign in / Join 














 





Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password? Get help


Password recovery
Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.










Journal Transcript







Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp (SHIP) on Breakout Alert. Read More
 










Technology
Cannabis
Health Care
Energy
Metals
About

Contact Us
Advertising


Disclaimer






















 




Loading stock data... 





Home    

Health Care    Health Advance Inc (OTCMKTS:HADV) Finalizes LOI To Acquire Product Formulations
Health Care

Health Advance Inc (OTCMKTS:HADV) Finalizes LOI To Acquire Product Formulations

By Jason Williams -   November 17, 2016 697 0 







SHARE

Facebook
Twitter







Health Advance Inc (OTCMKTS:HADV) has finalized a non-binding Letter of Intent to buy certain product formulations for the production of generic medications from Patrick O’Charchin. The acquisition is contingent to comprehensive appraisal by Health Advance, and the negotiation and implementation of a definitive deal. This deal will be dependent on the closure of certain conditions including the firm issuing shares in lieu for the formulations held by O’Charchin. The firm will assess the formulations value and anticipates the evaluation period to last nearly 4-6 weeks.
The highlights
Health Advance believes the LOI is the next stage of its development and growth. Upon closure of the Hantian deal, the firm will use the strategic associations formed by Hantian to advance, promote and market the formulations that will offer Health Advance with the remarkable opportunities. The formulations are presently active in the many areas; Central Nervous System medications like anti-psychotics and anti-convulsants, Anti-Infection medications like erythromycin opthalmic ointment, Topical Dermatology medications such as topical anti-inflammatories and anti-fungals, hormonal Drugs like steroidal medications, and other drugs like ophthalmics.
Generic drugs are bioequivalent and therapeutic equivalent options to brand name medications that have lost the market uniqueness of patent protection. Generic medication provides the same active chemical unit as trade name items, but vary inert substance formulations. These include artificial colors, flavorings, binders, fillers, etc.
Since these elements may impact the bioavailability of the active ingredient, bioequivalence trials must be performed by manufacturer’s and given to the FDA before new generic items are approved for sale. This file will depict that the generic drug constitutes the same ingredients in the equivalent ratio as the brand product termed as bioequivalence and accomplishes the same as the trademark product when taken termed as bioavailability.
Once this file is assessed by the FDA and bioavailability and bioequivalence are established, a support for sale is allowed and the medication may be commercialized. All of the product preparations held by O’Charchin are done with bioequivalence studies, which in turn will result in considerable cost and time savings.
DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of journaltranscript.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to:
https://www.journaltranscript.com/disclaimer
Trending Advertise HereThe Next Big Thing In Biotech?https://journaltranscript.comGet our top rated alerts on the biotech sectorSHIP Poised to Surprise Investors-2017http://www.smallcapstocks.comThis Undervalued Freight Transportation Company is Making Big MovesTraders Need To Know This Nowhttps://journaltranscript.comWallStreet is loading up on this stock. Find out whyEx Broker Makes Millions On Wall Streethttps://journaltranscript.comHere is his secret to making winning trades daily. Get an edge over Wall Street. 
 



LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply 










 

 






 
Related StoriesArch Therapeutics Inc (OTCMKTS:ARTH) Files FORM 10-QMEI Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:MEI Development Of PracinostatStemCells Inc (NASDAQ:STEM)’s Two Officers and Three Directors Resign Following News Of Merger With ...Greenfield Farms Food Inc (OTCMKTS:GRAS) Files Form 10-QImmunoGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:IMGN) Update On Trial of Mirvetuximab Soravtansine
Recent StoriesSteven Binder Appointed The New Chief Financial Officer For MannKind Corporation (NASDAQ:MNKD)July 28, 2017xG Technology Inc’s (NASDAQ:XGTI) Vislink Business Acquires $1.5 Million Order For Microwave Communication DevicesJuly 28, 2017The Community Health Systems (NYSE:CYH) receives a Blow After Doctors Drop Their Efforts of Finding Indiana Hospital’s New OwnerJuly 27, 2017Apple’s Rival Watch By Fitbit Inc. (NYSE:FIT) Could Make A Breakthrough Into The Market SoonJuly 27, 2017TherapeuticsMD Inc. (NYSEMKT:TXMD) Tables Its Crucial regulatory Updates On Its New Drug, TX-004HRJuly 26, 2017Sprint Corp. (NYSE:S) Offers A Huge Space For Job Seekers As It Opens New Retail Stores In Central And North FloridaJuly 26, 2017My Size Inc. (TLV: MYSZ) Introduces A White Label RealSize Measurement Application On Apple App Store To Enhance Customer ExperienceJuly 25, 2017Jaguar Animal Health Inc. (NASDAQ:JAGX) Neonorm Foal Study Could End Up Being Put In Black And White After Being Accepted By Analecta Veterinaria PublishersJuly 25, 2017AEterna Zentaris Inc (NASDAQ:AEZS) Delighted After FDA Approves Its Newest ProductJuly 24, 2017A Challenging Time For Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC) Following The Second-Quarter LossJuly 24, 2017  
 












The Journal Transcript is the premier online publication for news and information. We provide our readers with the most comprehensive coverage on the web.Contact us: [email protected]














 

EVEN MORE NEWS




Steven Binder Appointed The New Chief Financial Officer For MannKind Corporation... 
Health Care July 28, 2017 







xG Technology Inc’s (NASDAQ:XGTI) Vislink Business Acquires $1.5 Million Order For... 
Technology July 28, 2017 







The Community Health Systems (NYSE:CYH) receives a Blow After Doctors Drop... 
Health Care July 27, 2017 


  

POPULAR CATEGORYBusiness2561Technology821Science584Health Care414Advancers65Stocks62Press Releases28 






Technology
Cannabis
Health Care
Energy
Metals
About

Contact Us
Advertising


Disclaimer
 



© Copyright 2012 - JournalTranscript.com 

















Get Our FREE e-Alerts on the Market’s Latest Trends in Cannabis, Energy, Health Care, Metals & Technology.× 




 


Subscribe





 




















 



















Health Advance Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to acquire Product Formulations | Investing News Network















































































 















 











	here debug-> :lcxx11741
	

 


PharmaceuticalInvesting News 





Your trusted source for investing success




Pharmaceutical 




Member? Login

























 



Menu











 
















Pharmaceutical Investing





Health Advance Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to acquire Product Formulations
 
« Bernie Sanders Takes On B…
Do Generic Drugs Make the… »




Investing News Network • October 31, 2016		                	


							 		Add Comment							 	








Health Advance (OTCPINK: HADV) is pleased to announce it has entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent to acquire certain proprietary product formulations for the manufacturer of generic drugs from Patrick O’Charchin, a Canadian resident. The acquisition is subject to due diligence by Health Advance, and the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement. The agreement will be subject to certain conditions including the Company issuing shares of the Company in exchange for the formulations held by Mr. O’Charchin. The Company will analyze the value of the formulations and expects the due diligence period to last approximately 4-6 weeks.
The Company believes the Letter of Intent is the next phase of its growth and development. Upon completion of the Hantian transaction, the Company will utilize the strategic relationships formed by Hantian to develop, market and promote the formulations that will provide Health Advance with the greatest opportunities.
The formulations are currently active in the following areas: (i) Central Nervous System Drugs such as anti-convulsants and anti-psychotics, (ii) Anti-Infection Drugs such as erythromycin opthalmic ointment, (iii) Topical Dermatology Drugs such as topical antibiotics, topical anti-fungals and anti-inflammatories, (iv) Hormonal Drugs such as steroidal drugs, and (v) Other Drugs such as ophthalmics.
Generic pharmaceuticals are bioequivalent (same ingredients) and therapeutic equivalent alternatives to brand name drugs that have lost the market exclusivity of patent protection. Generic drugs offer the same active chemical entity as trade name products, but differ inert substance formulations. Inert ingredients include binders, fillers, artificial colors, flavorings, etc. Since these substances may affect the bioavailability (performance) of the active ingredient, bioequivalence studies must be conducted by manufacturer’s and submitted to the federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before new generic products are approved for sale. This file will show that the generic drug has the same ingredients in the same proportions as the brand product (known as bioequivalence) and performs the same as the brand product when taken (known as bioavailability). Once this submission file is reviewed by FDA and bioequivalence and bioavailability are confirmed, an approval for sale is granted and the drug may be marketed. All of the product formulations held by Mr. O’Charchin have bioequivalence studies completed which will result in considerable time savings and cost savings.
Certain statements in this document that are not historical facts are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may be identified by the use of words such as “anticipate, “believe,” “expect,” “future,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “plan,” “projected,” “intend,” and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Health Advance Inc. to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company’s future operating results are dependent upon many factors, including but not limited to: (i) the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient capital or a strategic business arrangement to fund its current operational or expansion plans; (ii) the Company’s ability to build and maintain the management and human resources and infrastructure necessary to support the anticipated growth of its business; (iii) competitive factors and developments beyond the Company’s control; and (iv) other risk factors discussed in the Company’s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available for review at www.sec.gov under “Search for Company Filings.

For more information, please contact:
Health Advance Inc.
Jordan Starkman
CEO
www.healthadvanceinc.com
1-800-854-7970



Get the Latest Pharmaceutical Investing Stock InformationGet the latest information about companies associated with Pharmaceutical Investing delivered directly to your inbox.Pharmaceutical3D SignaturesDelMar PharmaceuticalsQ BioMedRespireRx PharmaceuticalsSelect All Select NoneBy selecting company or companies above, you are giving consent to receive email from those companies. And remember you can unsubscribe at any time. 
















“Trump’s victory could mean the end of Obamacare. Is right now a good time to invest in pharmaceutical stocks?”






Learn everything an investor needs to know about investing in pharmaceuticals.

Get My Free Report
Click here to download for free





  

Return to the Company News Index




Article Meta Data

« Bernie Sanders Takes On B…
Do Generic Drugs Make the… »


Related PostsStart Here - Investing in PharmaBioCorRx Will Offer Recovery Program for Opioid Abuse in OhioHow to Invest in Cardiovascular Disease Treatments5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: Novavax Leads the WeekPharmaceutical Pet Market Could Reach $69 Billion by 2020Tags acquisition, CEO, dermatology, drugs, FDA, food and drug administration, generic, generic drugs, Health, inc, opthalmic, Patent, patent protection, pharmaceuticals, Resources, SEC, shares, zinc supply. 





Comments


Leave a Reply
Click here to cancel reply.


Name (required)



Email (will not be published) (required)




Comment






 









 
 







Markets 















Top Resource News

Robert Friedland: Copper Will Con... 2,200 views 
Major Miner Rio Tinto Signs MOU t... 1,700 views 
4 Top Mining Execs Share Secrets... 1,400 views 
Jim Rickards: Thoughts on the US... 1,200 views 
VIDEO — Traveling to Fission Uran... 800 views 
Byron King: All Things Favor Gold... 800 views 





Top Technology News

FanDom Sports CEO Henri Holm 500 views 
How to Invest in Robotics 300 views 
Infographic: All Things You Need... 200 views 
Cryptocurrencies Still On the Ris... 200 views 
dynaCERT CEO Jim Payne 200 views 
NetApp Announces Collaboration wi... 100 views 





Top Life Science News

5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: Nova... 200 views 
4 Small Medical Device Companies... 200 views 
5 Anti-aging Stocks 200 views 
Aralez Pharmaceuticals To Report... 100 views 
How to Invest in Cardiovascular D... 100 views 
Atossa Genetics Completes Enrollm... 100 views 





Most Popular Stocks

Westhaven Ventures Inc. 900 views 
Friday Night Inc. 400 views 
Naturally Splendid Enterprises 300 views 
Angkor Gold 200 views 
Nemaska Lithium 200 views 
Lexaria Bioscience 200 views 



 





 Tweets by @INN_LifeScience
 





Download Free Reports 


Resource Investing

Investing in Medical Cannabis and Legal Cannabis Stocks in 2017Gold Trends and Gold Outlook 2017: Key Highlights for InvestorsSilver Price Forecast 2017 and Silver Stocks To BuyPrecious Metals Outlook 2017: CEO’s, Analysts on Gold, Silver and PlatinumUranium Price Forecasts 2017 and Top Uranium Stocks to WatchResource Forecast 2017 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and MoreIndustrial Metals Outlook and Stocks to WatchCopper Market Outlook and Copper Companies 2017Lithium Forecast 2017 and Lithium Stocks to BuyCobalt 2017 Market Forecast and Cobalt Stocks to BuyGraphite Investing Outlook 2017 and Graphite Stocks to BuyZinc Market Outlook 2017 and Best of Zinc StocksCritical Metals Price Forecast 2017 And Stocks To WatchAgriculture Investing In 2017: Market Forecast For Phosphate, Potash And MoreRare Earth Expert Interviews And Rare Earth Stocks To BuyBase Metals Prices 2017 And Investing OpportunitiesEnergy Investing Outlook 2017 and Energy Stocks to WatchInvesting In Diamond Stocks, Diamond Juniors, Colored Diamonds And MorePlatinum Industry Insights And Top Stocks To BuyTungsten Price, Tungsten Demand and Tungsten StocksCoal Prices And Market ForecastOil Prices, Market Forecasts And Top Investment OptionsThe Top Palladium ETFs, Bullions And Stocks To BuyStart Here – Investing in CannabisStart Here – Investing in GoldStart Here – Investing in SilverStart Here – Investing in LithiumStart Here – Investing in Oil and GasStart Here – Investing in UraniumStart Here – Investing in ResourcesStart Here – Investing in Precious MetalsStart Here – Investing in Critical MetalsStart Here – Investing in CopperStart Here – Investing in GraphiteStart Here – Investing in EnergyStart Here – Investing in CobaltStart Here – Investing in Base MetalsStart Here – Investing in LeadStart Here – Investing in PotashGold Trends 2016 and Gold Outlook 2017: Key Highlights for InvestorsGold Trends and Gold Outlook 2017: Key Highlights for InvestorsPotash Market Report: Prices, Production And Trends

Life Science Investing

Pharmaceutical Investing Principles And Pharmaceutical Stocks To Buy 2017Life Science and Healthcare Investing in 2017Medical Device Market Forecast 2017 and Stocks to BuyGenetics Market Outlook 2017: Latest in Genetic Research, Trends and Top Stocks to BuyBiotech Investing in 2017 – Top Biotech Stocks, ETFs and Future ProspectsStart Here – Investing in Medical DevicesStart Here – Investing in Life ScienceStart Here – Investing in GeneticsStart Here – Investing in BiotechStart Here – Investing in Pharma

Tech Investing

Fintech Investing and Rising Fintech Companies to Watch in 2017Tech Forecast and Promising Tech Stocks To Buy in 2017Cloud Computing Market Report and Market Forecast 2017Cleantech Market Trends in 2017 and Cleantech Stocks to BuyUnderstanding Bitcoins: From Bitcoin Mining to the Bitcoin RateNanotech Forecast & The Next Great Wave Of Nanotech Stocks To BuyGraphene Trends, Stocks, And Market Forecast: What The Pros Think And Where The Market Is Headed3D Printing Market Outlook And 3D Printing Stocks To BuyStart Here – Investing in FintechStart Here – Investing in 3D PrintingStart Here – Investing in CleantechStart Here – Data Investing FactsStart Here – Investing in CybersecurityStart Here – Investing in Mobile WebStart Here – Investing in Tech
Browse Topics 


Resource Investing

Agriculture Investing
Cannabis Investing
Phosphate Investing
Potash Investing
Base Metals Investing
Copper Investing
Iron Investing
Lead Investing
Nickel Investing
Zinc Investing
Critical Metals Investing
Cobalt Investing
Graphite Investing
Magnesium Investing
Manganese Investing
Rare Earth Investing
Scandium Investing
Tantalum Investing
Tellurium Investing
Tungsten Investing
Energy Investing
Gas Investing
Lithium Investing
Oil and Gas Investing
Oil Investing
Uranium Investing
Gem Investing
Diamond Investing
Industrial Metals Investing
Aluminum Investing
Chromium Investing
Coal Investing
Molybdenum Investing
Tin Investing
Vanadium Investing
Precious Metals Investing
Gold Investing
Palladium Investing
Platinum Investing
Silver Investing


Tech Investing

3D Printing Investing
App Investing
Cleantech Investing
Cloud Investing
Cybersecurity Investing
Data Investing
Fintech Investing
Graphene Investing
Mobile Web Investing
Nanotech Investing


Life Science Investing

Biotech Investing
Genetics Investing
Longevity Investing
Medical Device Investing
Pharmaceutical Investing

 





Featured Stocks 

3D Signatures Genomic Imaging for Precision MedicineRespireRx PharmaceuticalsQ BioMedDelMar PharmaceuticalsView All Featured Stocks  
 





 





Enter Your Log In Credentials



Email



Password

  Remember Me


 
 Create New Password
No password? Sign up


×


Privacy & Legal Policy
Privacy Policy
×









 
Investing News Network




 


























 


























Health Advance Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to acquire Product FormulationsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballHealth Advance Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to acquire Product FormulationsMarketwiredOctober 31, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareLAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Oct 31, 2016) - Health Advance Inc. (the "Company") (  OTC PINK :  HADV ) is pleased to announce it has entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent to acquire certain proprietary product formulations for the manufacturer of generic drugs from Patrick O'Charchin, a Canadian resident. The acquisition is subject to due diligence by Health Advance, and the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement. The agreement will be subject to certain conditions including the Company issuing shares of the Company in exchange for the formulations held by Mr. O'Charchin. The Company will analyze the value of the formulations and expects the due diligence period to last approximately 4-6 weeks.The Company believes the Letter of Intent is the next phase of its growth and development. Upon completion of the Hantian transaction, the Company will utilize the strategic relationships formed by Hantian to develop, market and promote the formulations that will provide Health Advance with the greatest opportunities. The formulations are currently active in the following areas: (i) Central Nervous System Drugs such as anti-convulsants and anti-psychotics, (ii) Anti-Infection Drugs such as erythromycin opthalmic ointment, (iii) Topical Dermatology Drugs such as topical antibiotics, topical anti-fungals and anti-inflammatories, (iv) Hormonal Drugs such as steroidal drugs, and (v) Other Drugs such as ophthalmics.Generic pharmaceuticals are bioequivalent (same ingredients) and therapeutic equivalent alternatives to brand name drugs that have lost the market exclusivity of patent protection. Generic drugs offer the same active chemical entity as trade name products, but differ inert substance formulations. Inert ingredients include binders, fillers, artificial colors, flavorings, etc. Since these substances may affect the bioavailability (performance) of the active ingredient, bioequivalence studies must be conducted by manufacturer's and submitted to the federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before new generic products are approved for sale. This file will show that the generic drug has the same ingredients in the same proportions as the brand product (known as bioequivalence) and performs the same as the brand product when taken (known as bioavailability). Once this submission file is reviewed by FDA and bioequivalence and bioavailability are confirmed, an approval for sale is granted and the drug may be marketed. All of the product formulations held by Mr. O'Charchin have bioequivalence studies completed which will result in considerable time savings and cost savings.Certain statements in this document that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may be identified by the use of words such as "anticipate, "believe," "expect," "future," "may," "will," "would," "should," "plan," "projected," "intend," and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Health Advance Inc. to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company's future operating results are dependent upon many factors, including but not limited to: (i) the Company's ability to obtain sufficient capital or a strategic business arrangement to fund its current operational or expansion plans; (ii) the Company's ability to build and maintain the management and human resources and infrastructure necessary to support the anticipated growth of its business; (iii) competitive factors and developments beyond the Company's control; and (iv) other risk factors discussed in the Company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available for review at www.sec.gov under "Search for Company Filings.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAB InBev (BUD) Earnings and Revenues Miss Estimates in Q2ZacksEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredJeff Bezos’ brief stint as world’s richest human ends with Amazon’s second-quarter whiffTechCrunchWill Phillips 66 (PSX) Disappoint This Earnings Season?ZacksUnder Armour (UAA) to Report Q2 Earnings: What Lies Ahead?ZacksThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredCan BP Plc (BP) Spring a Surprise this Earnings Season?ZacksThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness Insider3 Must-Own Stocks in 2017Banyan HillSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekThe Travel Card That Is Breaking thWise BreadSponsoredTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTrump replaces chief of staff Reince Priebus with homeland security chief John KellyDanielle: This "presidency" is out of control.  Mueller...please bring this travesty to a stop, soon!Join the Conversation1 / 59.4k








