










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Health Chain Solutions, LLC (HCS) - Privacy Statement

<


























Home
Company

About Us
Our Team


IoT Solutions

SmartCare Connect™ 
Visual Management & Analytics


Contact Us

Request Information








 
The Only IoT Healthcare Business in the U.S.







Solutions For:

Provider 
| LTC/Skilled Nursing 
| Home Healthcare 
| Healthcare Consumer/Patient





Privacy Statement

Terms of Use 






Privacy Statement 
Health Chain Solutions, LLC (HCS)  recognizes privacy and security as a concern for itself and individuals accessing the Internet. This describes the privacy policy and the security measures we take to protect personal information. By using our Web Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by HCS as set forth in the policy. If there are any changes to our policy, the changes will be posted on the Web Site. You must check back periodically to ensure you have the most current policy.  
What information is collected?  

HCS collects personally-identifiable information, including name, title, company, address, e-mail address, phone numbers, etc. You are not required to provide information to obtain access to any part of our Web Site. 
Our Web Site server also collects the domain names of visitors to our Web Site. This information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on theHCS Web Site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our Web Site and to improve content.

 Who is collecting the information? 

When you are on the HCS Web Site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with HCS. The HCS Web Site may contain various links to third-party Web sites. These sites may provide additional information, goods, services and/or promotions. These sites are owned and operated independently of HCS, and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any information you provide to these Web sites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. HCS has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the independent actions or policies of these independent sites, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites. 

How is my information used? 

HCS’s primary goal in collecting personal information is to facilitate business relationships and to enable us to contact you to fulfill requests. This information may also be used to provide you with a customized experience on our site, which includes interactive communications, and other services. 
The HCS site may also contain optional surveys and questionnaires asking for information, as well as several opportunities for visitors to ask questions. We use the information you provide to help us design and build better services, to customize your experience, and to provide advice and recommendations. Taking part in any of these segments is always optional. 
We also use the information we collect to help target valuable marketing and advertising offers. This kind of advertising may be done with banner ads as well as promotional emails sent by HCS, or by third parties under contract with HCS. 
HCS may perform research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us when making a request, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual. HCS may share this aggregated data with our business partners. 

With whom does HCS share my information? 

Except as outlined in this policy or on our web site, it is HCS’s policy not to provide your personal information to third-parties without your consent. 
HCS may match user information with third party data to help us better understand our customers (customer profiling). HCS may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Web site to prospective business partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. 

Additional Information 

        If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy on   the Site, or wish to opt-out of any email list, please contact us via Email: info@healthchainsolutions.com

 







Home •
  Company •
IoT Solutions •
      Contact Us

Privacy Statement

 
  Health Chain Solutions







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















A History of Consolidation and Growth | ISC Solutions | ISC Solutions

















Skip to main content














Are you an ISC employee?

Employee Log-in
 






Office Products Customer Log-in










About ISC
Office Products
Print Management
Courier/Transportation
Contact Us
 



















				About ISC			
Company History
Integrated Supply Chain Solutions, LLC, (d/b/a ISC Solutions), founded in February 2008, is a small conglomerate of business divisions which include Office Products, Print Management Services and Courier/ Transportation.       
ISC's new strategy was solely focused on the premise that the integration of various supply chain functions was the key to cost reduction and operational improvements.    
Shortly after the launch of ISC Solutions, a campaign was initiated to document the work completed by the various functions in each business unit. Seventy eight process maps were completed, identifying areas of improvements and used for training new employees. This campaign further pointed out the need to engage in a simplified and structured approach to operational management which was based on the principles of LEAN.
Earlier in 2009, ISC received a training grant which was used to provide LEAN training to employees at all levels in the company. This training culminated in the redesign of the replenishment process in the Henry Ford Hospital Emergency Room, a 48,000 sq. ft. facility with 78 beds, and 107 stocking locations that treats 94,500 patients annually. The efforts resulted in expense reductions, an integrated supply replenishment team, and an increase in nursing and patient satisfaction.
Office products was added as a service line in 2009 and was a good fit when combined with print management services which included desktop delivery. Office Depot was selected as a strategic partner, as a result of their well defined MBE Tier Program and the fact that  their delivery system was outsourced to a third party. The outsourcing of the delivery system was important because it provided an outsourcing opportunity for ISC Solutions. Two office products customers were acquired in 2009, La Z Boy (shipping to locations in 16 states) and Cambridge Casualty, a local company.
The Courier/Transportation business unit continued to streamline their operation through the use of the routing software and took on additional routes at Henry Ford Health System with a combination of new employees and redirecting existing employees. During the year the ground work was laid to move into lab courier and home health deliveries.
Activity in the Office Products business started to increase as we solidified our MBE relationship with Office Depot in August 2010. Later in the year we were awarded a contract by Beaumont Hospitals, this was ISC’s first significant Office Products deal. In December that same year we submitted an office products proposal to Henry Ford Health System in response to their RFP. The strategy implemented in 2010 was to focus on the office products and pull print management services along once an opportunity was identified with a prospective customer.
Deliveries for the Henry Ford Health System Home Health division began in February 2010 with deliveries of patient specific products to clinics within 2 hours of the order. Research into lab courier revealed the need for integrated software to track specimens and the prospective customer focus changed from hospitals to independent reference labs.
ISC Solutions actively participates in a number of community activities with its primary philanthropic efforts focused towards seniors, youth and education and local communities.








Vision Statement
To create a collaborative environment that provides quality products and value added services to our customers, while developing our workforce to take advantage of opportunities to grow and fostering teamwork.







Mission Statement
To provide supply chain integration and commodity management solutions, tailored to individual customers that assists them in meeting their financial and operational improvement goals.





















Newsletter Sign-up
Sign up to receive our quarterly E-Newsletter & stay updated!












Connect With Us
We want to stay connected with you. Feel free to visit us and contact us on LinkedIn:









Home
Blog/News
Employee
ISC Email
Supplier Diversity
 


Copyright © 2017 ISC Solutions. All rights Reserved.












	Supply Chain Solutions for Health Systems | McKesson





   
























McKesson


CareersInvestorsContact UsCustomer Login




Search








Solutions 






ProvidersAll Solutions for ProvidersDistributionPharmaceutical Ordering and PackagingMedical Supplies and EquipmentTechnology and ServicesGrowth and ExpansionOperational EfficiencyPatient and Clinical CareRegulatory and Risk ManagementReimbursement and Revenue Cycle ManagementPharmaciesAll Solutions for PharmaciesDistributionPharmaceutical DistributionSupplies, Equipment and MerchandiseExpertise and TechnologyFinancial PerformanceGrowth and ExpansionMedication Adherence and Clinical PerformanceOperational EfficiencyHealth PlansAll Solutions for Health PlansConsumer EngagementHealth Care ReimbursementMedical Cost and Care QualityOperational EfficiencyPopulation HealthProvider EngagementManufacturersAll Solutions for ManufacturersPharmaceutical DistributionThird Party LogisticsPharmaceutical PackagingGroup Purchasing Organization ServicesClinical Trial ServicesHealth Care InformaticsCommercial Services



All Solutions





Providers All Solutions for ProvidersDistributionPharmaceutical Ordering and PackagingMedical Supplies and EquipmentTechnology and ServicesGrowth and ExpansionOperational EfficiencyPatient and Clinical CareRegulatory and Risk ManagementReimbursement and Revenue Cycle Management
Pharmacies All Solutions for PharmaciesDistributionPharmaceutical DistributionSupplies, Equipment and MerchandiseExpertise and TechnologyFinancial PerformanceGrowth and ExpansionMedication Adherence and Clinical PerformanceOperational Efficiency
Health Plans All Solutions for Health PlansConsumer EngagementHealth Care ReimbursementMedical Cost and Care QualityOperational EfficiencyPopulation HealthProvider Engagement
Manufacturers All Solutions for ManufacturersPharmaceutical DistributionThird Party LogisticsPharmaceutical PackagingGroup Purchasing Organization ServicesClinical Trial ServicesHealth Care InformaticsCommercial Services
All Solutions
Blog
About Us



More >















HomeProvidersHealth SystemsSupply Chain Solutions








 
              Supply Chain Solutions


                    Hospital Supply Chain Solutions drive strategic decision-making

OverviewStrategic Supply SourcingPoint of Use SupplySupply Chain ManagementEnterprise Resource PlanningHuman Capital ManagementFiscal Management








































As much as 45% of a hospital's total operating expenses are for supplies, drugs, and consumables.************** Embedded Contact Object **************McKesson Supply Chain Solutions™ help your organization effectively manage supply selection and processes throughout the hospital supply chain by streamlining workflow, enabling tighter inventory management, and providing an enterprise-wide view of your total supply spend.By delivering targeted operational efficiencies to generate savings that impact margin improvement, hospital supply chain management from McKesson drive strategic decision-making. McKesson Supply Chain Solutions - which include McKesson Strategic Supply Sourcing™, McKesson Point of Use Supply™, McKesson Supply Chain Management™ and new McKesson Healthcare Warehouse Management™ - provides a comprehensive, end-to-end offering that drives strategic supply sourcing and operational savings to create solid financial performance.Although McKesson Supply Chain Solutions can work independently with any MMIS, the power of their integration fully complements the McKesson Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) suite of products. Designed specifically for the healthcare and hospital supply chain enterprise, the suite offers hire-to-retire human capital management, comprehensive fiscal management, and supply chain solutions and analytics.With McKesson Supply Chain Solutions, you can expect:Better Business HealthMargin improvement can be achieved by increasing contract compliance, reducing supply labor management, and improving supply utilization and standardization.Better Patient HealthDriving patient-centric supply usage from the operating room to the nursing units improves patient safety and improves overall capacity.Better ConnectivityExtensive integration enhances workflow across the entire patient and financial experience, from supply sourcing through patient and vendor billing.BenefitsCaptures, integrates and normalizes your total supply spend data in a single locationReduces supply spend, improves charge capture and reduces staff timeImproves resource management analysis and decision-making


































Related Products and SolutionsMcKesson Strategic Supply SourcingGain visibility into your entire hospital supply chain spend with the new McKesson Strategic Supply Sourcing solution and its virtual item master.Learn moreMcKesson Point of Use SupplyHealthcare Point-of-Use Supply Chain Solution drives a healthy business.Learn moreMcKesson Supply Chain ManagementIntegrate the entire hospital supply chain to streamline and automate ordering, increase standardization and reduce overall costs.Learn moreEnterprise Resource PlanningOffering ERP Solutions that Unlock the Value of the Healthcare Enterprise.Learn more









McKesson and Infor Form Strategic Go-to-Market PartnershipMcKesson partners with industry-leading healthcare technology companies to provide more opportunities for our customers to gain flexibility and drive sustainable savings. Learn how McKesson has joined together with Infor™ Healthcare to offer organizations a cloud-based enterprise resource planning solution.Learn more








View Sessions on DemandThis online experience, which is open to all MTS users at no charge, allows you and your colleagues the opportunity to increase your knowledge, learn best practices and hear from industry experts. The 2016 Success Summit can help your organization make the most of your McKesson technologies and help drive better outcomes.Learn more









































































Contact UsFind out how we can help you.OnlineA McKesson representative will get back to you soon.Request information
































top

































































		Healthcare Supply Chain Management | Materials | Inventory | SCM | GHX
	
	











United States
Canada
Europe















Toggle navigation









Solutions





                     Healthcare Providers
                  



Solutions



Purchasing Automation


Contract & Price Management


Item Master Management


Requisition & Workflow Control


Invoice & Payment Automation


Supply Chain Optimization


Implantable Device Supply Chain





Products



Advanced Order Manager


CCXpert


Compliance Document Manager


Contract Manager Xpert


ePay


Exchange Enterprise


Exchange Services


Item ConneXion


MetaTrade


NuVia


OnDemand AP


Procurement Suite


Provider Intelligence


Vendor Manager


Vendormate Credentialing








                     Healthcare Suppliers
                  



Solutions



Sales Data Analytics


e-Commerce


Master Data Management


Pricing Alignment


Order-to-Cash Optimization


Implantable Device Supply Chain


UDI Data Distribution


Invoice & Payment Automation





Products




AllSource


Business Performance Solution


Collaboration Portal


eInvoicing


ePay


Exchange Services


G-Fax


Health ConneXion


Market Intelligence






Mergers & Acquisitions Solution


Order Intelligence


Outsourced Credentialing


Single Channel 845


TradingNet


UDI Data Submission Service


Vendormate Credentialing


WebConnect


WebDirect2









 





Consulting Services





Assessment Services


				 Keeping up with the monumental changes in healthcare while trying to improve efficiencies and reduce costs may seem like an impossible task. That's where GHX Assessment Services come in. Our experts will assess your supply chain and build a design plan that supports your strategic goals to improve margins. You'll be poised to implement products and technology that help optimize the value of your supply chain while lowering project costs and risks.
				  
				  
more




AP Optimization Services


                 Automating your invoicing process is an important part of the AP optimization equation, but technology alone won’t solve your business problem. Turn to GHX AP Optimization Services to help you achieve hard-dollar savings and reduce labor requirements by transforming your accounts payable function. Say goodbye to the days of paper-based processes plagued with errors and inefficiencies and hello to a well-tuned, efficient and highly automated operation.
				 
more





e-Commerce Acceleration


                  To make your investment in e-commerce worthwhile, you need to reach the volume of transactions required to truly realize the benefits you expect—and need. Start seeing the results you’re looking for with GHX e-Commerce Acceleration Services. We’ll help you send up to 90 percent of your transaction volume through GHX in as little as 90 days for significant cost and labor savings. 
                  
more



 





Industry Resources





Blog: The Healthcare Hub
more



GHX Gets Mobile


Influence Supply Chain Performance With Automation and Order Accuracy


Collaborative ePayable Technology: Positive Shift in Provider and Supplier Relationships



White Papers
more


Helping Small Hospitals Succeed 
Driving Inefficiencies and Costs Out of the Implant Case-to-Cash Process 
Next-Generation EDI Mapping for Pharma 




Case Studies
more


Medline Canada Speeds Payments, Increases Efficiency with GHX eInvoicing 
The Total Economic Impact™ Of The GHX Platform 
TransForm Delivers Cost Savings and Greater Value to its Member Hospitals through Supply Chain Automation, and Content and Contract Management 


Videos
more


The new My Exchange is here – are you ready?
Summit20 - Increasing Supplier Diversity to Drive Positive Economic Impact
Summit20 - How to Truly Manage Your Contracts and Compliance




Webinars
more


Business Associate Management: Risks and Impacts to Providers
Putting the Cash in “Order to Cash”
Collaboration Portal Price Alignment Webinar


Product Information
more


CCXpert Consulting Services 
Contract Management Consulting Services 
Contract Price Optimization 









Newsroom/Events





News Releases




                    
                    GHX Research Reveals Improving Healthcare Order-to-Cash Cycle Time  is Top Financial Priority Among Suppliers
                


               Tuesday, June 06, 2017
                


                    
                    Healthcare Supply Chain Leader GHX Receives Investment from Temasek
                


               Wednesday, May 17, 2017
                

In the News




                Perfect ‘Adjusted’ Order is a Conversation Away
            

Becker's Hospital Review

            July, 2017
        



                The UDI Conference Shifts to Value
            

Healthcare Purchasing News

            June, 2017
        

Blog: The Healthcare Hub


GHX Gets Mobile




Upcoming Events




                    IDN Summit & Reverse Expo - Fall 2017
                

                August 28 - August 30, 2017
                
                Phoenix, AZ


            



                    HIDA 2017 Streamlining Healthcare Conference
                

                September 27 - September 29, 2017
                
                Chicago, IL


            

Press Kit

Media Contact

Kathy WilsonTier One Partners781-652-0499kwilson@tieronepr.com







About GHX


Overview


Value You Can Measure


Company Leadership


Company Background


Mission, Vision, Core Values


Careers


Contact Us


GHX Awards



Global Standards


Location/Organization Identification


Product Identification/UDI


Data Synchronization/GDSN


Standards User Group



Customer Care

Supply Chain Summit





Why Attend
Awards
2017 Highlights

Attendee Resources




Summit Series Webinars >>




2018 Healthcare Supply Chain Summit
Monday, May 7 — Wednesday, May 9, 2018
                            
                            Las Vegas, NV








GHX Login
New Supplier Registration
Community














                                Introducing the new GHX My Exchange. Alerts & notifications, real-time analytics, collaboration tools.
                            








 Migrate Now  











                                Faster, more secure payment processing
                            








learn more











                                Automate payments. Boost efficiency. Maximize rebates.
                            








learn more











                                Transform data into a strategy for improvement
                            








learn more











GHX provides supply chain solutions for

 

          
Healthcare Providers

 
 
          
GPOs


 
          
Healthcare Manufacturers


 
          
Distributors





Upcoming Events

IDN Summit & Reverse Expo - Fall 2017 Monday, August 28, 2017


HIDA 2017 Streamlining Healthcare Conference Wednesday, September 27, 2017



 Latest Resources
    
	

 
 
Seattle Children’s Hospital Maximizes GHX Solutions to Drive Continuous Performance Improvement





Healthcare Hub Blog


GHX Gets Mobile


Influence Supply Chain Performance With Automation and Order Accuracy


Collaborative ePayable Technology: Positive Shift in Provider and Supplier Relationships


European UDI Similar to U.S. Requirements and Challenges






Latest News:





				6/6/2017 - GHX Research Reveals Improving Healthcare Order-to-Cash Cycle Time  is Top Financial Priority Among Suppliers


				5/17/2017 - Healthcare Supply Chain Leader GHX Receives Investment from Temasek


				4/26/2017 - Healthcare Supply Chain Leaders and Visionaries Honored  at 17th Annual GHXcellence Awards


				4/24/2017 - GHX Unveils New Order Management System for Healthcare


				4/12/2017 - GHX Business Intelligence Solution Delivers Critical Visibility into Supply Chain Operational and Financial Performance










We are using CCXpert far more than ever before.  We couldn’t live without the three-way match.





Value for our customers. Value for healthcare.





	
	The savings you delivered to healthcare...

	0
	...over the last 12 months through faster, more efficient and more accurate procurement processes using GHX.











$1B



$2B



$3B



$4B












	What could have been...

	0
	...had healthcare adopted average levels of supply chain automation, accuracy, and efficiency.






 More on value






Follow Us:

































                            ©  Global Healthcare Exchange, LLC. All rights reserved.
                        

Terms Of Use


Privacy Policy


Site Map











                            expand 






Healthcare Supply Chain Management 
Organizations who buy and sell medical products—hospitals, or "providers", and the companies they purchase supplies from, or “suppliers”—have experienced a dramatic supply chain management transformation since the inception of healthcare e-commerce at the turn of the century. When the trading exchange opened in 2000, healthcare was desperate for a better, more efficient and effective way of doing business. Today, technology enables a high degree of supply chain automation, and the benefits for materials management in healthcare have been and will continue to be far-reaching. With e-commerce and technology, healthcare organizations will continue to embrace and adopt more efficient business processes, positively impacting revenue cycles and reducing operating costs.  
Medical & Hospital Supply Chain Solutions for Reducing Healthcare Costs 
As healthcare organizations continue to embrace best technologies, new solutions emerge for this industry that has historically been plagued by manual, inefficient and costly challenges. Additionally, with automation the door opens to something obtainable only in limited ways before—data. E-commerce enables healthcare systems to collect data that will shed light process inefficiencies, guiding us to focus attention on problem areas of our supply chain. As a result, services across healthcare organizations—from procurement to invoicing to inventory and everything in between—will advance the industry in ways we only dreamt of a decade ago. 
We are a Healthcare Supply Chain Management company. Our main offerings include: Healthcare Industry Consulting, Automated Hospital Accounts Payable, Medical Business Intelligence, and Medical EDI.  





















Home | ROi





















Skip to main content







Search form
SearchSearch



 







Member Login| Search 













                  Customize Your Content                  ×





 Clinical BenefitsClinically integrated supply chain 


 Operational BenefitsSupply chain best practices 


 Financial Benefits Significant savings and value 

Filter


 

 




 
























We are more than a traditional GPO model
Learn about ROi’s provider-owned, operator advantage to deliver results for your health system.



Learn More



Explore our services through the ROi Integrated Model










ENGAGE AND COLLABORATE






The ROi Integrated Model begins with patient care in mind. We engage with fellow providers to col...










ENGAGE AND COLLABORATE













CONTRACT AND SOURCE






We help fellow providers manage the evaluation, selection, contracting, standardization and utili...










CONTRACT AND SOURCE













MANUFACTURE AND PACKAGE






We operate as a self-manufacturer and packager within a regulated environment to offer high quali...










MANUFACTURE AND PACKAGE













WAREHOUSE AND TRANSPORT






We offer a reliable and cost-effective alternative to commercial distribution and operate one of ...










WAREHOUSE AND TRANSPORT













MANAGE AND USE






Our tenure of proven success as a provider, managing supply chain activities throughout the conti...










MANAGE AND USE













CONNECT AND SHARE






As a provider, our experience helps us serve as a connector for our partners to share successes a...










CONNECT AND SHARE



















From Our Vantage Point as a Provider
ROi has been seeking ways to re-imagine the supply chain. There are different paths to working collaboratively with ROi, from utilizing single services to building an integrated supply chain for your health care system.



PLAY










×


 









            Integrated Solution          







Apply



 













CASE STUDY

              FRANCISCAN MISSIONARIES OF OUR LADY HEALTH SYSTEM (FMOLHS): An Empowered and Integrated Supply Chain is the Future of Sustainability

            









FMOLHS Supply Expense














                        "                    

John Finan, President and CEO 

          Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System: We recognize the supply chain and management of non-wage expenses ...         










                        1                    

New Distribution Center

          Logistics One is the Name of Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System's New Consolidated Services Center         













                        "                    

Ken Meinke, CFO and CAO

          Spartanburg Regional Healthcare System: The more money we can save, the more we can reinvest into people, products an...         










                        "                    

Bruce Holstien, CEO

          Spartanburg Regional Healthcare System: We chose to partner with ROi because their innovative business model is compr...         









SRHS Supply Expense














CASE STUDY

              SPARTANBURG REGIONAL HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (SRHS): A Multi-Year Plan to Build an Advanced Supply Chain Organization             













CASE STUDY

              MERCY: ROi's Integrated Supply Chain Model Has Delivered More Than $1 Billion in Savings            









Mercy Supply Expense














                        1B                    

Total Savings

          ROi has delivered more than $1 billion in savings to Mercy         










                        "                    

Lynn Britton, CEO 

          MERCY: The current business model of American health care is not sustainable. We are going to have to reinvent oursel...         






 




 












×





LET'S DISCUSS YOUR GOALS
Contact Us


We help fellow providers achieve significant results customized to your needs and timeline. 


Jump to Form







 



