 








Lab in a box ! - YouTube 


 
  


































































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Lab in a box !
  



 










HealthCubed Inc.













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from HealthCubed Inc.?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe3 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Statistics



Add translations

380 views







3

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



4


0

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



1











Loading...
    










Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on Apr 5, 2017HealthCube is an innovative health screening instrument that is capable of pre-screening individuals on multiple health parameters. It is a flagship product of HealthCubed Inc. HealthCube is like a lab packed in a portable box with seamless applications.The HealthCubed ecosystem has simplified the process of acquiring and analyzing critical health parameters. An App based test menu on an Android-powered tablet which controls an integrated complex device breaks the learning curve of running diagnostic tests. This will allow the easy adoption of this methodology from front-line health workers to higher end polyclinics. 



      Category
    

Science & Technology




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Healthcube Pro   Final 1080p
  

     - Duration: 3:49.
  
Ankur Chitkara
268 views



3:49














    Ultra low-cost medical diagnostics in a tiny box | Paul Yager | TEDxRainier
  

     - Duration: 18:31.
  
TEDx Talks
5,960 views



18:31





    Swasthya Slate (Public Health Foundation of India)
  

     - Duration: 7:32.
  
PHFICHANNEL
462 views



7:32





    HealthCube
  

     - Duration: 1:03.
  
Engineers Australia
94 views



1:03





    Ms. Donita Rose for HealthCube
  

     - Duration: 6:49.
  
RANDOM RAYMOND
74 views



6:49





    DCN Diagnostics: Lateral Flow Assay Development
  

     - Duration: 5:02.
  
DCN Diagnostics
1,918 views



5:02





    Unity 3 - Precise diagnostics and effortless fitting
  

     - Duration: 3:21.
  
Siemens
3,426 views



3:21





    VERUS® Hands-On Training: Diagnostics Functions | Snap-on Tools
  

     - Duration: 7:11.
  
Snap-on Tools
19,983 views



7:11





    Graphing Meter & Lab Scope: MODIS™ Ultra (8/11) | Snap-on Training Solutions®
  

     - Duration: 7:43.
  
Snap-on Tools
26,674 views



7:43





    What happens on board the Snap-on Diagnostics Truck (Diagnostic Roadshow)?
  

     - Duration: 7:00.
  
David Walters
93 views



7:00





    MODIS® Ultra Integrated Diagnostic System | Snap-on Training Solutions®
  

     - Duration: 5:22.
  
Snap-on Tools
31,332 views



5:22





    Paper Microfluidics for Disease Diagnostics - Asghar Lab, FAU
  

     - Duration: 1:50.
  
Waseem Asghar
214 views



1:50





    Applying Microfluidic Technologies to Create an Integrated Point of Care Diagnostic Device
  

     - Duration: 3:14.
  
Bioengineering Honor Society
370 views



3:14





    Diagnostic For All - a diagnostic lab on printer paper
  

     - Duration: 1:14.
  
TheWorldCongress
1,279 views



1:14





    Mayo Clinic Motion Lab
  

     - Duration: 5:22.
  
IEEEEMBS
191 views



5:22





    Lab 6C: PDMS Microfluidics: Testing the Devices
  

     - Duration: 3:26.
  
MIT OpenCourseWare
9,045 views



3:26





    Connecting to a Cisco Router: Console Port, DB-9 to RollOver, USB to RS-232 9-pin Serial Adapter
  

     - Duration: 17:13.
  
Carly Salali
353,945 views



17:13





    Lab 6B: PDMS Microfluidics: Preparing a Test Pattern
  

     - Duration: 6:51.
  
MIT OpenCourseWare
18,977 views



6:51





    Medical Diagnostic Centre,  Pathology Laboratory, Medical Testing Laboratory, Diagnostic Medicare
  

     - Duration: 6:11.
  
Niir Project Consultancy Services Delhi
875 views



6:11





    Lab biosafety
  

     - Duration: 3:50.
  
K-State
4,938 views



3:50











  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 



Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Fitness Cubed Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:28 PM ET
Leisure Products

Company Overview of Fitness Cubed Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fitness Cubed Inc. manufactures connected fitness products. It offers Cubii, an under-desk elliptical trainer that lets office dwellers get some basic exercise at their desk. The company allows pre-ordering of its products. Fitness Cubed Inc. was formerly known as FunPower LLC. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.


445 West Erie StreetSuite 207Chicago, IL 60654United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 844-282-4401

mycubii.com







Key Executives for Fitness Cubed Inc.




 Arnav Dalmia


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








 Ryota Sekine


      	Chief Operating Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 111616 Eis (delaware) Inc. United States 111616 Opco (delaware) Inc. United States 21st Century Toys, Inc. United States 2nd Skull LLC United States 4D Seismic, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fitness Cubed Inc., please visit mycubii.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿








HealthCubed | Diagnostic device | Instant diagnostic check up


























Home

About


Team

Work with us



HealthCube


Consumables & Accessories

Gallery













HealthCube
Next generation diagnostic system
Pre-order now





Diagnostic tests 
24+ Parameters. Faster diagnosis. Instant results.
Know more….





Entire lab in one box !
Compact. Integrated. Easy-to-maneuver.
Pre-order now





Android compatible application
Connect. Diagnose. Analyze.







Health card
QR code access. Confidential. Secure information.





‹
›








 
Quick diagnostics with quality results




 
Time and cost saving

 

 
Easy to use and transparency in results

 

 
Portable and convenient

 






Diagnostic tests

Diagnostic tests prescribed by doctors give body acumens and help in defining the ailment. HealthCubed instrument help in evaluating common ailments and thus ensuring efficient medical decision making. We have cautiously structured our solutions to integrate routine as well as advance screenings in one device. 












General Body Checkup 





Body temperature
Pulse oximetry
Blood grouping
Blood haemoglobin
Heart rate
Blood pressure
Blood sugar







Cardiac Health





ECG(12-lead)
Troponin I
Total cholesterol







Reproductive & Child Health





HIV
HBsAg
Pregnancy
Syphilis
HCV







Diabetes & Kidney 





Urobilinogen
Urine nitrite
Urine pH
Urine ketone
Urine blood
Urine protein
Urine sugar
Urine leukocytes
Urine bilirubin
Urine specific gravity







Infectious Diseases





Chikungunya
Malaria
Dengue
Typhoid







Bone





Uric acid




 

Note - List of test may vary in different product versions










Coverage







Health workers






Individuals screened






Tests performed
















Copyright © 2017 HealthCubed | All rights reserved | Designed by HealthCubed

Disclaimer
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy

























Pre-order form


 



Preferred call timing
10:00 AM - 11:00 AM
11:00 AM - 12:00 Noon
12:00 Noon - 01:00 PM
01:00 PM - 02:00 PM
02:00 PM - 03:00 PM
03:00 PM - 04:00 PM
04:00 PM - 05:00 PM
 
Occupation
Doctor
Medical establishment
Corporate
Distributor
Retailer
Consumer
Other




Select country* 
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas The
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo The Democratic Republic Of The
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
External Territories of Australia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia The
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey and Alderney
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong S.A.R.
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea North
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau S.A.R.
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Man (Isle of)
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands Antilles
Netherlands The
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory Occupied
Panama
Papua new Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Smaller Territories of the UK
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (US)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe


 

I am interested in
HealthCube Pro
Consumables 
Accessories
 

Units
1 - 5 
6 - 20 
21 - 50 
51 - 100 
101 - 200 
201 - 500 
501 - 1000
 

How did you get to know about HealthCubed
Website
Google search
Advertisement
Seminar
Friends
 



Enter the code above here :
 Can't read the image? click here to refresh







﻿









Health diagnostic product | Advance diagnostic tests | Health diagnostic pre-screening device 
























Home

About


Team

Work with us



HealthCube


Consumables & Accessories

Gallery





 
HealthCubed team


HealthCubed Inc. is a US corporation registered in Delaware. HealthCubed India Private Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of HealthCubed Inc. USA with its registered office at New Delhi. The company operates a manufacturing facility in Okhla, New Delhi.

HealthCubed is an electronic health diagnostic company and manufactures and provides health diagnostic products and services. The company offers different versions of HealthCube, which is a health diagnostic pre-screening instrument that can perform several basic to advance diagnostic tests in no time and manage records digitally.










James R. Doty, M.D, F.A.C.S., F.I.C.S., F.A.A.N.S.  (Board of Directors)
James R. Doty, M.D. is a Professor in the Neurosurgery Department at Stanford University School of Medicine and the Founder and Director of the Stanford Center for Compassion and Altruism Research (CCARE) of which His Holiness the Dalai Lama is the founding benefactor. He obtained his undergraduate degree from the University of California, Irvine, and a medical degree from Tulane University. Dr. Doty completed the neurosurgical residency at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C. and obtained board certification in 1990. He is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons and the International College of Surgeons. He served 9 years on active duty service in the U.S. Army.Dr. Doty maintains a broad neurosurgical interest and is one of the pioneers in the use of stereotactic radiosurgery utilizing the CyberKnife. He is an expert in the surgical treatment of benign and malignant tumors of the brain and spinal cord. Additionally, he specializes in the surgical and medical (non-surgical) treatment of disorders of the spine including herniated discs, degenerative disease, tumors and traumatic injuries such as fractures or dislocations. Dr. Doty is also an expert in minimally invasive (minimal incision surgery) and complex spine surgery. He has published extensively in the areas of spine and stereotactic radiosurgery.For the last several years, his interest has focused on understanding the neural basis of compassion and altruism. He collaborates with a number of scientists in a variety of disciplines including neuroscience and psychology at Stanford and multiple universities throughout the world. He is the Senior Editor of the forthcoming "Handbook of Compassion Science" being published by Oxford University Press.As a philanthropist. Dr. Doty has supported health clinics throughout the world and supported groundbreaking neuroscience research. He has endowed chairs at multiple universities including Stanford and the chair for the Dean of Tulane Medical School, his alma mater.He is the New York Times bestselling author of Into the Magic Shop: A Neurosurgeon's Quest to Discover the Mysteries of the Brain and the Secrets of the Heart that has now been translated into 20 languages.









Prof. Ramanan Laxminarayan  (Chairman and Co-founder)
Ramanan is an international public health veteran and a leading global expert on the understanding of antibiotic resistance as a problem of managing a shared global resource. He realized an unmet need for a product that can address public health challenges of the world. The key characteristics of this product were that it had to be easy to use, quick and affordable. HealthCubed was born to address this need.Ramanan, is also an economist, engineer and epidemiologist by training and is the director and Senior Fellow at the Center for Disease Dynamics, Economics & Policy (CDDEP) in Washington, D.C., and the Senior Research Scholar and Lecturer at Princeton University. He has served on the U.S. President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology’s antimicrobial resistance working group and is a voting member of the U.S. Presidential Advisory Council on Combating Antimicrobial Resistance. He is a series editor of the Disease Control Priorities for Developing Countries, 3rd edition.In 2012, Ramanan created the Immunization Technical Support Unit that supports the immunization program of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India and which is credited with helping rapidly improve vaccination coverage and the introduction of new vaccines. As Vice President, Research and Policy at the Public Health Foundation of India between 2011 and 2015, he led the growth of a research division from 80 to over 700 technical and research staff.Whenever he has some time he would be either working on his new book or spending time with his family. 









Sridhar Ramanathan (President and CTO)
 Sridhar Ramanathan is responsible for scaling the operations of HealthCubed and introducing new technologies that enhance our value proposition. He closely works with design and production team and devices innovative ways to address challenges and technology integration. Sridhar had a dream to work in public health space to create technologies which are not only affordable but also quick and easy to use. At HealthCubed he is working to realise this dream and make it a reality for millions facing the paucity of quality medical services.Sridhar brings extensive experience ranging from Product Development, launch strategy including US FDA cleared products, integrating and adapting new technology for Point of Need Testing in addition to being a DFSS black belt. He holds a PhD in Analytical Chemistry from the University of Kentucky and an engineering degree from BITS Pilani. He is also an avid theatre enthusiast with a special interest in Science in Theatre.









Vivek Wadhwa   (Board of Directors)
 Vivek Wadhwa is a Distinguished Fellow at Carnegie Mellon University’s College of Engineering and a Director of Research at Duke University’s Pratt School of Engineering.  He is a globally syndicated columnist for The Washington Post and author of The Immigrant Exodus: Why America Is Losing the Global Race to Capture Entrepreneurial Talent, which was named by The Economist as a Book of the Year of 2012, and of Innovating Women: The Changing Face of Technology, which documents the struggles and triumphs of women. Wadhwa has held appointments at Stanford Law School, Harvard Law School, and Emory University and is a faculty member at Singularity University.Wadhwa is based in Silicon Valley and researches exponentially advancing technologies such as robotics, artificial intelligence, computing, synthetic biology, 3D printing, medicine, and nanomaterials.In 2012, the U.S. Government awarded Wadhwa distinguished recognition as an 'Outstanding American by Choice', for his commitment to the country and to the common civic values that unite the Americans.  He was also named one of the world’s 'Top 100 Global Thinkers' by Foreign Policy magazine in that year; in June 2013, he was on TIME magazine’s list of 'Tech 40', one of forty most influential minds in tech; and in September 2015, he was second on the list of 'Ten men worth emulating' in The Financial Times.Wadhwa teaches subjects such as technology, industry disruption, entrepreneurship, and public policy; researches the policy, law, and ethical issues of exponential technologies; helps prepare students for the real world; and advises several governments.  In addition to being a columnist for The Washington Post, he is a contributor to VentureBeat, The Huffington Post, LinkedIn Influencers blog, and the American Society of Engineering Education’s Prism magazine.


























Copyright © 2017 HealthCubed | All rights reserved | Designed by HealthCubed

Disclaimer
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy























 
 





















 





W Cubed, Inc. | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more


















 

















W Cubed, Inc.

    Online marketplace for consumer to find alternative healthcare services.    



Health/Medical



















 












Overview






                            Fort Collins, US                            



 




















            Founders                    







                Admin            



Sandra Guy Malhotra

                                                    I am the sole Founder and CEO.                                                 
I am a successful technologist, manager, radio show host and entrepreneur who is dedicated to improving health care in the US.



6 more related




















                At W Cubed, Inc. our goal is to improve education about, and access to, integrative and holistic healthcare that prevent and cure disease. Many people in the US are unsatisfied with traditional medical care outcomes and high costs and are looking for a more effective and affordable solution. For those individuals who are seeking an approach to achieve sustained health, there are few resources for information online that allow them to educate themselves, gain confidence in integrative approaches that prevent and cure disease, and find qualified practitioners. Our online marketplace, Whole-treatment.com, will fill this growing need.

Whole-treatment.com will offer rich content about alternative medical care modalities and options, and allow consumers to find practitioners and schedule appointments. The editorial content will allow visitors to search for information on integrative treatments for many common ailments similar to the content model on WebMD.com. We also understand the impo...
            

                At W Cubed, Inc. our goal is to improve education about, and access to, integrative and holistic healthcare that prevent and cure disease. Many people in the US are unsatisfied with traditional medical care outcomes and high costs and are looking for a more effective and affordable solution. For those individuals who are seeking an approach to achieve sustained health, there are few resources for information online that allow them to educate themselves, gain confidence in integrative approaches that prevent and cure disease, and find qualified practitioners. Our online marketplace, Whole-treatment.com, will fill this growing need.

Whole-treatment.com will offer rich content about alternative medical care modalities and options, and allow consumers to find practitioners and schedule appointments. The editorial content will allow visitors to search for information on integrative treatments for many common ailments similar to the content model on WebMD.com. We also understand the importance of fixed and fresh content for Whole-treatment.com, and are currently considering the acquisition of regional holistic magazine that has a staff of experienced writers. The founder of W Cubed, Inc. Sandra Malhotra, is also the host of weekly talk radio show Generation Regeneration on VoiceAmerica.com and timely content can also be obtained from the interview guests who have a significant standing in their respective fields. 

The scheduling functionality will provide a list of integrative of practitioners in the user’s area, and allow them to schedule an appointment online, similar to the service provided by ZocDoc.com. For health care practitioners Whole-treatment.com will provide access to a large potential client base for integrative practitioners helping them find new clients and grow their business. 

There several sources of revenue in the Whole-treatment.com marketplace:

- Practitioner services fees, based on several subscription options
- Premium consumer subscriptions for functionality and content beyond the free offering
- Advertising offerings for businesses interested in reaching consumers

Upon relaunch with new content, we would tap into strategic relationships that provide access to a large pool of practitioners and consumers, such as:

- Holistic Chamber of Commerce (>10,000 members)
- Bella Spark Magazine (distribution list >8,000)  
- Front Range Community College, Holistic Health Program (unique and leading A.A.S program in US)            
More information




















                Investors                            







                Admin            



Yosh Ashizawa










                Advisors                            







                Admin            



Nathan Phillips
Strategic Leader skilled in influencing change set in foundations of sustainability, triple bottom line, and business growth.








                Admin            



Patrick O'Neill
Experienced founder, CEO, board member - private, public, for profit, not for profit orgs.  Have built teams at startups and in large orgs








                Admin            



Seth Henry

                                                    Legal counsel                                                








                Admin            



Steven Kim

                                                    CPA                                                
Financial Consultant & CPA for small and emerging businesses in the Silicon Valley for 20 years.










                Employees                            







                Admin            



Maggie Barr

                                                    Business development consultant                                                
I'm a real estate agent at Keller Williams Santa Cruz with an extensive marketing, product management and management consulting background. 














            Recommendations                    


























Patrick O'Neill
 Advisor at W Cubed, Inc.


                                    W Cubed, Inc.'s core business is well situated given the confluence of the growing interest in health and wellness and the awareness of the shortcomings of our current health care system.

Dr. Malhotra's skills, experience and philosophy are the right mix to provide W Cubed with the leadership and management it needs to be able to serve an underdeveloped and growing market.














Noam Kostucki
 Founder at Redefine Us


                                    We were initially co-facilitators for a retreat organized by Alternavida. We worked closely together and build a good work relation. Since meeting through this event, we have partnered to create a Coaching Radio Show for Health & Wellness practitioners. 

From my experience, Sandra does what she says and says what she does. Every time that she said she'd do something by a certain time, it would be done as agreed. Sandra is hardworking and is a pleasure to work with. I look forward to delivering the show together in 2016.                                 












Robert Ciolino



                                    Dr. Malhotra and W Cubed, Inc. is on point with their mission, their brand, and its integrity runs core deep.  Dr. Malhotra is a leader in delivering timely, relevant and desperately needed information to the world, which is making it a better, safer and healthier place for all to live.  

The vision and scope within W Cubed, Inc. is expansive and truly brings synergy to whole health and healthy living in a way that has been missing for decades.

Truly,
Robert Ciolino
Senior Executive Producer
VoiceAmerica













Russell Kempt



                                    I worked closely with Sandra for over 4 years in Silicon Valley and enjoyed the experience greatly. She is a rare blend of razor-sharp technical competence, seasoned leader, clear communicator and a whole (well-balanced) person. Sandra’s unwavering commitment to the success of her customers, colleagues and directly managed team creates strong relationships built on trust. I am an adamant supporter of Sandra and pleased to continue to witness her success in every challenge she undertakes.  Since working together, she has successfully founded W Cubed (an online healthcare destination), become a popular radio talk show host and is living her dream of helping others actualize a healthy life.  I strongly recommend Sandra and W Cubed.                                








 









 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by











 





Adaptive Wellness - Fullscript




































































          The safest source for practitioner-grade supplements.
        









                    Adaptive Wellness
                  











First name



Last name



Email



Password





            Already have an account? Login here











            Already have an account? Login here
















              Fullscript is the safest and most convenient way to purchase products that have been recommended by your practitioner.
            











Crop Store Logo







Cancel
Save Logo












Healthcom Product Catalog
































































Contact
CareNet Login









Main Menu
=====================
About
Product Catalog
Contact
Testimonials
Providers
Resources
Consumers













Product Catalog


Product Catalog
CareLink® Medical Alert Service
CareVital® Telehealth Solutions
CareMed Medication Management










	©2013 Healthcom • 1600 West Jackson Street • Sullivan, Illinois 61951 • 800-525-6237 toll free phone • 800-392-8957 toll free fax
Site designed and developed by DCC Marketing • Privacy













