










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























































Healthsuite ecosystem | Philips Healthcare


































Philips





Healthcare








HealthSuite digital platform










Products & Services





Education & Resources





Specialties





Innovation





Financial





About




































                            Search terms
                        
















All products





Clinical solutions





Consulting





Customer service solutions





Upgrades & trade-ins





Population Health







Education & Training





FieldStrength





Find a course





Resource library





COPD insider







Clinical specialties





Business and government





Non-clinical specialties







Our innovation story





Research & Exploration





News





Thought Leadership





HealthSuite Digital Platform







Finance solutions





Reimbursement





Investor relations





Supplier relations





Annual report







About us





Careers





Compliance program





Consulting





Contact





Customer support





Enterprise Partnerships





Events calendar





Healthy Society





News





Press
















 ...







                    Healthcare
                







                    Healthcare
                




Innovation




Healthsuite ecosystem































A cloud-based platform
purpose-built for healthcare






Contact us


















Connected in the cloud
  



An open, secure platform of services, capabilities and tools designed to inspire and enable the development of next generation connected health and wellness innovations.








Play video























Our HealthSuite digital services



A tailored set of tools and resources optimized for healthcare innovation and co-creation of continuous health and personalized care applications
























Framework to build contextual predictive analytics and decision support algorithms and deploy machine learning functionality.
























Standards based interoperability between enabled apps and devices with third-party systems via FHIR, HL7, DICOM, IHE profiles, etc.
























Tools for workflow optimization, rules management, routine task automation and communications coordination.
































Managed infrastructure to deploy and continuously monitor app performance and systems health status.
























Securely identify and log all system users, authorize consent and ensure data privacy.
























Manage, update, monitor, and collect data from smart devices through secure and scalable IoT services.
























Acquire, manage, and archive data from applications and devices through a secure cloud-hosted repository.
























Empowering the next generation of connected health and wellness innovations

















HealthSuite digital platform offers both a native cloud-based infrastructure and the core services needed to develop and run a new generation of connected healthcare applications. 
 
Unlike other digital platforms, HealthSuite is purpose built for the complex challenges of healthcare, featuring deep clinical databases, patient privacy, industry standards and protocols, and personal and population data visualizations.






































Population health powered by data










HealthSuite digital platform is part of our Philips HealthSuite connected health ecosystem, giving healthcare organizations and health-tech developers the tools and services to create innovative health applications that can deliver a more personalized care experience for individuals and caregivers.
 
At the same time, a rich repository of data collected over time and from thousands of individual data points enables organizations to find patterns and insights to take on larger challenges in care delivery across entire populations.
























See the potential for chronic condition management










































Connecting care from the living room to the hospital room










































Easing the burden for people managing Type 1 diabetes










































Connect to Healthy –
A concept study 
 




































Connected for a healthier future





 The HealthSuite digital platform aims to help address the biggest challenges in hospital and at home, from patient to provider and beyond.
























Health system executives have the tools and technologies in place to enable a transition to value-based care.





























Connected for a healthier future





 The HealthSuite digital platform aims to help address the biggest challenges in hospital and at home, from patient to provider and beyond.
























Care providers can experience closer, more personalized connectivity at the point of care and across care settings.





























Connected for a healthier future





 The HealthSuite digital platform aims to help address the biggest challenges in hospital and at home, from patient to provider and beyond.
























Healthcare consumers are able to take more control of their personal health and wellness journeys.





























Connected for a healthier future





 The HealthSuite digital platform aims to help address the biggest challenges in hospital and at home, from patient to provider and beyond.
























Healthcare IT professionals can reduce infrastructure costs and better integrate their enterprises and infrastructures.





























Connected for a healthier future





 The HealthSuite digital platform aims to help address the biggest challenges in hospital and at home, from patient to provider and beyond.
























Independent software vendors are able to accelerate innovation, and build, scale and deploy applications faster and easier.









































Digital innovation through design thinking
  



HealthSuite labs is an engaging, interactive, fully facilitated series of strategy sessions structured to arrive at viable propositions to an individual healthcare challenge, and idenitfy an action plan. Our multidisciplinary team of clinical, research, design and digital experts work side-by-side with healthcare leaders and even patients to uncover insights and find concrete solutions.








Connect with us























Connected for a healthier future
  



Learn more about our Philips HealthSuite connected health ecosystem and our vision for care across the health continuum.
 
Go























  News




 Read more 














@PhilipsHealth
            
 
 Read more 














 By clicking on the link, you will be leaving the official Royal Philips Healthcare ("Philips") website. Any links to third-party websites that may appear on this site are provided only for your convenience and in no way represent any affiliation or endorsement of the information provided on those linked websites. Philips makes no representations or warranties of any kind with regard to any third-party websites or the information contained therein. 
 I understand 
































Product Platform |Improving Clinical Diagnostics | HealthTell
        
 



Product Platform – Changing Clinical DiagnosticsHome / Product Platform – Changing Clinical DiagnosticsMeasurements of HealthProduct Platform – Changing Clinical DiagnosticsReal-Time Monitoring of the Immune SystemResearchers have been attempting to develop noninvasive, blood-based clinical diagnostics for over 100 years. Remarkably, less than 30 new biomarkers have been approved since that time. The vast majority of these tests are relatively nonspecific or insensitive and few are effective early markers. In addition, there is growing concern that regular screening with these biomarkers may do more harm than good, since the large number of false positives translates to unnecessary therapeutic interventions that carry increased risk to the patient and increased cost to the healthcare system.disruptivePlatform2ImmunoSignature™ Technology may detect a broad range of diseases, patient stratification, and response to therapies.High-density Peptide Array PlatformAny disease that affects the immune response (autoimmune, cancer, infectious disease, metabolic and neurologic diseases) can potentially be measured using the ImmunoSignature™ Test. The basis for this unique platform is a high-density peptide array that is specially designed to query the myriad of antibodies present in a human blood sample. The fabrication of these arrays leverages equipment and processes similar to those used in the manufacturing of silicon-based electronics, making it scalable. Additional indications do not require a new product development process, rather a new algorithm.signature


Legal Terms of UsePrivacy Policy
HealthTell, Inc.
2420 Camino Ramon, Suite 125
San Ramon, CA 94583(925) 361-3115Email: info@healthtell.com

© HealthTell, Inc. 2015 - 2018 |  Web Development by Baytech Web Design.

          


Johnson & Johnson Announces Formation of New Health and Wellness Platform Designed to Transform Health Care Delivery and Improve the Patient Experience | Johnson & Johnson



































































Our Stories



Latest News




Innovation




Caring & Giving




Personal Stories




Health & Wellness




Our Heritage





Our Company



About J&J

Our Credo
Our Leadership Team
Strategic Framework
Corporate Governance
Diversity & Inclusion
Empowering Women
Innovation at J&J
Office of the Chief Medical Officer
J&J Health and Wellness Solutions
Policies & Statements
Code of Business Conduct
Corporate Reports





Products

Consumer Products
Medical Devices
Pharmaceutical Products





Procurement

Value Pillars
Supplier Diversity





Careers

What We Do
How We Hire
Job Spotlight
Students
Innovation
Career Stories





Media Center




Investors

Corporate Governance
Quarterly Results
SEC Filings 
News Releases
Pharmaceutical Pipeline
2016 Health for Humanity Report
Stock Information
Webcasts & Presentations 
Actelion Public Tender Offer





Our Societal Impact

Global Community Impact
Global Public Health
Citizenship & Sustainability Reporting 







Follow Us



Facebook




Twitter




YouTube




LinkedIn



























Share















            Corporate
            
        


Johnson & Johnson Announces Formation of New Health and Wellness Platform Designed to Transform Health Care Delivery and Improve the Patient Experience


New Patient Athlete™ Program Demonstrates Comprehensive Approach to Driving Sustained Behavior Change and Improved Outcomes
New Brunswick, N.J. (Feb. 26, 2015) – Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) today announced the formation of a new health and wellness platform that leverages the breadth of capabilities across its businesses. Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions, Inc. will facilitate the development and implementation of programs that focus on wellness and prevention, behavioral health, and chronic disease support, all focusing on improving the quality and vitality of life. The programs will leverage expertise from across the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies, including behavioral science, clinical knowledge and consumer insights, to move beyond product offerings to create holistic, consumer- and patient-centered solutions.Johnson & Johnson Chairman and CEO, Alex Gorsky, announced the formation of this initiative today in Orlando at the Lake Nona Impact Forum, which convened over 200 thought leaders from business, academia, government and industry sectors to drive creative and innovative health and wellness solutions. “Our focus is on driving innovation and progressing platforms and opportunities that will improve patient outcomes, control rising health care costs and enhance the patient experience,” said Alex Gorsky.Mr. Gorsky also previewed the Patient Athlete™ program as an example of this new comprehensive approach. The Patient Athlete™ program, developed by the Johnson & Johnson Human Performance Institute (a division of Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions) in partnership with DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson, helps joint replacement patients take their experience beyond pain reduction to learning how to bring their full and best energy to the people and things that matter most in their lives—both before and after their surgery.“The positive outcomes reported by both joint replacement surgeons and patients who used the program have reinforced our belief that the key to sustained behavior change requires alignment to an individual’s purpose, or what matters most in their lives,” said Len Greer, President of Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions. “The Patient Athlete program demonstrates how we are going beyond getting patients ‘back to normal’ to helping them achieve a ‘better than normal’ new life, reflecting our commitment to help individuals live vibrant and longer lives.”Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions will focus on three areas: developing health care solutions to improve patient and consumer experiences and outcomes and lower costs; providing innovative behavior modification programs and services to health plans and systems through its commercial business, formerly known as Wellness & Prevention, Inc.; and supporting employee health and wellness within the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies, with a goal of maintaining the healthiest workforce in the world. This will be achieved by combining its capabilities in behavior modification (including digital coaching and energy management training), patient engagement design, health care analytics, and deep clinical expertise with products offered by businesses across Johnson & Johnson.About Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness SolutionsJohnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions, Inc. serves as the center of excellence for Johnson & Johnson’s capabilities in behavior modification, patient/consumer experience, health care analytics and coaching platforms. It offers an integrated portfolio of solutions to cover a broad spectrum of health management – from wellness and prevention, to behavioral health, to chronic disease support. These solutions are designed to improve outcomes, control costs and enhance the patient and consumer experience. Its guiding purpose is to invest energy toward vibrant and longer lives.For more information about Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions, visit http://www.jnjhws.com and http://www.hpinstitute.com. DePuy Synthes CompaniesDePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson provides the most comprehensive orthopaedic and neurological solutions in the world. The company offers an unparalleled breadth of products, services, programs and research and development capabilities. DePuy Synthes Companies’ solutions in the specialties of joint reconstruction, trauma, neurological, craniomaxillofacial, spinal surgery and sports medicine are designed to advance patient care while delivering clinical and economic value to health care systems worldwide. For more information visit, www.depuysynthes.com.For more information about the Patient Athlete™ program go to https://www.depuysynthes.com/providers/driving-demand/patient-athlete-program###Media ContactCaren KenneySr. Director, Thought Leadership508-942-4407ckenney1@its.jnj.com


Note on Forward-Looking Statements(This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions, Inc. and/or Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: uncertainty of commercial success of new products and the ability to successfully execute strategic plans; competition, including technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; changes in behavior and spending patterns or financial distress of purchasers of health care products and services; global health care changes resulting in pricing pressures and trends toward health care cost containment. A further list and description of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2014, including in Exhibit 99 thereto, and the company's subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request from Johnson & Johnson. Neither Johnson & Johnson Health and Wellness Solutions, Inc. nor Johnson & Johnson undertakes to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.)












































































Innovating meaningful healthcare | Philips Healthcare


































Philips





Healthcare








Healthcare










Products & Services





Education & Resources





Specialties





Innovation





Financial





About




































                            Search terms
                        
















All products





Clinical solutions





Consulting





Customer service solutions





Upgrades & trade-ins





Population Health







Education & Training





FieldStrength





Find a course





Resource library





COPD insider







Clinical specialties





Business and government





Non-clinical specialties







Our innovation story





Research & Exploration





News





Thought Leadership





HealthSuite Digital Platform







Finance solutions





Reimbursement





Investor relations





Supplier relations





Annual report







About us





Careers





Compliance program





Consulting





Contact





Customer support





Enterprise Partnerships





Events calendar





Healthy Society





News





Press











































Enhancing the patient and staff experience

 
Is the connection between your patient’s experience and their imaging outcomes clear?







                           Download the radiology position paper now






































Specialties

Cardiology, radiology, critical care and more










































Products

For your hospital, home and community








































Innovation

Research and exploration
















































Future Health Index 2017


 
With Future Health Index, we are inspiring healthcare leaders to explore how connected care can deliver a better future of health for all.








Read the report
























Introducing Philips Azurion – a new generation image guided therapy platform


































You can quickly and confidently perform procedures with a unique user experience, helping to optimize your lab performance and provide superior care. By uniting clinical excellence with workflow innovation, Azurion is future-ready, allowing you to grow your service line over time.
 
Learn more































                Real-time, multi-workspot technology
                

























                Parallel workflow productivity
                

























                Intuitive, user-friendly interface
                
























  News




 Read More 














@PhilipsHealth
            
 
 Read more 







































Government

VA and DoD solutions and services






































Dental professionals

Oral healthcare products, training, tools






































Lighting

Professional and consumer lighting





















 By clicking on the link, you will be leaving the official Royal Philips Healthcare ("Philips") website. Any links to third-party websites that may appear on this site are provided only for your convenience and in no way represent any affiliation or endorsement of the information provided on those linked websites. Philips makes no representations or warranties of any kind with regard to any third-party websites or the information contained therein. 
 I understand 

































Health Platforms, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:26 PM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of Health Platforms, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Health Platforms, Inc. provides a platform that connects patients and healthcare providers online. It offers patients with tools to find, evaluate, and engage with the healthcare providers to address specific needs and preferences. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in New York, New York.


253 West 72nd StreetSuite 1701New York, NY 10023United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 212-203-1235

www.doctor.com







Key Executives for Health Platforms, Inc.




Mr. Andrei Zimiles


      	Co-Founder and President
      








Mr. Gary Millin


      	Co-Founder and Executive Chairman
      








 Reed Mollins


      	Co-Founder and Vice President of Business Development
      








Mr. David Brooks


      	Co-Founder and Marketing Advisor
      








Mr. L. Gordon Moore M.D.


      	Chief Medical Advisor
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 [m]pirik LLC United States 1747, Inc. United States 1EQ, Inc. United States 1healthy.world, inc. United States 20over8, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 16, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Health Platforms, Inc., please visit www.doctor.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Health Platforms Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























health platforms inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Internet Media
Health Platforms, Inc. provides a platform that connects patients and healthcare providers online. The Company offers patients with tools to find, evaluate, and engage with the healthcare providers to address specific needs and preferences. Health Platforms serves patients and healthcare providers in the State of New York.




Corporate Information
Address:

200 West 72nd Street
Suite 8J
New York, NY 10023
United States


Phone:
1-212-203-1235


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.doctor.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 

HealthSaaS | The Internet of Things (IoT) Platform for Healthcare




















































 





















The Internet of Things (IoT) Platform for Healthcare

 



 


 

 













 
Connecting Health Solutions Across the Continuum of Care 
 
The HealthSaaS Platform

Telehealth monitoring and Population Health engagement solutions
HIPAA secure and compliant data to the "point of care"
Device and Platform Agnostic

 
 
Remote monitoring
for continuous patient care

Relevant and actionable data for clinicians
Enables rapid response and early intervention
Reduces admissions and readmissions

 
 
Empower patient
engagement

Enhance personalized care plans
Monitor patient adherence
Improve outcomes

 








Home HealthHealthSaaS can help home health agencies improve efficiencies in this new environment of Healthcare Reform. read moreProvidersHealthSaaS helps provider networks achieve their financial goals by utilizing effective technology solutions.read moreResearchersHealthSaaS research study tools and services improve data quality which enables sponsors to be more confident in their results.read morepayorsHealthSaaS offers results-driven solutions to help manage costs while helping Payors shift to pay for performance business models.read more


The shift from volume to value, from episode to continuity of care, from fixing to preventing, from institution to the home, and from the patient to the person/population…is profound and transformative.
 
HealthSaaS is an industry leader in driving all of these factors
 
At HealthSaaS, we have a genuine curiosity that inspires us to think differently. We exist to challenge the status quo and are driven by a sense of purpose to empower every segment of the healthcare industry.
HealthSaaS is a thought leader in healthcare interoperability solutions that enable meaningful exchange of patient-driven data. Our cloud‐based IoT services provide health IT companies, clinicians, hospitals, pharmacies and home health organizations with a secure, vendor‐neutral infrastructure that provides just in time data to facilitate early interventions and reduce readmissions for chronic condition patients.
The HealthSaaS Platform provides chronic disease management services for clinicians and their patients who suffer from conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, heart failure, COPD, asthma and chronic pain.
HealthSaaS technologies:

 Work in the home, as well as long-term and post-acute care settings
Normalize and visualize patient driven data for hospitals and clinicians
Provide early intervention alerting tools so clinicians can reduce hospitalizations
Helps reduce readmissions and associated penalties as defined in the Affordable Care Act
Reduces the need to move patients to more intensive, higher-cost care settings

 
Sandra Elliott, Director, Consumer Technology and Service Development, Meridian Health said “The HealthSaaS IoT Platform enables Meridian Health to offer solution based information to the clinicians in an actionable manner,” “The ability to provide a low cost, end-to-end solution will ultimately create the most value for providers and patients.”

 
 

Here are a few of our recent highlights:
HealthSaaS @HealthSaaS


HealthSaaS
 @HealthSaaS https://t.co/G4eK8VJLMM&nbsp

Jul 14
reply
retweet
favorite
2 weeks ago





HealthSaaS
 @HealthSaaS https://t.co/rR4mZ93oG3  https://t.co/rXWXcgK1ih&nbsp

Jun 15
reply
retweet
favorite
1 month ago





HealthSaaS
 @HealthSaaS"New Jersey Innovation Institute"  https://t.co/PC7EW4VIMd on @LinkedIn&nbsp

Jun 14
reply
retweet
favorite
1 month ago


Follow @HealthSaaS
More












﻿		




 


























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































