










 







Heartis Mid-Cities Investors, LP - Other Real Estate- Caddis Partners, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Heartis Mid-Cities Investors, LP

      Industry: Other Real Estate
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    5910 N. Central Expressway Suite 1400 
    Dallas, TX, 75206Phone: 214-916-5750 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-06


New


$6,037,165


$6,037,165


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 * Caddis Partners, Llc 
 Promoter 


 * Heartis Mid Cities Gp, Llc 
 Director, Promoter 


 Matthew J Mattox 
 Director, Promoter 


 Joseph W Panter 
 Director, Promoter 


 Jason L Signor 
 Director, Promoter 


 James T Wopnford 
 Director, Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Heartis Fayetteville Investors, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Heartis Fayetteville Investors, LP
List of persons related to the company Heartis Fayetteville Investors, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Heartis Fayetteville Investors, LP.

CIK Number: 0001689760IRS Number: 813702877Company address: 5910 N. CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY SUITE 1400 DALLAS 75206Phone number: 214-953-0053



People related to Heartis Fayetteville Investors, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountry*  Caddis Partners, LLC5910 N. Central Expressway Suite 1400DallasTX*  Heartis Fayetteville GP, LLC5910 N. Central Expressway Suite 1400DallasTXT Wopnford  James5616 N. Scottsdale Road Paradise ValleyAZL Signor  Jason5910 N. Central Expressway Suite 1400DallasTXW Panter  Joseph6440 Ironwood Drive Paradise ValleyAZJ Mattox  Matthew5910 N. Central Expressway Suite 1400DallasTX




Heartis Fayetteville Investors, LP on the Web
Related companiesHeartis Amarillo Partners, L.P., Heartis Arlington Partners, LP, Heartis Clear Lake Partners, L.P., Heartis Cypress Partners, L.P., Heartis Fountainview Partners, L.P., Heartis Mid-Cities Investors, LP, Heartis Orland Park Partners, L.P., Heartis Peoria Partners, L.P., Heartis San Antonio Partners, L.P., Heartis Suwanee Investors, LP, Heartis Waco Partners, L.P., Heartistry, LLC












 








Heartis Suwanee Investors, LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Heartis Suwanee Investors, LP  Funding details


Heartis Suwanee Investors, LP Industry: Other Real EstateCIK Number: 0001711224IRS Number: 821669333Address: 5910 N. CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY SUITE 1400 DALLAS 75206Phone number: 214-916-5750



Latest news
Heartis Suwanee Investors, LP raised $3,375,000 from 52 investors on 2017-07-07.



Heartis Suwanee Investors, LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-07-07New Form D$3,400,000$3,375,000$25,000$25,0005206b[SEC Filing]The total remaining to be sold is $0.  The offering has been closed and no additional sales will be made.
Heartis Suwanee Investors, LP raised $3,375,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Heartis Suwanee Investors, LP
Key People in Heartis Suwanee Investors, LP:

* Heartis Suwanee GP, LLCJason SignorLance HardenburgCarl Soderstrom* Caddis Partners, LLC
Similar companiesHeartis Amarillo Partners, L.P., Heartis Cypress Partners, L.P., Heartis Clear Lake Partners, L.P., Heartis San Antonio Partners, L.P., Heartis Waco Partners, L.P., Heartis Arlington Partners, LP, Heartistry, LLC, Heartis Peoria Partners, L.P., Heartis Fountainview Partners, L.P., Heartis Orland Park Partners, L.P., Heartis Fayetteville Investors, LP, Heartis Mid-Cities Investors, LP








Last visited companies: SAPERE CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES OFFSHORE QUALIFIED FUND LTD, SAPERE CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES QUALIFIED FUND LP, SCORE TECHNOLOGIES INC., Sandhills Financial Services, LLC, Scio Diamond Technology Corp

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Heartis Arlington Partners, LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Heartis Arlington Partners, LP  Funding details


Heartis Arlington Partners, LP Industry: Other Real EstateCIK Number: 0001635107IRS Number: 471290585Address: 5910 N. CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY SUITE 200 DALLAS 75206Phone number: 214-916-5750



Latest news
Heartis Arlington Partners, LP raised $4,300,000 from 32 investors on 2015-02-26.



Heartis Arlington Partners, LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2015-02-26New Form D$4,400,000$4,300,000$100,000$25,0003206b[SEC Filing]The total remaining to be sold is $0.00.  The offering has been closed, and no additional sales will be conducted.
Heartis Arlington Partners, LP raised $4,300,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Heartis Arlington Partners, LP
Key People in Heartis Arlington Partners, LP:

* Heartis Arlington GP, LLCJason SignorMatthew MattoxJoseph PanterJames Wopnford* Caddis Partners, LLC
Similar companiesHeartis Amarillo Partners, L.P., Heartis Cypress Partners, L.P., Heartis Clear Lake Partners, L.P., Heartis San Antonio Partners, L.P., Heartis Waco Partners, L.P., Heartistry, LLC, Heartis Peoria Partners, L.P., Heartis Fountainview Partners, L.P., Heartis Orland Park Partners, L.P., Heartis Fayetteville Investors, LP, Heartis Mid-Cities Investors, LP, Heartis Suwanee Investors, LP








Last visited companies: Fotobabble, Inc., GYNESONICS, INC, Glenrose Fund, LP, Global Diversified Managed Futures Fund, Global Entrepreneur Group, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.


















Heartis MidCities Senior Living Facility - Construction Project in Tarrant Texas


































































Contact Us  
                |





                                    No Items in Cart  
                








My Account
Pricing
Dodge Global Network
DocuPro Mobile
Why Dodge






                    Put Dodge to work for you. Call:























    		Searching and viewing Dodge Reports is FREE at the Dodge
    		Lead Center. Sign In to view more projects or Register Now.













          Search Bidding Projects:
        



Select a State

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Québec
Saskatchewan
Yukon Territory







          Include:
        


All Project Types
Residential
Commercial
Transportation
Industrial
Education
Recreation
Public Buildings
Medical
Laboratories
Hotels & Motels
Dormitories
Federal Facilities
Animal/Plant/Fish Facilities
Communications Buildings
Religious & Funeral
Utilities
Engineering






Search Tips


Search Tip
              Search the Dodge Lead Center for projects that are Bidding Now! Speak to an Expert to learn more about all of the projects available at Dodge.



















































Get your information in Dodge
Make sure Dodge has your correct information listed on all the projects you are bidding. Click Here to be added or deleted from the bidders list on any of our reports






Need Help? Contact Customer Support


                    Call now: 1-877-903-1909 
                    Email: eSupport@construction.com
                    Visit the Help Center for Assistance




















Track This Project

Project tracking is available only to subscribers.
                                                            Join Now














                            Heartis MidCities Senior Living Facility
            





Valuation:
            
                                                            N/A
                                                

Owner Type:
                                    Private 



                Bid Ends:
                                                                                                Aug 2, 2016




Location:
                                     TX (Tarrant)   
                            
Report #:
                
                                     201300598256 v. 13                               











Description:
                                                                    
                            







Documents in this Project












The full project report includes up to 131 fields of additional information, including:




Bidders List
Searchable Specs
Structural Information
Key Bid Contacts
Plans
Project Updates








                    What does the full Dodge Report include? 
Dodge Report    
                                                                Dodge BidPro Report









 








Dodge Report
 Immediate Access  



 Dodge Global Network
Monthly Prepaid 



Dodge Select 
Monthly 








$59 Per Report
 
Regions Starting at



$79.20 / Month



Prepaid
 
20 Views for $99/Month for each Region 

 











                View Plans & Pricing Details
            













*** Note - The Dodge Lead Center provides a targeted selection of timely Bidding projects from the Dodge database. The search results do not represent the breadth of Dodge data and therefore should not be used for comparison purposes. For more information, please consult a Dodge Expert. 











Terms of Use |
            Privacy Policy |
            About Us |
            Customer Care |
            Schedule A Demo |
            FAQ



Dodge Solutions for Contractors |
                Dodge Solutions for Building Product Manufacturers 
 ©  Dodge Data & Analytics
            




ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES

 
 









webtrendsRequestDescriptor



Name
Value



"WT.ti"
"mhc|dg|Shop : View Product : Heartis MidCities Senior Living Facility"


"WT.cg_n"
"mhc_dg|dodge store"


"WT.cg_s"
"project view"


"WT.si_n"
"mhc_dg_shopping_dodge"


"WT.si_x"
"1"


"WT.pn_sku"
"TX"


"WT.pn_sc"
"20000"


"WT.tx_u"
"1"


"WT.tx_e"
"v"


"WT.seg_1"
"anonymous"


"WT.dcsaut"
""


"WT.dcsvid"
""


"debug.event"
"prodView"


"debug.productId"
"155564943"


"debug.categoryId"
"545008"






















Tagged for Eloqua



















Heartis | Seniors Living















































CARE FOR EVERY LIFESTYLE
Heartis offers four lifestyle options to meet our residents' needs. 


INDEPENDENT LIVING:
Our Independent Living apartments combine maximum independence and comfort with 24/7 security. 


ASSISTED LIVING:
Assisted Living residences provide more personal care, including help with meals, medication, bathing, and dressing. 


MEMORY CARE:
Heartis specializes in Memory Care. Each resident receives an individualized care plan to maximize everyday living.


INTEGRATED HEALTH CARE*:
Our Integrated Health Care program combines personal care assistance with medical care, providing a coordinated care plan.

*Not available in all locations






























 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | Funded.com, LLC



























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Financial Services
 > 
Funded.com, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Funded.com, LLC



Submit a Review

































Funded.com, LLC






            Business Information
        






(888) 223-4776

Funded.com, LLC
10 years in business

        1405 Silver Lake Rd NW Ste 8
        New Brighton, MN 55112-9311
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 01/26/2010
            

                Business Started: 01/01/2007


                Business Started Locally: 01/01/2007
            

                Business Incorporated: 01/16/2008 in MN





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mark Favre, Owner/Manager
                






            Business Category
        


                Financial Services
            







            Service Area
        
         TWIN CITIES METRO - 11 COUNTY

    



 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


According to the information provided by funded.com this company helps clients and companies find resources for Angel Investors, venture capital, business leaders and equity partners to help raise money for growing and start up companies.

 












Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










Business Profile














Hours of Operation:





                
M-F 9am-5pm EST 








BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Funded.com, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Funded.com, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 01/26/2010










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    




[10] Total Customer Complaints
                        


















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 






































 








