




















 



 Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering 

        










    










 













 











 



















Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering
        																					
																											
																																															
              

          Company Will Trade on NASDAQ Capital Market as "HEBT"
        











 News provided by
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.  
Dec 23, 2016, 17:25 ET









 Share this article




























































WENZHOU, China, Dec. 23, 2016 / PRNewswire/ -- Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. ("Hebron" or the "Company"), a developer, manufacturer and installer of valves and pipe fittings for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering ("IPO") of 2,695,442 common shares at a price of $4.00 per share. Hebron's common shares are expected to begin trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market on December 27, 2016 under the ticker symbol "HEBT".
Spartan Securities Group, Ltd. acted as sole placement agent for the offering.








Hebron's registration statement relating to the IPO has been filed with, and declared effective by, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.
The Offering of the securities is made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained by contacting Spartan Securities Group, Ltd., 15500 Roosevelt Blvd, Suite 303, Clearwater, Florida 33760. For English inquiries, use attention: Micah Eldred, CEO or email micah@spartansecurities.com or by calling +1 (727)-502-0508; for Chinese inquiries, use attention: Jin Long Liu or email jliu@spartansecurities.com. 
About Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.
Established in January 2005 and headquartered in Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China, Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. ("Hebron" or the "Company") engages in research, development, and manufacture of highly specialized valves and pipe fitting products for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries. The Company also offers its customers comprehensive pipeline design, installation, construction, and ongoing maintenance services as holistic solution services. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This press release contains information about Hebron's view of its future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from historical results or those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties associated with its ability to raise additional funding, its ability to maintain and grow its business, variability of operating results, its ability to maintain and enhance its brand, its development and introduction of new products and services, the successful integration of acquired companies, technologies and assets into its portfolio of products and services, marketing and other business development initiatives, competition in the industry, general government regulation, economic conditions, dependence on key personnel, the ability to attract, hire and retain personnel who possess the technical skills and experience necessary to meet the requirements of its clients, and its ability to protect its intellectual property. Hebron encourages you to review other factors that may affect its future results in Hebron's registration statement and in its other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
For more information, please contact:
At the Company
Yingping Chen, SecretaryPhone: +86-180-6776-3129
Investor RelationsTony Tian, CFA                  Weitian Group LLCEmail: tony.tian@weitian-ir.comPhone: +1-732-910-9692
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hebron-technology-co-ltd-announces-pricing-of-initial-public-offering-300383510.html
SOURCE Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.



 












Mar 10, 2017, 16:15 ET
Preview: Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire B2B E-Commerce Company






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jun 26, 2017, 06:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Signs Framework Agreement to Form JV...








 

Jun 14, 2017, 07:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry Summit





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Food & Beverages
  Banking & Financial Services
  Biotechnology
  Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy
  Machinery








 You just read:
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering


 News provided by
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.  
Dec 23, 2016, 17:25 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 























 



 Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry Summit 
         










    










 













 











 



















Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry Summit
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.  
Jun 14, 2017, 07:30 ET









 Share this article




























































WENZHOU, China, June 14, 2017 / PRNewswire/ -- Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. ("Hebron" or the "Company") (Nasdaq:   HEBT), a developer, manufacturer and installer of valves and pipe fittings for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries, today announced that it has attended and sponsored the inaugural traditional Chinese medicine ("TCM") Industry Development Summit (the "Summit") which took place June 11, 2017 in Foshan City, Guangdong Province, China. The Summit, organized by the China Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine (the "CATCM") with Hebron among the co-sponsors, drew more than 100 attendees from government agencies, leading research institutes and more than 78 enterprises. Mr. Anyuan Sun, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hebron, delivered a speech at the Summit, highlighting the recent developments at the Company following its successful IPO in December 2016, including new product development, project updates and new corporate initiatives.  
"We are proud to join the CATCM as one of organizers and sponsors of the Summit, which brought together TCM industry leaders and academics from both China and Japan and provided a great venue for showcasing Hebron as not only a developer, manufacturer and installer of valves and pipe fittings but also a holistic engineering solution provider for pharmaceutical and TCM companies," said Mr. Sun.








About Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.
Established in January 2005 and headquartered in Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China, Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. engages in research, development, and manufacture of highly specialized valves and pipe fitting products for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries. Hebron also offers its customers comprehensive pipeline design, installation, construction, and ongoing maintenance services as holistic solution services. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This press release contains information about Hebron's view of its future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from historical results or those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties associated with its ability to raise additional funding, its ability to maintain and grow its business, variability of operating results, its ability to maintain and enhance its brand, its development and introduction of new products and services, the successful integration of acquired companies, technologies and assets into its portfolio of products and services, marketing and other business development initiatives, competition in the industry, general government regulation, economic conditions, dependence on key personnel, the ability to attract, hire and retain personnel who possess the technical skills and experience necessary to meet the requirements of its clients, and its ability to protect its intellectual property. Hebron encourages you to review other factors that may affect its future results in Hebron's registration statement and in its other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
For more information, please contact:
At the Company Yingping Chen, SecretaryPhone: +86-180-6776-3129
Investor RelationsTony Tian, CFA                  Weitian Group LLCEmail: tony.tian@weitian-ir.com Phone: +1-732-910-9692
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hebron-technology-co-ltd-sponsors-tcm-industry-summit-300473234.html
SOURCE Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.



 












Jun 26, 2017, 06:30 ET
Preview: Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Signs Framework Agreement to Form JV with Ukrainian Company













May 24, 2017, 06:30 ET
Preview: Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Wins Bid for a Project at Leading Pharmaceutical Company in Tianjin






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jun 26, 2017, 06:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Signs Framework Agreement to Form JV...








 

May 24, 2017, 06:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Wins Bid for a Project at Leading...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Equipment
  Supplementary Medicine
Trade Show News








 You just read:
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry Summit


 News provided by
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.  
Jun 14, 2017, 07:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry Summit - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry Summit









PR Newswire




Jun 14, 2017 7:30 AM EDT













 


















































 WENZHOU, China, June 14, 2017 / PRNewswire/ -- Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. (" Hebron" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: HEBT), a developer, manufacturer and installer of valves and pipe fittings for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries, today announced that it has attended and sponsored the inaugural traditional Chinese medicine ("TCM") Industry Development Summit (the "Summit") which took place June 11, 2017 in Foshan City, Guangdong Province, China. The Summit, organized by the China Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine (the "CATCM") with Hebron among the co-sponsors, drew more than 100 attendees from government agencies, leading research institutes and more than 78 enterprises. Mr. Anyuan Sun, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hebron, delivered a speech at the Summit, highlighting the recent developments at the Company following its successful IPO in December 2016, including new product development, project updates and new corporate initiatives.   "We are proud to join the CATCM as one of organizers and sponsors of the Summit, which brought together TCM industry leaders and academics from both China and Japan and provided a great venue for showcasing Hebron as not only a developer, manufacturer and installer of valves and pipe fittings but also a holistic engineering solution provider for pharmaceutical and TCM companies," said Mr. Sun.  About Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


Sprint's Chairman Proposes Merger With Charter Communications











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:43 PM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd., through its subsidiaries, researches, develops, manufactures, and installs valves, pipe fittings, and other products primarily for use in pharmaceutical engineering construction in the People’s Republic of China. The company offers diaphragm valves, angle seat valves, sanitary centrifugal and liquid-ring pumps, clean-in-place return pumps, sanitary ball valves, and sanitary pipe fittings. It also provides pipeline design, installation, construction, ongoing maintenance, and after-sales services. The company offers its fluid equipment and installation services for use the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries. Hebron Technology ...
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd., through its subsidiaries, researches, develops, manufactures, and installs valves, pipe fittings, and other products primarily for use in pharmaceutical engineering construction in the People’s Republic of China. The company offers diaphragm valves, angle seat valves, sanitary centrifugal and liquid-ring pumps, clean-in-place return pumps, sanitary ball valves, and sanitary pipe fittings. It also provides pipeline design, installation, construction, ongoing maintenance, and after-sales services. The company offers its fluid equipment and installation services for use the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries. Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Wenzhou, the People’s Republic of China.
Detailed Description


No. 936, Jinhai 2rd RoadKonggang New AreaLongwan DistrictWenzhou,  ChinaFounded in 201287 Employees



Phone: 86 577 8689 5678

Fax: 86 577 8689 9698

www.hebrontechnology.com







Key Executives for Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.




Mr.  Anyuan Sun


      	Chairman of Board and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 40
        

Total Annual Compensation: $30.1K








Mr. Steven Fu


      	Chief Financial Officer and Director
      


Age: 45
        

Total Annual Compensation: $100.0K








Mr. Xiaoliang Xue


      	Chief Technical Officer
      


Age: 32
        

Total Annual Compensation: $18.1K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Key Developments

Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Signs Framework Agreement to Form Joint Venture with Research and Product Complex BioPromin Ltd
Jun 26 17
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. announced that it has signed a framework cooperation agreement to form a joint venture (JV) with Research and Product Complex BioPromin Ltd. Pursuant to the Agreement executed by and between the Company and BioPromin on June 16, 2017, the parties have agreed to establish the JV to develop, manufacture, and market BioPromin's proprietary noninvasive blood analyzing devices in China. The JV will be based in Konggang New Area, Longgang District, Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province with registered capital of $5 million and total investment of up to $50 million. Hebron will own 80% of the JV, with BioPromin owning the remaining 20%. BioPromin will also have the right of first refusal to acquire an additional 5% ownership in the JV from Hebron. The formation of the JV is subject to the two parties signing a final definitive agreement, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.


Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Wins Bid for a Project at Pharmaceutical Company in Tianjin
May 24 17
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. announced that it has won a bid on the design and implementation of an oil-free compressed air pipe project (the "Project") at a pharmaceutical production facility owned by Tianjin Chase Sun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ("Chase Sun").


Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Reports Consolidated Earnings Results for the Six Months and Full Year Ended December 31, 2016
Apr 11 17
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. reported consolidated earnings results for the six months and full year ended December 31, 2016. For the six months, the company reported revenues of $16.4 million against $13.9 million a year ago. Operating income was $5.1 million against $3.9 million a year ago. Net income was $3.8 million against $2.8 million a year ago. Diluted earnings per share were $0.31 against $0.24 a year ago. The increase in total Revenue was related to increase in revenues from both installation service and fluid equipment sales. The increase in operating income was due to the combined effect of an increase in revenues and decrease in operating expenses. 

For the year, the company reported revenues of $27.1 million against $23.0 million a year ago. Operating income was $8.0 million against $6.1 million a year ago. Net income was $5.9 million against $4.4 million a year ago. Basic and diluted earnings per share were $0.49 against $0.37 a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.6 million for the year of 2016, compared to $3.9 million for 2015. Income from operations was $7,980,546 against $6,013,345 a year ago. Income before income taxes was $7,937,352 against $6,013,345 a year ago. Acquisitions of property and equipment were $7,667 against $239,917 a year ago.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 A°Kitchen Asia Air-sys Refrigeration Engineering Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Asia Aire-Plus Technology(SIP) Co.,Ltd. Asia AmeriAsia Advanced Activated Carbon Products Co., Ltd. Asia Anhui Airuite Environmental Technology Co., Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      March 10, 2017
			    
Shanghai Xinxiao Co., Ltd.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Hebron Technology Co., Ltd., please visit www.hebrontechnology.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































































Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry Summit - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry Summit






Jun 14, 2017, 7:30am EDT














WENZHOU, China, June 14, 2017 / PRNewswire/ -- Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. ("Hebron" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: HEBT), a developer, manufacturer and installer of valves and pipe fittings for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries, today announced that it has attended and sponsored the inaugural traditional Chinese medicine ("TCM") Industry Development Summit (the "Summit") which took place June 11, 2017 in Foshan City, Guangdong Province, China. The Summit, organized by the China Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine (the "CATCM") with Hebron among the co-sponsors, drew more than 100 attendees from government agencies, leading research institutes and more than 78 enterprises. Mr. Anyuan Sun, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hebron, delivered a speech at the Summit, highlighting the recent developments at the Company following its successful IPO in December 2016, including new product development, project updates and new corporate initiatives.  
"We are proud to join the CATCM as one of organizers and sponsors of the Summit, which brought together TCM industry leaders and academics from both China and Japan and provided a great venue for showcasing Hebron as not only a developer, manufacturer and installer of valves and pipe fittings but also a holistic engineering solution provider for pharmaceutical and TCM companies," said Mr. Sun.
About Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.
Established in January 2005 and headquartered in Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China, Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. engages in research, development, and manufacture of highly specialized valves and pipe fitting products for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries. Hebron also offers its customers comprehensive pipeline design, installation, construction, and ongoing maintenance services as holistic solution services. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This press release contains information about Hebron's view of its future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from historical results or those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties associated with its ability to raise additional funding, its ability to maintain and grow its business, variability of operating results, its ability to maintain and enhance its brand, its development and introduction of new products and services, the successful integration of acquired companies, technologies and assets into its portfolio of products and services, marketing and other business development initiatives, competition in the industry, general government regulation, economic conditions, dependence on key personnel, the ability to attract, hire and retain personnel who possess the technical skills and experience necessary to meet the requirements of its clients, and its ability to protect its intellectual property. Hebron encourages you to review other factors that may affect its future results in Hebron's registration statement and in its other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
For more information, please contact:
At the Company Yingping Chen, SecretaryPhone: +86-180-6776-3129
Investor RelationsTony Tian, CFA                  Weitian Group LLCEmail: tony.tian@weitian-ir.com Phone: +1-732-910-9692
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hebron-technology-co-ltd-sponsors-tcm-industry-summit-300473234.html
SOURCE  Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  




Hebron Technology Co Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















hebron technology co ltd
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Manufactured Goods
Sub-Industry: Fabricated Metal & Hardware
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. develops and manufactures valves and pipe fittings. The Company offers pipeline design, installation, construction, and ongoing maintenance services, as well as holistic solution services. Hebron Technology serves the pharmaceuticals, biology, food, and beverage industries in Shanghai, Wenzhou, and Taiwan.




Corporate Information
Address:

No 587,15th Rd, 3rd Av, Binhai
Park, Eco & Tech Development Z
Wenzhou, 325000
China


Phone:
86-577-8689-5678


Fax:
86-577-8689-9698


Web url:
www.xibolun.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company


Anyuan Sun
Hebron Technology Co Ltd








Chief Financial Officer
Company


Steven Fu
Hebron Technology Co Ltd








Board Members
Company














Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Signs Framework Agreement to Form JV with Ukrainian Company

Jun 26, 2017



Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry Summit

Jun 14, 2017



Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Wins Bid for a Project at Leading Pharmaceutical Company in Tianjin

May 24, 2017



Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Announces Second Half and Full Year 2016 Financial Results

Apr 11, 2017



Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Among Sponsor Members of a Newly Formed TCM Equipment Industry Alliance

Apr 04, 2017



Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire B2B E-Commerce Company

Mar 10, 2017



Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. (Nasdaq: HEBT) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell

Mar 10, 2017






Key Executives


Anyuan Sun


Chairman/CEO




Steven Fu


Chief Financial Officer




Xiaoliang Xue


Chief Technical Officer




Xiao Jin


Controller







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Hebron Technology Co Ltd (HEBT.OQ)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Hebron Technology Co Ltd (HEBT.OQ)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				HEBT.OQ on NASDAQ Stock Exchange Capital Market


				3.45USD
4:00pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.04


					            (+1.17%)
					        






Prev Close

$3.41


Open

$3.38




Day's High

$3.51


Day's Low

$3.36




Volume

28,219


Avg. Vol

10,179




52-wk High

$7.02


52-wk Low

$2.51












					Full Description



Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. is engaged in developing, manufacturing and providing customized installation of valves and pipe fittings for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries. The Company offers its customers with pipeline design, installation, construction, ongoing maintenance services, as well as holistic solution services. The Company is specialized in installing valves and pipes for customers that require customized fluid control system solutions. The Company is also specialized in designing and implementing solutions services for industries with a need for sanitary fluid systems with product manufacture, installation services and after-sales services.The Company's product line focuses on the pharmaceutical engineering sector, as its products are used in the medical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries. The Company's product line includes Diaphragm Valves, Angle Seat Valves, Sanitary Liquid-Ring Pumps, Clean-in-Place (CIP) Return Pump, Sanitary Ball Valves and Sanitary Pipe Fittings. The Company's Diaphragm Valves has various variations of the diaphragm valve, including its flagship product, the process control diaphragm valve, as well as the pneumatic diaphragm valve, manual diaphragm valve, three-way diaphragm valve and diaphragm tank bottom valve. These valves are used in the bio-pharmacy, bio-vaccines, electronic semiconductor, water purification, and food and beverage industries. The Company's Angle Seat Valve is a pneumatic valve, which is used in the process of food and chemicals, and sterilization, including high-pressure sterilization.The Company's Sanitary Liquid-Ring Pump is a self-priming pump specially designed for pumping with gas or other gas liquids. This pump is used in the food, chemical and pharmaceutical industries. The Company's CIP return pump is specially designed for pumping with gas or other gas liquids. This pump is used in the food, chemical and pharmaceutical industries. In addition, this pump can be used with volatiles, such as alcohol, acetone or other solvents and near the boiling point temperature of other liquids. The Company's Sanitary Ball Valves are used in the biological, pharmaceutical, water purification, food and beverage industries and are designed for ease of operations and rapid opening and closing. The Company's Sanitary Pipe Fittings are used in biological, pharmaceutical, water purification, electronics and semi-conductor fields and are used in the water injection process.The Company competes with GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft, Austar International, Shanghai Langmai Clean Technology Co., Ltd., Sensong Group, Shandong Weifang Regal Circulation Equipment Co., Nanjing Inavo Bio-engineering Co.,Ltd., GEMU Gebr. Muller Apparatebau GmbH & Co. KG, Christian Burkert GmbH & Co. KG, Crane Process Flow Technologies Ltd., Wenzhou Baiji Machinery Manufacturing Co., Ltd. and Ningbo Information Pharmaceutical Equipment Co., Ltd.

» Full Overview of HEBT.OQ







					Company Address



Hebron Technology Co Ltd
000WENZHOU   ZHJ   325000
P: +86577.86895678







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Anyuan Sun

32,544




							 Steven Fu

100,000




							 Xiaoliang Xue

19,526




							 Xiao Jin

--




							 Zuoqiao Sun Zhang

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Hebron Technology Co Ltd News




BRIEF-Hebron Tech signs framework agreement to form JV with Ukrainian company

Jun 26 2017 
BRIEF-Hebron Technology Co wins bid on design and implementation project

May 24 2017 
BRIEF-Hebron Technology announces second half and full year 2016 financial results

Apr 11 2017 
BRIEF-Hebron Technology signs letter of intent to acquire B2B E-Commerce Company

Mar 10 2017 

» More HEBT.OQ  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment































HEBRON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD (HEBT) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





HEBRON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD (HEBT) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
HEBRON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD


Company Address
NO. 936, JINHAI 2RD ROAD,KONGGANG NEW AREA LONGWAN DISTRICTWENZHOU CITY,ZHEJIANG PROVINCE 00000


Company Phone
86 0577 8689 5678


Company Website
www.hebrontechnology.com


CEO
Anyuan Sun


Employees  (as of 11/3/2016) 
87


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (12/27/2016)


Proposed Symbol
HEBT


Exchange
NASDAQ Capital


Share Price
$4.00


Shares Offered
5,000,000


Offer Amount
$20,000,000.00


Total Expenses
$837,857.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
17,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
6/26/2017


Quiet Period Expiration
2/6/2017


CIK
0001603993




After deducting the estimated placement discount and offering expenses payable
by us, we expect to receive net proceeds of approximately $8,552,143 from this
offering if the minimum offering is sold and approximately $18,152,143 if the
maximum offering is sold. The net proceeds from this offering must be remitted
to China before we will be able to use the funds to grow our business. The
procedure to remit funds may take several months after completion of this
offering, and we will be unable to use the funds in China until remittance is
completed.

We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering as follows after we complete
the remittance process, and we have ordered the specific uses of proceeds in
order of priority. We do not expect that our priorities for fund allocation
would change if the amount we raise in this offering exceeds the size of the
minimum offering but is less than the maximum offering. We expect to devote any
funds raised over the minimum offering amount to our working capital needs,
including devoting further resources to the below uses of proceeds.

                                      Estimated Amount of Net        Estimated Amount  
                                              Proceeds               of Net Proceeds   
Description of Use                       (Minimum Offering)         (Maximum Offering) 
Expansion of installation                                                             
services                            $                3,500,000     $        8,200,000  
Development of repair and                                                             
maintenance business(1)                              1,300,000              3,500,000  
Establishment of on-line store of                                                     
products and services                                  810,000              2,750,000  
Working capital and payment of                                                        
taxes due(2)                                         2,520,000              3,100,000  
Personnel expenses, SOX                                                               
compliance                                             422,143                602,143  
Total                               $                8,552,143     $       18,152,143  

(1) We started our repair and maintenance service business in 2015. We provide  
    pharmaceutical manufacturers repair and maintenance services after the      
    expiration of their product and installation service warranties. We have    
    established a repair and maintenance center in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province to 
    cover Eastern China (Jiangsu Province, Zhejiang Province, Anhui Province and
    Shanghai) with an investment of RMB 2,452,684 (approximately $400,000). Over
    the next 3 years, we plan to use a portion of the net proceeds of this 
    offering to establish five additional repair and maintenance centers in 
    Shanghai, Beijing, Nanjing, Chengdu and Linyi respectively to cover Central
    China, Northeastern China, Northern China, Southern China, and Northwestern
    China, with Shanghai being the center. We anticipate that the proceeds of 
    this offering will be sufficient to fund these new centers. To the extent we
    raise proceeds upon maximum offering, we would further devote more proceeds
    to increase the size and scope of each repair and maintenance center.

(2) We anticipate using a portion of this offering to settle taxes due for the  
    company. The amount of taxes due is not presently determinable, and may     
    exceed the amount allocated to this item. To the extent this is the case, we
    anticipate using operating cash flows from the company to cover such        
    shortfall. However we cannot guarantee that such operating cash flows will  
    be available.

In order to grow our installation services business, we need to be able to
perform more projects at the same time. Due to limited unrestricted cash to pay
for advances to subcontractors in different projects, we are generally limited
to two projects at the same time. With the proceeds from this offering, we will
aim to conduct two to four more projects simultaneously. As the capacity to
perform more projects at the same time increases, we plan to add three more
branch offices with six new employees for sales or technology support to each
new office to guarantee our services to clients. We expect the new branch
offices will be located in Linyi in Shandong Province, Chengdu in Sichuan
Province and Nanjing in Jiangsu Province (in addition to the current one in
Nanjing) respectively. We currently do not have any plans to expand our
installation services through acquiring any assets or businesses.

In addition, we intend to establish an online store for our products and
services with the net proceeds from this offering. With the help from an
unrelated third-party web design and maintenance company, we have already
initially set up our own online store website in the form of a
Business-to-Business platform. Though the website is set up, it is still in the
process of technical testing and improvement without being promoted or operated.
We will develop our own operation administration, internet technology team,
online store maintenance offices, product storage, and logistic and delivery
center to provide our customers with online consulting, online ordering,
delivery, installation, and after-sales service. We plan to begin by building
our online store team and facilities to conduct market research and analysis
about online store operation. When we complete our analysis, we will maintain
our platform website, test and promote the website and put it into daily
operation. We will also provide initial consulting services regarding our
holistic production technique solution services for pharmaceutical engineering
and food manufacturing systems. We currently do not have any plans to use any
third-party online stores as our platform for online service. Also, we do not
currently plan to establish our online store through acquiring any assets or
businesses.

Pending use of the net proceeds, we intend to invest our net proceeds in
short-term, interest bearing, investment-grade obligations. These investments
may have a material adverse effect on the U.S. federal income tax consequences
of an investment in our common shares. It is possible that we may become a
passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income taxpayers, which
could result in negative tax consequences to you.


The market for installation service in the pharmaceutical industry in China is 
relatively competitive, and some of our competitors have a much longer operating
history and larger customer base than we do.
---

We plan to compete domestically by establishing new branch offices in more
cities in China. Currently, we plan to add three more branch offices in Linyi,
Chengdu and Nanjing. We will also develop our online store, which will enable
our customers to communicate with us online and order, purchase and have our
products and services delivered in a more convenient and faster manner. With the
proceeds of this offering, we plan to increase our capacity to conduct 2 to 4
more service projects at a time. To expand our business as mentioned above, we
expect to recruit more employees to ensure service quality and efficiency.

Most of our service customers are companies in the biological pharmaceutical
industry, which is an industry with great development potential and customer
demand in China. We compete on the basis of the experience and technology we
have developed in serving customers in this industry for over 10 years.

In addition, our holistic biological pharmaceutical engineering solution
services combine product manufacturing, installation and after-sales services.
Most of our competitors in this area only install the components they purchase
from third parties without capacity to manufacture on their own, while most of 
our product provider competitors focus on producing products without 
installation services. We not only produce our own products through research and
development, but also provide installation and after-sales services. If any 
problem occurs after sales or installation, our customers can look to us for 
product and installation support, rather than having to reach out to other 
service providers. If customers face issues outside our specialty, we can 
contact the appropriate subcontractors to ensure that our customers’ needs are 
met and they need only look to us for help. We have a professional team with
product research and development staff, production staff, installation service
staff, and project designers.

We have focused on providing high quality services quickly and at a low price.
We are able to reduce the overall price of the projects we perform by producing
some of the components. Because we produce lots of components and we stock
different products in a proper proportion based on experience with market
demand, it normally takes us only a short time to complete the projects with
less likelihood of delay due to shortages of components from other suppliers.
Also, our products and pricing can be easily tailored to the customers’ needs,
and we price our products aggressively. We have short cycles in providing
products. On average it takes only one week from receiving orders to delivery to
the customer. All of our products are in compliance with GMP standards. We pride
ourselves on high quality services and products, so that our customers receive
good value for the price they pay.

Our primary competitors are the following companies. We have set forth our
assessment of our companies’ relative strengths and challenges. This table
represents our belief about our competitive position and is based on our
observations, rather than objective data. Our assessment may not be shared by
others, including such competitors, but it does represent management’s
assessment of our industry position.

However, we compete with them in different areas. Currently there is no
competitor that competes with us on all areas.

Competitors              Products/Services       Comparative Strengths/Challenges  
GEA Group                Valves, valve-related   We believe GEA’s brand is more     
Aktiengesellschaft       products and            well-known. We compete against     
(“GEA”)                  installation services   GEA’s installation services on the 
                                                 basis of price.                    
Austar International     Valves, valve-related   We believe Austar’s international  
(“Austar”)               products and            brand name is more well-known. We  
                         installation services   compete against Austar’s           
                                                 installation services on the basis 
                                                 of price.                          
Shanghai Langmai Clean   Installation services   Shanghai Langmai provides only     
Technology Co., Ltd.                             installation services, while we    
(“Shanghai Langmai”)                             provide both installation services 
                                                 and products. We compete against   
                                                 Shanghai Langmai on the basis of   
                                                 range of products and services,    
                                                 installation speed and service.    
Sensong Group            Installation services   Sensong’s brand name is more       
(“Sensong”)                                      well-known, but it provides only   
                                                 installation services, while we    
                                                 provide both installation services 
                                                 and products. We compete against   
                                                 Sensong on the basis of            
                                                 installation speed.              
Shandong Weifang Regal    Installation           Shandong Weifang’s market share is  
Circulation Equipment     services               relatively small. We compete against
Co. (“Shandong                                   Shandong Weifang on the basis of    
Weifang”)                                        installation speed and services.    
Nanjing Inavo             Valves and             We compete against Nanjing Inavo’s  
Bio-engineering Co.,      valve-related          products on the basis of price and  
Ltd. (“Nanjing Inavo”)    products               brand recognition.                  
GEMÜ Gebr. Müller         Valves and             We believe GEMÜ’s international     
Apparatebau GmbH & Co.    valve-related          brand name is more well-known. We   
KG (“GEMÜ”)               products               compete against GEMÜ on the basis of
                                                 price and delivery speed.           
Christian Bürkert GmbH    Valves and             We believe Bürkert’s international  
& Co. KG (“Bürkert”)      valve-related          brand name is more well-known. We   
                          products               compete against Bürkert on the basis
                                                 of price, delivery speed and        
                                                 service.                            
Crane Process Flow        Valves and             We believe Saunders Valves’         
Technologies Ltd.         valve-related          international brand name is more    
(“Saunders Valves”)       products               well-known. We compete against      
                                                 Saunders Valves on the basis of     
                                                 price, delivery/installation speed  
                                                 and service.                        
Wenzhou Baiji Machinery   Valves and             We compete against Wenzhou Baiji on 
Manufacturing Co., Ltd.   valve-related          the basis of product quality,       
(“Wenzhou Baiji”)         products               delivery speed and service.         
Ningbo Information        Pharmaceutical         Ningbo Information generally has    
Pharmaceutical            equipment              lower prices and, we believe, lower 
Equipment Co., Ltd.                              visibility than our company. We     
(“Ningbo Information”)                           compete against Ningbo Information  
                                                 on the basis of quality, service and
                                                 delivery speed.


Company Description
We develop, manufacture and provide customized installation of valves and pipe
fittings for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other
clean industries. We are a highly specialized high-tech enterprise producing,
researching, developing and installing valves and pipe


 fitting products with an
established sales and distribution network. We offer our customers comprehensive
pipeline design, installation, construction, ongoing maintenance services as
well as holistic solution services.

We are located in Wenzhou in southeastern Zhejiang Province, near the south bank
of the Ou River, which has long provided the main transport artery for the
mountainous southeastern section of Zhejiang. Our Company is located near the
Wenzhou airport, train station and international container terminal, which makes
it convenient for us to provide our service to customers located throughout
China. In 1984, Wenzhou was designated one of China’s “open” cities in the new
policy of inviting foreign investment, and there has been considerable economic
growth in Wenzhou. We are engaged in a permitted industry for foreign
investment. A branch rail line, completed in the late 1990s, links the city with
the Zhejiang-Jiangxi trunk line at Jinhua. Expressways northeast to Ningbo and
northwest to Jinhua opened for traffic in the early 21st century. Newer and
larger port facilities also have been constructed, including docks near the
mouth of the Ou River with berths capable of accommodating 10,000-ton ships. The
city’s airport, on the seacoast, provides scheduled flights to many cities in
China. The population was 3,039,500 according to the 2010 Chinese Census.

Our product line originally focused on the construction service and
pharmaceutical engineering sectors. In 2005, we shifted our product line to
focus primarily on the pharmaceutical engineering sector based on the demands of
our clients and our strong technology. All of our products are produced in
compliance with China Good Manufacturing Practices (“GMP”), thereby assisting
our customers to attain the relevant GMP certifications. We believe our products
enjoy a good reputation in the industries in which we operate.

We specialize in installing valves and pipes for customers that require
customized fluid control system solutions. We also specialize in designing and
implementing solutions services for industries with a high need for sanitary
fluid systems with product manufacture, installation services and after-sales
services. Currently, we have customers for our services in the pharmaceutical,
dairy product, water purification, beverage production, cosmetics and chemical
industries, and we are looking forward to expanding our customer base in the
future to more clean industries.

We promote our brand through our sales staff, trade shows, fairs, forums,
internet, direct communications with potential customers, and business networks.
In addition, our products and pricing can be easily tailored to the customers’
needs and we price our products aggressively. We pride ourselves on high quality
services and products, so that our customers receive good value for the price
they pay.

Research and development is an important part of our operations and is integral
to achieving its long-term objectives. In April 2011 we jointly established the
“Zhejiang University (Hebron) Technology Research and Development Center” with
Zhejiang University to advance valve research and process technology. Current
efforts and collaborations are focused on optimizing the process control valve.
In addition, we have sent employees to Italy, Germany and the United States to
study clean product manufacturing, installation and connection process so that
we remain current on advanced international technology. It is through these
collaborations that our company has managed to secure important breakthroughs
resulting in proprietary knowledge and patents. While we continue collaborations
with Zhejiang University, we have also begun to build our own research and
development team.

The Company’s research and development team focuses on mechanical design,
mechatronics, CAD design, mold design and welding. Quality control is an
important aspect of the team’s work and ensuring quality at every stage of the
process has been a key driver in maintaining and developing brand value for the
Company.
---

Our facilities are located on an 11 acre parcel in Wenzhou in Southeastern
Zhejiang Province. Our principal executive offices are located at c/o Zhejiang
Xibolun Automation Project Technology Co., Ltd., No. 587-A 15th Road, 3rd Av.,
Binhai Ind. Park, Economic & Technology Development Zone, Wenzhou, Zhejiang
Province, People’s Republic of China 325000. The telephone number of our
principal executive offices is +86-0577-8689-5678. Our registered agent in the
British Virgin Islands is Offshore Incorporations Limited. Our registered office
and our registered agent’s office in the British Virgin Islands are both at P.O.
Box 957, Offshore Incorporations Centre, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin
Islands. Our agent in the United States is Mr. Yung Kong Chin, 136-40 39th
Avenue, 602B Garden Plaza, Flushing New York, 11354. We maintain a website at
www.hebrontechnology.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$10,743,133


Net Income
$2,143,892


Total Assets
$33,605,078






Total Liabilities
$15,417,343


Stockholders' Equity
$18,187,735


View all Company Financials for HEBT


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 6 Total: 6
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



HEBRON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
424B3
12/15/2016
Filing



HEBRON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
F-1/A
6/13/2016
Filing



HEBRON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
F-1/A
4/29/2016
Filing



HEBRON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
F-1/A
4/1/2016
Filing



HEBRON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
F-1/A
2/5/2016
Filing



HEBRON TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
F-1
12/16/2015
Filing



View all SEC Filings for HEBT




Experts


Auditor
Friedman  LLP


Company Counsel
Kaufman & Canoles, P.C


Lead Underwriter
Spartan Securities Group. Ltd


Transfer Agent
Island Capital Management, LLC


Transfer Agent
Island Stock Transfer


Underwriter Counsel
Lucosky Brookman LLP


Underwriter Counsel
Shumaker, Loop and Kendrick, LLP


Underwriter Counsel
Szaferman, Lakind, Blumstein & Blader, PC









News for HEBT









                        BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-WebMD, Hasbro, NeuroDerm, Hibbett
                    

7/24/2017 2:00:00 PM - Reuters



                        BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Costco, Best Buy, Abercombie, Inotek Pharma
                    

7/10/2017 11:43:00 AM - Reuters



                        Featured Company News - Hebron Technology Announced Joint Venture with BioPromin; Set to Enhance Medical Devices Portfolio
                    

6/28/2017 8:15:00 AM - AccessWire




 Subscribe


                More HEBT News & Commentary



                Read HEBT Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Signs Framework Agreement to Form JV with Ukrainian CompanyHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballHebron Technology Co., Ltd. Signs Framework Agreement to Form JV with Ukrainian CompanyPR NewswireJune 26, 2017ReblogShareTweetShare  WENZHOU, China, June 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. ("Hebron" or the "Company") (HEBT), a developer, manufacturer and installer of valves and pipe fittings for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries, today announced that it has signed a framework cooperation agreement (the "Agreement") to form a joint venture (the "JV") with Research and Product Complex BioPromin Ltd. ("BioPromin"), a Ukraine-based company specializing in noninvasive blood analyzing medical devices. Pursuant to the Agreement executed by and between the Company and BioPromin on June 16, 2017, the parties have agreed to establish the JV to develop, manufacture, and market BioPromin's proprietary noninvasive blood analyzing devices in China. The JV will be based in Konggang New Area, Longgang District, Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province with registered capital of $5 million and total investment of up to $50 million. Hebron will own 80% of the JV, with BioPromin owning the remaining 20%. BioPromin will also have the right of first refusal to acquire an additional 5% ownership in the JV from Hebron. The formation of the JV is subject to the two parties signing a final definitive agreement, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. "We are very excited about the opportunity to team up with BioPromin. Combining Hebron's more than a decade of deep ties to the pharmaceutical industry and strong capabilities in manufacturing and marketing with BioPromin's innovative blood analyzing technologies, the JV gives us a unique opportunity to tap into China's huge medical device sector. We look forward to bringing BioPromin's clinically-proven blood analyzer products to the China market through this JV effort," said Anyuan Sun, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hebron.About Research and Product Complex BioPromin Ltd.Headquartered in Kharkiv, Ukraince, Research and Product Complex BioPromin Ltd. ("BioPromin") is a developer and manufacturer of noninvasive blood analyzer and related medical devices. BioPromin's proprietary products include Automatic Noninvasive Express Screening Analyzer ("ANESA"), Noninvasive Hemogram Analyzer AMP, Low Intensity Microwave and Decimeter Wave Therapy Apparatus "BIOL", and Stardevice. More information about BioPromin can be found at www.biopromin.com.About Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.Established in January 2005 and headquartered in Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China, Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. engages in research, development, and manufacture of highly specialized valves and pipe fitting products for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries. Hebron also offers its customers comprehensive pipeline design, installation, construction, and ongoing maintenance services as holistic solution services. More information about the Company can be found at www.xibolun.com.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This press release contains information about Hebron's view of its future expectations, plans and prospects. All statements other than statements of historical fact in this announcement are or contain forward-looking statements, including risks and uncertainties disclosed in Hebron's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on information available to Hebron's management as of the date of this press release and on its expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections as of such date. Actual results may differ materially from historical results or those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties associated with its ability to raise additional funding, its ability to maintain and grow its business, variability of operating results, its ability to maintain and enhance its brand, its development and introduction of new products and services, the successful integration of acquired companies, technologies and assets into its portfolio of products and services, marketing and other business development initiatives, competition in the industry, general government regulation, economic conditions, dependence on key personnel, the ability to attract, hire and retain personnel who possess the technical skills and experience necessary to meet the requirements of its clients, and its ability to protect its intellectual property. Hebron encourages you to review other factors that may affect its future results in Hebron's registration statement and in its other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Hebron does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under applicable law.   Read MoreFor more information, please contact:At the CompanyYingping Chen, SecretaryPhone: +86-180-6776-3129Investor RelationsTony Tian, CFA                                Weitian Group LLCEmail: tony.tian@weitian-ir.com Phone: +1-732-910-9692To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hebron-technology-co-ltd-signs-framework-agreement-to-form-jv-with-ukrainian-company-300479396.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextVirgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson sells 31pc stake in airline for £220m as part of new tie-up with Air France-KLMThe TelegraphThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredSlimy slugs inspire 'potentially lifesaving' medical glueBBC NewsStarbucks to buy remaining stake in East China JV for $1.3 billionReutersJeff Bezos’ brief stint as world’s richest human ends with Amazon’s second-quarter whiffTechCrunchEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAB InBev (BUD) Earnings and Revenues Miss Estimates in Q2ZacksTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness Insider3 Must-Own Stocks in 2017Banyan HillSponsoredWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekMarisa Tomei Finally Confirms The RumorsKiwi ReportSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderNorth Korea says 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in rangeJohn: Doesn't that little fat kid know that if he actually fires a missile at something other than water, his country will just be annihilated?Join the Conversation1 / 54.6k








Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry SummitHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballHebron Technology Co., Ltd. Sponsors TCM Industry SummitPR NewswireJune 14, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareWENZHOU, China, June 14, 2017 / PRNewswire/ -- Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. ("Hebron" or the "Company") (HEBT), a developer, manufacturer and installer of valves and pipe fittings for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries, today announced that it has attended and sponsored the inaugural traditional Chinese medicine ("TCM") Industry Development Summit (the "Summit") which took place June 11, 2017 in Foshan City, Guangdong Province, China. The Summit, organized by the China Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine (the "CATCM") with Hebron among the co-sponsors, drew more than 100 attendees from government agencies, leading research institutes and more than 78 enterprises. Mr. Anyuan Sun, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hebron, delivered a speech at the Summit, highlighting the recent developments at the Company following its successful IPO in December 2016, including new product development, project updates and new corporate initiatives.  "We are proud to join the CATCM as one of organizers and sponsors of the Summit, which brought together TCM industry leaders and academics from both China and Japan and provided a great venue for showcasing Hebron as not only a developer, manufacturer and installer of valves and pipe fittings but also a holistic engineering solution provider for pharmaceutical and TCM companies," said Mr. Sun.About Hebron Technology Co., Ltd.Established in January 2005 and headquartered in Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China, Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. engages in research, development, and manufacture of highly specialized valves and pipe fitting products for use in the pharmaceutical, biological, food and beverage, and other clean industries. Hebron also offers its customers comprehensive pipeline design, installation, construction, and ongoing maintenance services as holistic solution services.Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains information about Hebron's view of its future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from historical results or those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties associated with its ability to raise additional funding, its ability to maintain and grow its business, variability of operating results, its ability to maintain and enhance its brand, its development and introduction of new products and services, the successful integration of acquired companies, technologies and assets into its portfolio of products and services, marketing and other business development initiatives, competition in the industry, general government regulation, economic conditions, dependence on key personnel, the ability to attract, hire and retain personnel who possess the technical skills and experience necessary to meet the requirements of its clients, and its ability to protect its intellectual property. Hebron encourages you to review other factors that may affect its future results in Hebron's registration statement and in its other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.For more information, please contact:At the Company Yingping Chen, SecretaryPhone: +86-180-6776-3129Investor RelationsTony Tian, CFA                  Weitian Group LLCEmail: tony.tian@weitian-ir.com Phone: +1-732-910-9692To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hebron-technology-co-ltd-sponsors-tcm-industry-summit-300473234.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderCould This Strange New Remedy Eradicate Tinnitus?Quiet Mind PlusSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredA major player in the struggle for control of the Sinaloa cartel just surrendered in the USBusiness InsiderSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderNorth Korea says 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in rangeJohn: Doesn't that little fat kid know that if he actually fires a missile at something other than water, his country will just be annihilated?Join the Conversation1 / 54.6k








