


Our Services : Hedge Fund Marketing : Fund Accounting Administration : Fund Management Solutions








 

























Our value added services  consist of many different pieces. As the hedge fund manager you need to focus  your attention on the buying and selling of securities. Why are hedge fund  managers outsourcing their back-office operations? Simple, focusing on an  in-house back office diverts their attention from their core responsibilities,  namely asset accumulation and building your franchise. Your investors will  appreciate the independent third-party verification of your funds’ operating  results by our CPAs at Strategic Asset Management.  Our individualized services packages tailored  to your fund or situation are crucial to satisfying your customers.   We  greatly reduce expenses and overhead for your fund by eliminating the need for  a large administrative and operational staff.
 









 


Contact us  for Individualized Service Packages tailored to your fund or situation.






The contents of the STRATEGIC website have been prepared solely for information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means, and STRATEGIC is not soliciting any action based upon it. None of the information contained on the STRATEGIC website should be construed as, or is intended to be (i) an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity or a financial promotion of any kind; or (ii) an offer, invitation or inducement to buy or sell, or a solicitation by or on behalf of STRATEGIC of any security, product, service, instrument or investment; or to otherwise engage in any investment activity. No opinions expressed on the STRATEGIC website constitute, or are intended to constitute, investment or legal advice and independent advice should be sought where appropriate.
The services described on the STRATEGIC website are subject to applicable law, rule and regulation and may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all persons. The laws and regulations of the country from which you access the STRATEGIC website may include restrictions on the distribution of information. The information provided on the STRATEGIC website is not directed at and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that jurisdiction's applicable securities laws or such person's nationality, residence or otherwise) such distribution or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or would subject STRATEGIC to any registration or licensing requirement within any such jurisdiction. If you are such a person or entity, you are not authorized to enter our website. It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the STRATEGIC website complies with any restrictions or any applicable local laws or regulations.
STRATEGIC which provides certain fund administration services to hedge funds and funds of funds. STRATEGIC is not an investment adviser or an investment company (as the terms are defined under U.S. State and Federal Securities laws and regulations), nor is STRATEGIC a law firm. STRATEGIC is not regulated by any state or Federal securities agency.  






 


Home    |    Services    |    10 Ways to Grow Your Fund  |   Capital Introduction     |    Downloads    |    Contact Us    |    Privacy Policy    |    Terms & Condition  |  SiteMap


Copyright © 2013 Strategic Asset Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                    Web Design by HiTekData.com


 






Contact Us : Hedge Fund Consultants











 

















 






Our Address






                        Corporate Headquarters
Strategic Asset Management, LLC
                          626 RXR Plaza
                          Uniondale, NY 11556
                          Tel.: 516-522-2850
                          Fax.: 516-706-0842





 




Send Message


 










Name: (required)



Your email: (required)



Your phone: 



Your message: 



 




 


 






 




The contents of the STRATEGIC website have been prepared solely for information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means, and STRATEGIC is not soliciting any action based upon it. None of the information contained on the STRATEGIC website should be construed as, or is intended to be (i) an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity or a financial promotion of any kind; or (ii) an offer, invitation or inducement to buy or sell, or a solicitation by or on behalf of STRATEGIC of any security, product, service, instrument or investment; or to otherwise engage in any investment activity. No opinions expressed on the STRATEGIC website constitute, or are intended to constitute, investment or legal advice and independent advice should be sought where appropriate.
The services described on the STRATEGIC website are subject to applicable law, rule and regulation and may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all persons. The laws and regulations of the country from which you access the STRATEGIC website may include restrictions on the distribution of information. The information provided on the STRATEGIC website is not directed at and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that jurisdiction's applicable securities laws or such person's nationality, residence or otherwise) such distribution or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or would subject STRATEGIC to any registration or licensing requirement within any such jurisdiction. If you are such a person or entity, you are not authorized to enter our website. It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the STRATEGIC website complies with any restrictions or any applicable local laws or regulations.
STRATEGIC which provides certain fund administration services to hedge funds and funds of funds. STRATEGIC is not an investment adviser or an investment company (as the terms are defined under U.S. State and Federal Securities laws and regulations), nor is STRATEGIC a law firm. STRATEGIC is not regulated by any state or Federal securities agency.  






 


Home    |    Services    |    10 Ways to Grow Your Fund  |   Capital Introduction     |    Downloads    |    Contact Us    |    Privacy Policy    |    Terms & Condition  |  SiteMap 


Copyright © 2013 Strategic Asset Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                    Web Design by HiTekData.com


 















 













 


 

Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd raised $14,873,500 on November 13th, 2014































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/297542-hedge-fund-select-the-adelphi-europe-fund-ltdsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=297542  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd raised $14,873,500 on November 13th, 2014.Get alertedif Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd gets funded!Amount:$14,873,500Company:Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund LtdInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityKey people:Kent Clark (Director) Helen Crowley (Director)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd (0001591218) (Filer)Description:Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd has closed a 15M round of funding. The date of the transaction is 2014, November 13th. Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd, located in New York City, United States, is specialized in Finance.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Hedge Fund Accounting : Fund Administration Services : Fund Management Solutions













 









 











From Formation to Operation - We Offer a Complete Line of Services 

          
          Strategic Asset Management provides comprehensive streamlined operational and administrative support enabling the money manager to focus on making investment decisions that will drive the success of the fund. We offer a complete solution. If your Fund is already formed we can address all of your operational needs. For funds in the early stages of formation we offer a complete formation solution. As your success increases and are poised for a new stage of growth, we will provide the tools needed to expand your hedge, private equity or fund of funds. 
          

Whether you are a fully operational Fund or in the beginning stages of formation, Strategic has services to address all of your requirements. For Funds just launching Strategic offers special comprehensive packages designed to enable a fast and efficient launch so that your focus can be on capital raising and marketing. For funds already in operation our focus is on ease of transition to our service platform and implementation of our services so as to provide you with the most value. We consider our hedge fund Accounting & Administrative and other services a partnership with you.
          

          Our immense array of value added services are comprised of many different pieces. We believe that your success is our success, so no matter what our level of involvement, you are provided with outstanding customer service tailored to meet the needs and objectives of a successful hedge fund manager. 
          


New 506c Rule Changes - SEC Lifts Ban on Advertising for Hedge Funds 

      We offer comprehensive programs specifically designed to assist funds in their capital raising efforts. The programs we have are also being modified to allow funds to adopt the new 506c Rule allowing general solicitation if they chose. Ask us today how we can assist your fund in raising capital.
      

            As managing your new or existing fund  grows more complex consider our services to assist your Fund:
      



Accounting

Fund Formation

Capital Introduction



Tax

Management & Advisory

Compliance



Administration

Marketing

Web Site








To learn more about  the exceptional services and solutions Strategic Asset Management delivers,  please contact us at 516-522-2850 or  email us. 



The contents of the STRATEGIC website have been prepared solely for information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means, and STRATEGIC is not soliciting any action based upon it. None of the information contained on the STRATEGIC website should be construed as, or is intended to be (i) an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity or a financial promotion of any kind; or (ii) an offer, invitation or inducement to buy or sell, or a solicitation by or on behalf of STRATEGIC of any security, product, service, instrument or investment; or to otherwise engage in any investment activity. No opinions expressed on the STRATEGIC website constitute, or are intended to constitute, investment or legal advice and independent advice should be sought where appropriate.
The services described on the STRATEGIC website are subject to applicable law, rule and regulation and may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all persons. The laws and regulations of the country from which you access the STRATEGIC website may include restrictions on the distribution of information. The information provided on the STRATEGIC website is not directed at and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that jurisdiction's applicable securities laws or such person's nationality, residence or otherwise) such distribution or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or would subject STRATEGIC to any registration or licensing requirement within any such jurisdiction. If you are such a person or entity, you are not authorized to enter our website. It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the STRATEGIC website complies with any restrictions or any applicable local laws or regulations.
STRATEGIC which provides certain fund administration services to hedge funds and funds of funds. STRATEGIC is not an investment adviser or an investment company (as the terms are defined under U.S. State and Federal Securities laws and regulations), nor is STRATEGIC a law firm. STRATEGIC is not regulated by any state or Federal securities agency.  






 


Home    |   
              
              Services    |    10 Ways to Grow Your Fund  |   Capital Introduction     |    Downloads    |    Contact Us    |    Privacy Policy    |    Terms & Condition  |  SiteMap
My Statements


Copyright © 2013 Strategic Asset Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.                                                                            Web Design by Hi-Tek Data, Corp.


 






Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd  Funding details


Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001591218Address: 200 WEST STREET  NEW YORK 10282-2198Phone number: 212-902-1000



Latest news
Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd raised $22,443,500 from 21 investors on 2016-11-14.



Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-14Amended Form DIndefinite$22,443,500Indefinite$02106b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-11-13Amended Form DIndefinite$18,293,500Indefinite$01906b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2014-11-13Amended Form DIndefinite$14,873,500Indefinite$01406b 3C.7[SEC Filing]2013-11-13New Form DIndefinite$900,000Indefinite$0206b 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd raised $22,443,500 in total.



Directors and Executives of Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd
Key People in Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd:

Helen CrowleyKent Clark
Similar companiesHEDGE STRATEGY FUND NON-QP LLC, HedgePremier/Maverick Fund LP, HedgePremier/York Total Return Fund LP, HEDGE STRATEGY FUND LLC, HedgePremier/Tricadia Credit Strategies Fund II LP, Hedge Fund Opportunities III LLC, HedgeForum Paulson Advantage Offshore, Ltd., HedgePremier/Maverick Offshore Fund LP, Hedge Community LLC, HedgePremier/Ivory Flagship Fund LP, HEDGECAP PARTNERS L P, HedgePremier/Ivory Flagship Offshore Fund LP








Last visited companies: BTG Inc, Ballinger Fund LLC, BeOn Holdings, Inc., Blue Danube Systems, Inc., Blue Elephant Consumer Fund, LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.














 





Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd (549300K4BMW1TML91290) | Open LEIs


















            A user-friendly view on the
            Legal Entity Identifier system




Brought to you by













What is the LEI system?
About OpenCorporates



Register


Login











		    Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd
      




Lei 549300K4BMW1TML91290
Legal Form CAYMAN ISLANDS ORDINARY NON-RESIDENT COMPANY
Registered Address 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town KY1-9005, Cayman Islands
Headquarter Address 200 West Street, New York, US-NY 10282
Legal Jurisdiction KY
Inferred Jurisdiction Cayman Islands
Business Registry Name N/A
Business Registry Identifier Not supplied!

Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) details

Registered By DTCC/SWIFT CICI
Assignment Date 2014-02-04 01:01:44 UTC
Record Last Update 2016-11-02 02:01:00 UTC
Next Renewal Date 2017-10-27 22:12:53 UTC
Status Code ISSUED



          Imported from gleif on
          July 29 2017,  2.55AM
        




Share this page








Permalink



Connect with us

 Connect
 Join
 Follow






Download Open Data

XML or
      JSON














×







HEDGE FUND SELECT: THE ADELPHI EUROPE FUND LTD Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      HEDGE FUND SELECT: THE ADELPHI EUROPE FUND LTD
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund LTD is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-11-14. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from HEDGE FUND SELECT: THE ADELPHI EUROPE FUND LTD, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




hedge fund select: the adelphi europe fund ltd


200 WEST STREET

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10282-2198


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-902-1000







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 11/14/2016
D/A filed on 11/13/2015
D/A filed on 11/13/2014
D filed on 11/13/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-11-14
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
22,443,500
INDEFINITE


2015-11-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
18,293,500
INDEFINITE


2014-11-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
14,873,500
INDEFINITE


2013-11-13
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
900,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




HELEN   CROWLEY

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



KENT   CLARK

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/133162-hedge-fund-select-the-adelphi-europe-fund-ltdsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=133162  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund LtdCompany DetailsGet alertedif Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd gets funded!Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund LtdFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 13th, 2014$14,873,500-View DealNovember 13th, 2013$900,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Hedge Fund Select: The Adelphi Europe Fund Ltd gets funded?Key peopleKent ClarkDirectorHelen CrowleyDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!






Legal Entity Identifier - LEI Database Search











        This site is a convenient way for you to access LEI (Legal Entity
        Identifiers) Data. Your web browser must have JavaScript enabled in
        order for this application to display correctly.
    


Central LEI Search
CONTACT US

©
        2016 ETLogic Ltd






