

Contact Us : Hedge Fund Consultants











 

















 






Our Address






                        Corporate Headquarters
Strategic Asset Management, LLC
                          626 RXR Plaza
                          Uniondale, NY 11556
                          Tel.: 516-522-2850
                          Fax.: 516-706-0842





 




Send Message


 










Name: (required)



Your email: (required)



Your phone: 



Your message: 



 




 


 






 




The contents of the STRATEGIC website have been prepared solely for information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means, and STRATEGIC is not soliciting any action based upon it. None of the information contained on the STRATEGIC website should be construed as, or is intended to be (i) an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity or a financial promotion of any kind; or (ii) an offer, invitation or inducement to buy or sell, or a solicitation by or on behalf of STRATEGIC of any security, product, service, instrument or investment; or to otherwise engage in any investment activity. No opinions expressed on the STRATEGIC website constitute, or are intended to constitute, investment or legal advice and independent advice should be sought where appropriate.
The services described on the STRATEGIC website are subject to applicable law, rule and regulation and may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all persons. The laws and regulations of the country from which you access the STRATEGIC website may include restrictions on the distribution of information. The information provided on the STRATEGIC website is not directed at and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that jurisdiction's applicable securities laws or such person's nationality, residence or otherwise) such distribution or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or would subject STRATEGIC to any registration or licensing requirement within any such jurisdiction. If you are such a person or entity, you are not authorized to enter our website. It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the STRATEGIC website complies with any restrictions or any applicable local laws or regulations.
STRATEGIC which provides certain fund administration services to hedge funds and funds of funds. STRATEGIC is not an investment adviser or an investment company (as the terms are defined under U.S. State and Federal Securities laws and regulations), nor is STRATEGIC a law firm. STRATEGIC is not regulated by any state or Federal securities agency.  






 


Home    |    Services    |    10 Ways to Grow Your Fund  |   Capital Introduction     |    Downloads    |    Contact Us    |    Privacy Policy    |    Terms & Condition  |  SiteMap 


Copyright © 2013 Strategic Asset Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                    Web Design by HiTekData.com


 







Our Services : Hedge Fund Marketing : Fund Accounting Administration : Fund Management Solutions








 

























Our value added services  consist of many different pieces. As the hedge fund manager you need to focus  your attention on the buying and selling of securities. Why are hedge fund  managers outsourcing their back-office operations? Simple, focusing on an  in-house back office diverts their attention from their core responsibilities,  namely asset accumulation and building your franchise. Your investors will  appreciate the independent third-party verification of your funds’ operating  results by our CPAs at Strategic Asset Management.  Our individualized services packages tailored  to your fund or situation are crucial to satisfying your customers.   We  greatly reduce expenses and overhead for your fund by eliminating the need for  a large administrative and operational staff.
 









 


Contact us  for Individualized Service Packages tailored to your fund or situation.






The contents of the STRATEGIC website have been prepared solely for information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means, and STRATEGIC is not soliciting any action based upon it. None of the information contained on the STRATEGIC website should be construed as, or is intended to be (i) an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity or a financial promotion of any kind; or (ii) an offer, invitation or inducement to buy or sell, or a solicitation by or on behalf of STRATEGIC of any security, product, service, instrument or investment; or to otherwise engage in any investment activity. No opinions expressed on the STRATEGIC website constitute, or are intended to constitute, investment or legal advice and independent advice should be sought where appropriate.
The services described on the STRATEGIC website are subject to applicable law, rule and regulation and may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all persons. The laws and regulations of the country from which you access the STRATEGIC website may include restrictions on the distribution of information. The information provided on the STRATEGIC website is not directed at and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that jurisdiction's applicable securities laws or such person's nationality, residence or otherwise) such distribution or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or would subject STRATEGIC to any registration or licensing requirement within any such jurisdiction. If you are such a person or entity, you are not authorized to enter our website. It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the STRATEGIC website complies with any restrictions or any applicable local laws or regulations.
STRATEGIC which provides certain fund administration services to hedge funds and funds of funds. STRATEGIC is not an investment adviser or an investment company (as the terms are defined under U.S. State and Federal Securities laws and regulations), nor is STRATEGIC a law firm. STRATEGIC is not regulated by any state or Federal securities agency.  






 


Home    |    Services    |    10 Ways to Grow Your Fund  |   Capital Introduction     |    Downloads    |    Contact Us    |    Privacy Policy    |    Terms & Condition  |  SiteMap


Copyright © 2013 Strategic Asset Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                    Web Design by HiTekData.com


 















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Hedge Fund Select: Dymon Asia Macro Fund Ltd: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:32 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Hedge Fund Select: Dymon Asia Macro Fund Ltd



Snapshot People




Company Overview



200 West StreetNew York, NY 10282-2198United States



Phone: 212-902-1000








Key Executives for Hedge Fund Select: Dymon Asia Macro Fund Ltd


Hedge Fund Select: Dymon Asia Macro Fund Ltd does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Hedge Fund Select: Dymon Asia Macro Fund Ltd, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Hedge Fund Accounting : Fund Administration Services : Fund Management Solutions













 









 











From Formation to Operation - We Offer a Complete Line of Services 

          
          Strategic Asset Management provides comprehensive streamlined operational and administrative support enabling the money manager to focus on making investment decisions that will drive the success of the fund. We offer a complete solution. If your Fund is already formed we can address all of your operational needs. For funds in the early stages of formation we offer a complete formation solution. As your success increases and are poised for a new stage of growth, we will provide the tools needed to expand your hedge, private equity or fund of funds. 
          

Whether you are a fully operational Fund or in the beginning stages of formation, Strategic has services to address all of your requirements. For Funds just launching Strategic offers special comprehensive packages designed to enable a fast and efficient launch so that your focus can be on capital raising and marketing. For funds already in operation our focus is on ease of transition to our service platform and implementation of our services so as to provide you with the most value. We consider our hedge fund Accounting & Administrative and other services a partnership with you.
          

          Our immense array of value added services are comprised of many different pieces. We believe that your success is our success, so no matter what our level of involvement, you are provided with outstanding customer service tailored to meet the needs and objectives of a successful hedge fund manager. 
          


New 506c Rule Changes - SEC Lifts Ban on Advertising for Hedge Funds 

      We offer comprehensive programs specifically designed to assist funds in their capital raising efforts. The programs we have are also being modified to allow funds to adopt the new 506c Rule allowing general solicitation if they chose. Ask us today how we can assist your fund in raising capital.
      

            As managing your new or existing fund  grows more complex consider our services to assist your Fund:
      



Accounting

Fund Formation

Capital Introduction



Tax

Management & Advisory

Compliance



Administration

Marketing

Web Site








To learn more about  the exceptional services and solutions Strategic Asset Management delivers,  please contact us at 516-522-2850 or  email us. 



The contents of the STRATEGIC website have been prepared solely for information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means, and STRATEGIC is not soliciting any action based upon it. None of the information contained on the STRATEGIC website should be construed as, or is intended to be (i) an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity or a financial promotion of any kind; or (ii) an offer, invitation or inducement to buy or sell, or a solicitation by or on behalf of STRATEGIC of any security, product, service, instrument or investment; or to otherwise engage in any investment activity. No opinions expressed on the STRATEGIC website constitute, or are intended to constitute, investment or legal advice and independent advice should be sought where appropriate.
The services described on the STRATEGIC website are subject to applicable law, rule and regulation and may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all persons. The laws and regulations of the country from which you access the STRATEGIC website may include restrictions on the distribution of information. The information provided on the STRATEGIC website is not directed at and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that jurisdiction's applicable securities laws or such person's nationality, residence or otherwise) such distribution or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or would subject STRATEGIC to any registration or licensing requirement within any such jurisdiction. If you are such a person or entity, you are not authorized to enter our website. It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the STRATEGIC website complies with any restrictions or any applicable local laws or regulations.
STRATEGIC which provides certain fund administration services to hedge funds and funds of funds. STRATEGIC is not an investment adviser or an investment company (as the terms are defined under U.S. State and Federal Securities laws and regulations), nor is STRATEGIC a law firm. STRATEGIC is not regulated by any state or Federal securities agency.  






 


Home    |   
              
              Services    |    10 Ways to Grow Your Fund  |   Capital Introduction     |    Downloads    |    Contact Us    |    Privacy Policy    |    Terms & Condition  |  SiteMap
My Statements


Copyright © 2013 Strategic Asset Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved.                                                                            Web Design by Hi-Tek Data, Corp.


 







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














The man behind Dymon’s stellar rise | 








The man behind Dymon’s stellar rise – Dymon Asia
























































 
































About DymonBusinesses  Public Markets    Macro Strategies    Dymon Manager Solutions      Private Markets        Dymon Asia Private Equity        Dymon Asia VenturesNewsroomSupporting our Community  Education  Elderly  YouthContact usInvestor Login
 


















The man behind Dymon’s stellar rise

Friday, January 9, 2015
When Mr Danny Yong started what is now Dymon Asia Macro Fund with US$113 million in 2008, billionaire investor Paul Tudor Jones’ hedge fund company was his first outside backer.
Six years later, Mr Yong’s one-time upstart has grown to US$3.5 billion (S$4.7 billion) in assets and delivered the second-best performance of any large Asia-based hedge fund, Bloomberg Markets magazine will report in its February issue.
From its perch in Singapore, Dymon Asia Macro returned 17 per cent in the first 10 months of last year. Only the Quantedge Global Fund’s 32.3 per cent topped it in Asia in Bloomberg Markets’ annual ranking of funds with US$1 billion or more in assets.
Dymon was also a standout worldwide. It came in at No. 10 among all large funds in a bad year for some macro funds, which seek to profit from trends in currencies, interest rates, and equities and commodities markets.
Managers of big Asia-focused funds can struggle to deliver consistent gains. Markets are smaller and less liquid than those in the US and Europe, and there is a limited pool of talented professionals to run the funds. Mr Yong, 43, who has a resume that includes Goldman Sachs Group, has 18 years of experience trading Asian securities.
Dymon Asia Macro returned 82.1 per cent from August 2008 through last October, according to a source. That compares with a 16 per cent loss for the HFRX Macro/CTA Index, which measures macro hedge funds and the so-called commodity-trading advisers that trade futures and forward contracts on commodities, financial assets and currencies.
The Dymon fund’s only calendar- year loss was for its inaugural five months in 2008.
In 2011, Dymon Asia Macro topped all US$1 billion–plus Asian funds, with a return of more than 20 per cent after fees.
“Dymon, over the years, demonstrated strong risk management,” says Mr Stephane Pizzo, managing partner of Singapore-based Lotus Peak Capital, which invests in hedge funds. “This allows them to limit losses during quiet months, while fully participating when the move finally happens.”
Dymon Asia Macro took advantage of the lull in major market moves during the first half of last year, says Mr David Chan, chief executive of Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore), the management firm that oversees US$4.4 billion of assets, including the macro fund.
He says the fund bought cheap options to benefit from trends it expected to crystallise in later months. One of the most profitable bets was on China’s yuan. The currency had dropped 3 per cent against the US dollar in trading outside China in the first four months.
Mr Yong says he expected the yuan would rebound and finish the year roughly where it started. Dymon bought call options, which gave it the right to buy the yuan at a specified price during a specified period. The currency strengthened 2 per cent from April to the end of October in trading outside of China.
“Since the global financial crisis, market cycles have shortened and trends are often interspersed with violent corrections that make holding on to long-term positions more challenging,” says Mr Yong, who is also chief investment officer of Dymon Asia Capital. “Using options has allowed us to structure trades with compelling risk-reward profiles and allows us to generate superior returns when we call the market right.”
The US Federal Reserve handed hedge funds last year’s most anticipated trading catalyst. The central bank announced in late October that it would end the asset buying that underpinned its third round of quantitative easing. The Fed’s purchases were designed to boost economic growth and investor confidence.
Unlike some peers who bet Treasury bond prices would decline as a result, Mr Yong sought to gain from a stronger US economy by going long on the US dollar against the Japanese yen.
The strategy had two benefits: It shielded Dymon investors from the largest one-day decline since 2009 in US Treasury yields on Oct 15, a drop that reversed in the following days. It also allowed Dymon to profit from additional stimulus moves and pension reforms Mr Yong says he expected would lead Japan’s currency lower.
Dymon boosted the size of its bet against the yen, convinced the Japanese economy was running out of steam. From Aug 13, the day the second-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) number was announced, through Oct 31, the US dollar strengthened 9.7 per cent against Japan’s currency. It had extended the gain by a further 6.6 per cent as of the end of last month, after the Bank of Japan decided to expand the stimulus in late October. On Nov 17, the country announced it had slipped back into recession in the third quarter.
Mr Yong has lived through plenty of Asia’s turmoil in a 20-year career. He joined what is now JPMorgan Chase & Co as a trader on the Asian markets-derivatives and fixed-income desk in 1997, just months before the region’s financial crisis.
He moved to Goldman Sachs’ Hong Kong derivatives trading desk in 2000, then spent 2 1/2 years with the firm in Japan. In 2005, Citadel hired him to set up and run Asian currencies, interest-rates, relative-value and macro trading in Hong Kong for the Chicago-based firm.
BLOOMBERG
Source: The Straits Times © Singapore Press Holdings Limited. Permission required for reproduction.
Back










































Disclaimer

This webpage contains important legal and proprietary information concerning Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., its affiliates (collectively known as “Dymon Asia") and its funds. Before proceeding, please read the following disclaimer statements.
By clicking the "I AGREE" button below, you are deemed to be representing and warranting that (1) you have read and understand the information contained in this page and accept the terms and conditions contained herein, (2) the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information on this webpage, (3) you are duly authorized to access this webpage for the purpose of acquiring information, and (4) you or any other person or entity you represent initiated the discussion, correspondence or other communications with Dymon Asia or its representatives, which resulted in your requesting access to Dymon Asia’s website and the information regarding its funds, and none of Dymon Asia or its representatives at any time directly or indirectly contacted you with respect to the provision of investment advisory services or investment in a Dymon Asia fund prior to such unsolicited initiation of discussions, correspondence or other communications.
The information on this webpage is not intended for persons located or resident in jurisdictions where the distribution of such information is restricted or unauthorized. No action has been taken to authorize, register or qualify any of the Dymon Asia funds or otherwise permit a public offering of any Dymon Asia fund in any jurisdiction.
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Dymon Asia considers the information contained herein as accurate as at the date of publication. All information and opinions in this webpage are subject to change without notice. No representation or warranty is given, whether express or implied, on the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of information provided in the website or by third parties. The materials in this webpage could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, and could become inaccurate as a result of developments occurring after their respective dates. Dymon Asia undertakes no obligation to maintain the currency of such information. Any links to other websites contained within this webpage are for the convenience of the user only and do not constitute an endorsement by Dymon Asia of these websites. Dymon Asia is not responsible for the content of other websites referenced in this webpage. Neither Dymon Asia nor its affiliates and their respective shareholders, directors, officers and employees assume any liabilities in respect of any errors or omissions on this webpage, or any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind resulting directly or indirectly from the use of this webpage. Unless otherwise agreed with Dymon Asia, any use, disclosure, reproduction, modification or distribution of the contents of this webpage, or any part thereof, is strictly prohibited. Dymon Asia expressly disclaims any liability, whether in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or special damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to or use of this website.
This webpage is not an advertisement and is not intended for public use or distribution. This website has been prepared for the purpose of providing general information only without taking account of any particular investor's objectives, financial situation or needs and does not amount to an investment recommendation. An investor should, before making any investment decision, consider the appropriateness of the information in this website, and seek professional advice, having regard to the investor's objectives, financial situation and needs. In all cases, anyone proposing to rely on or use the information contained in the website should independently verify and check the accuracy, completeness, reliability and suitability of the information. The information contained in this webpage does not constitute financial, investment, legal, accounting, tax or other professional advice or a solicitation for investment in Dymon Asia’s funds, nor does it constitute an offer for sale of interests issued by funds that are managed or advised by Dymon Asia. Any offer can only be made by the relevant offering documents, together with the relevant subscription agreement, all of which must be read and understood in their entirety, and only in jurisdictions where such an offer is in compliance with relevant laws and regulatory requirements.
Simulations, past and projected performance may not necessarily be indicative of future results. Figures may be taken from sources that are believed to be reliable (but may not necessarily have been independently verified), and such figures should not be relied upon in making investment decisions. Dymon Asia, its officers and employees do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information.
This website and its contents is permitted only for the use of persons who are “institutional investors" or “accredited investors", each within the meaning provided in the Singapore Securities and Futures Act; “professional investors" within the meaning provided in the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance; or the equivalent class of “accredited investor" or “professional client" under the laws of the country or territory of such person. The products and services described in this website are available to such aforementioned categories of persons only. Please click "I AGREE" if you confirm and agree that you fall within any of the aforementioned categories. Please click “I AGREE” if you confirm and agree that you fall within any of the aforementioned categories.

I agree
I do not agree










History & Key Milestones | 








History & Key Milestones – Dymon Asia






















































 
































About DymonBusinesses  Public Markets    Macro Strategies    Dymon Manager Solutions      Private Markets        Dymon Asia Private Equity        Dymon Asia VenturesNewsroomSupporting our Community  Education  Elderly  YouthContact usInvestor Login
 








 












 









History & Key Milestones
Mission & Core Values
Partners
Careers



History & Key Milestones
Dymon Asia Capital, co-founded in 2008 by Danny Yong and Keith Tan, is a leading Asia focused alternative investment management firm. The firm’s first product, which would evolve into the flagship and cornerstone of today’s business, is a macro focused fund vehicle which was initially launched with US$100 million in seed capital from Tudor Investment Corporation and US$13 million in proprietary monies.
As of June 1, 2017 assets under management (AUM) across hedge fund, private equity and venture capital strategies are approximately US$5.7 billion (included committed capital and notional assets).
Dymon Asia Capital is proud to be majority owned by its Partner employees. The firm has over 100 employees. Headquarters are located in Singapore with offices in Hong Kong, Malaysia and the United Kingdom.
Our Key Milestones:


August 2009: Dymon Asia Macro Fund is launched




February 2012: Ranked 7th best performing global hedge fund of 2011 by Bloomberg




March 2012: Dymon Asia Macro Fund AUM reaches US$2.5 billion




October 2012: Dymon Asia Private Equity (S.E. Asia) Fund, L.P launches with a commitment from Heliconia Capital Management, a wholly owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings




May 2014: A partnership with Temasek is formed. Temasek commits US$500 million to establish the Dymon Manager Solutions Group, becoming a stakeholder in Dymon Asia Capital




December 2014: Ranked 10th best performing global hedge fund of 2014 by Bloomberg




August 2015: Dymon Asia Ventures is launched








































Disclaimer

This webpage contains important legal and proprietary information concerning Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., its affiliates (collectively known as “Dymon Asia") and its funds. Before proceeding, please read the following disclaimer statements.
By clicking the "I AGREE" button below, you are deemed to be representing and warranting that (1) you have read and understand the information contained in this page and accept the terms and conditions contained herein, (2) the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information on this webpage, (3) you are duly authorized to access this webpage for the purpose of acquiring information, and (4) you or any other person or entity you represent initiated the discussion, correspondence or other communications with Dymon Asia or its representatives, which resulted in your requesting access to Dymon Asia’s website and the information regarding its funds, and none of Dymon Asia or its representatives at any time directly or indirectly contacted you with respect to the provision of investment advisory services or investment in a Dymon Asia fund prior to such unsolicited initiation of discussions, correspondence or other communications.
The information on this webpage is not intended for persons located or resident in jurisdictions where the distribution of such information is restricted or unauthorized. No action has been taken to authorize, register or qualify any of the Dymon Asia funds or otherwise permit a public offering of any Dymon Asia fund in any jurisdiction.
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Dymon Asia considers the information contained herein as accurate as at the date of publication. All information and opinions in this webpage are subject to change without notice. No representation or warranty is given, whether express or implied, on the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of information provided in the website or by third parties. The materials in this webpage could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, and could become inaccurate as a result of developments occurring after their respective dates. Dymon Asia undertakes no obligation to maintain the currency of such information. Any links to other websites contained within this webpage are for the convenience of the user only and do not constitute an endorsement by Dymon Asia of these websites. Dymon Asia is not responsible for the content of other websites referenced in this webpage. Neither Dymon Asia nor its affiliates and their respective shareholders, directors, officers and employees assume any liabilities in respect of any errors or omissions on this webpage, or any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind resulting directly or indirectly from the use of this webpage. Unless otherwise agreed with Dymon Asia, any use, disclosure, reproduction, modification or distribution of the contents of this webpage, or any part thereof, is strictly prohibited. Dymon Asia expressly disclaims any liability, whether in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or special damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to or use of this website.
This webpage is not an advertisement and is not intended for public use or distribution. This website has been prepared for the purpose of providing general information only without taking account of any particular investor's objectives, financial situation or needs and does not amount to an investment recommendation. An investor should, before making any investment decision, consider the appropriateness of the information in this website, and seek professional advice, having regard to the investor's objectives, financial situation and needs. In all cases, anyone proposing to rely on or use the information contained in the website should independently verify and check the accuracy, completeness, reliability and suitability of the information. The information contained in this webpage does not constitute financial, investment, legal, accounting, tax or other professional advice or a solicitation for investment in Dymon Asia’s funds, nor does it constitute an offer for sale of interests issued by funds that are managed or advised by Dymon Asia. Any offer can only be made by the relevant offering documents, together with the relevant subscription agreement, all of which must be read and understood in their entirety, and only in jurisdictions where such an offer is in compliance with relevant laws and regulatory requirements.
Simulations, past and projected performance may not necessarily be indicative of future results. Figures may be taken from sources that are believed to be reliable (but may not necessarily have been independently verified), and such figures should not be relied upon in making investment decisions. Dymon Asia, its officers and employees do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information.
This website and its contents is permitted only for the use of persons who are “institutional investors" or “accredited investors", each within the meaning provided in the Singapore Securities and Futures Act; “professional investors" within the meaning provided in the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance; or the equivalent class of “accredited investor" or “professional client" under the laws of the country or territory of such person. The products and services described in this website are available to such aforementioned categories of persons only. Please click "I AGREE" if you confirm and agree that you fall within any of the aforementioned categories. Please click “I AGREE” if you confirm and agree that you fall within any of the aforementioned categories.

I agree
I do not agree



































































Asia's Best-Performing Hedge Funds for 2016 - Bloomberg
































































  
















Asia's Best-Performing Hedge Funds for 2016
By Bei Hu
        
@BeiHu1
More stories by Bei Hu

, Kathleen Chu
        
@inquisitivekath
More stories by Kathleen Chu

, and Klaus Wille
        
@KlWille
More stories by Klaus Wille





December 20, 2016, 4:00 PM EST










                Credit funds of OCP, LIM, Serica also had double-digit gains
            



                Greenwoods, Symphony equity hedge funds losing money so far
            













Who Were 2016's Hedge Fund Winners and Losers?




One man’s junk is another man’s treasure.That’s a credo that’s helped some of Asia’s top hedge funds this year as peers stumbled, with BFAM Partners, LIM Advisors and Serica Partners Asia surging in 2016 after snapping up or adding commodity-related bonds during a first-quarter selloff. Their performance stood out as the region’s hedge funds struggled with volatile markets in Japan and China, with offerings from Greenwoods Asset Management, Symphony Financial Partners and Tantallon Capital among those with losses.Asia’s hedge funds are trailing global peers for the first time since 2011, threatening to further erode investor confidence amid a global backlash against lackluster performance and high fees. They’ve eked out a 0.8 percent gain in the 11 months through November, on track for the lowest annual return in five years, according to Eurekahedge data.




For more on hedge fund winners and losers, click here“The year has been characterized by a great run in credit,” said Marlon Sanchez, Deutsche Bank AG’s Hong Kong-based Asia-Pacific head of prime finance.Among some of the top hedge funds betting on credit:BFAM’s multistrategy Asian Opportunities Master Fund, which is expected to end the year with more than $2 billion of assets, gained 16 percent this year through November, said a person with knowledge of the matter who asked not to be named as the information is private. About 35 percent of its returns this year came from credit trades that include buying distressed commodity bonds in the first quarter whose values have since rebounded, said Chief Investment Officer Benjamin Fuchs, who declined to comment on returns. Other trades include the debt restructuring of Chinese property developer Kaisa Group Holdings Ltd. and selling credit default swaps on embattled commodities firm Noble Group Ltd. to bearish investors in the first half. About half of its return this year came from volatility trades as event such as the U.K.’s vote to leave the European Union and the U.S. elections added to market swings.Serica’s credit fund, run by Ivan Lee in Hong Kong, surged more than 30 percent this year through November, said a person with knowledge of the matter. The majority of the profit came from the rebound in the value of Indonesian and resources company bonds it bought at the beginning of the year, said the person. It also made money from a number of distressed credit trades.The $304 million LIM Asia Special Situations Fund, managed by Don Ewer and Peter Warbanoff, made 10 percent after fees in the same period, said George Long, LIM’s chief investment officer. High-yield bonds, especially those in the commodity industry, recovered as the industry rebounded and as some companies refinanced their debt. It also made money from loans, including distressed ones it picked up as early as last year that have rebounded in value, said Long, whose Hong Kong-based multistrategy hedge-fund firm has $1.6 billion of assets under management. Another credit-related hedge fund that shone was OCP Asia’s about $1 billion Orchard Landmark Fund. It returned nearly 13 percent this year through November, making direct loans to small- and medium-sized companies across the Asia-Pacific region, said a person with knowledge of the matter. OCP Asia manages about $1.2 billion out of its Singapore and Hong Kong offices.







                        Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email.
                    

                        Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter.
                    





                                    Sign Up
                            










Some of this year’s best-performing large hedge funds didn’t focus on credit. Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore)’s $3.4 billion macro fund gained about 12 percent in the 11 months, according to an estimate sent to investors. Its $721 million Dymon Asia Currency Value Fund, which focuses on currencies and gold and takes more concentrated bets, was up 45 percent. Bets on Asian currencies, particularly the Japanese yen, to weaken against the dollar drove returns for both. Separately, the $296 million Credence Global Fund, a relative-value hedge fund that seeks to profit from changes in price relationships between assets, made 12 percent this year, according to an investor newsletter.On the equity side, Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 Stock Average edged down 0.7 percent through November amid disillusionment with government policies to stoke growth. China funds struggled to claw back from losses after the Shanghai Composite Index plunged 22 percent in January amid concerns about the country’s economic slowdown, a falling currency and regulations.




Among some of the funds with losses:Greenwoods Asset Management’s $1.5 billion Golden China Fund is down 5.1 percent this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Symphony Financial Partners’s SFP Value Realization Fund, which invests in Japanese companies and works with management to prompt actions such as share buybacks, is set to have its first loss since 2009. The fund fell 6 percent this year through November, according to Co-founder David Baran, who said a lot of the volatility and uncertainty that sparked market declines are “somewhat behind us.”The $24 million Tantallon Fund, which trades Asia-Pacific stocks, lost nearly 13 percent this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The fund fell nearly 15 percent in March in the worst month in its 13-year history when its bearish bets on most regional indexes and bullish bets on dollar suffered, according to a newsletter posted on its website. Rega Capital Dynamic Value Fund, a long-short China hedge fund, fell 35 percent this year through Nov. 30, according to the firm.Some equity-focused funds bucked the trend.Ally Bridge LB Healthcare Fund, managed by Hong Kong-based former Merck & Co. scientist Li Bin, made nearly 27 percent in the first 11 months, according to an update sent to investors. The Asia-focused fund invests in mostly publicly traded stocks in the industry, targeting particularly opportunities created by Chinese medical reforms. Li researched pharmaceutical companies for Merrill Lynch & Co. and Morgan Stanley in New York and Hong Kong before joining Ally Bridge Group.The $68.3 million RWC Asia Opportunity Fund rose 16 percent this year, according to an e-mailed statement from London-based RWC Partners. Winning trades include Korean steelmaker Posco and Japan’s Sumco Corp., said Garret Mallal, the fund’s Singapore-based manager.United Gain Investment’s ASEAN Plus Three Segregated Portfolio, with $15 million of assets, rose 16 percent this year, said Lau Chi Yiu, chief investment officer of the Hong Kong-based firm that oversees $300 million of assets. Profitable trades for the fund that focuses on Southeast Asia as well as Hong Kong, Japan and South Korea included Indonesian stocks such as noodles-maker PT Tiga Pilar Sejahtera Food Tbk and cement maker PT Semen Baturaja Persero Tbk.Representatives from Ally Bridge, Greenwoods, Tantallon and Serica declined to comment.



Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.

LEARN MORE













Most Read


Rolls-Royce Unveils Its Grandest Car Yet, the Phantom VIII


Why You’re Being Invited to Fewer Weddings


Jeff Bezos Briefly Tops Bill Gates as the World's Richest Person


Delivery Day Is Here for Tesla’s Model 3


Wells Fargo Does It Again, This Time With Unwanted Auto Insurance



















































      Dymon Hedge Fund in Catch-Up Mode After SNB Move  - WSJ
    











































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      S&amp;P 500, Nasdaq Fall for the Week on Pressure From Tech Sector
                    











                      Sapphire Reserve Cards Not So Rewarding for J.P. Morgan
                    











                      UBS, Credit Suisse Boost Earnings After Strategic Shift
                    











                      Buyout Firm Blames China-Bashing for Stalled Deal
                    











                        Tax Report
                      

                      Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many
                    











                      Meet Randal Quarles, Trump’s Pick to Shake Up the Fed
                    











                        Heard on the Street
                      

                      Investors Too Wary of the Amazon Effect
                    











                      A Plan to Fill the Massive Gender Gap in Asset Management
                    











                      Wells Fargo to Refund $80 Million to Auto-Loan Customers
                    











                      Why Pandas Are Becoming Popular in Hungary
                    











                      Trump Administration to Wind Down myRA Program
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Markets


Financial Services



                    Hedge Funds
                




Dymon Hedge Fund in Catch-Up Mode After SNB Move 
The hedge fund is down 5.5% after cutting its January losses by betting against the euro

 






By

Mia Lamar


Mia Lamar
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyMia Lamar
@mia_lamar





  April 22, 2015 2:34 a.m. ET





Singapore-based Dymon Asia Capital Ltd. ended the first quarter with a sharp decline in its largest hedge fund, a bruising performance for one of Asia’s biggest managers but also a quick turnaround from heavy losses suffered earlier in the year.  The Dymon Asia Macro Fund is down 5.5% after fees through March, according to a letter sent to investors this week and seen by The Wall Street Journal. The fund slid 10.5% in January, one of many around the world to be rocked by the Swiss National Bank’s shocking decision to...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Opinion: Who Paid for the ‘Trump Dossier’?








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Opinion: Who Paid for the ‘Trump Dossier’?








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 













 

Hedge Fund Select: Dymon Asia Macro Fund Ltd - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/129765-hedge-fund-select-dymon-asia-macro-fund-ltdsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=129765  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Hedge Fund Select: Dymon Asia Macro Fund LtdCompany DetailsGet alertedif Hedge Fund Select: Dymon Asia Macro Fund Ltd gets funded!Hedge Fund Select: Dymon Asia Macro Fund LtdFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 14th, 2014$12,625,000-View DealOctober 15th, 2013$2,000,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Hedge Fund Select: Dymon Asia Macro Fund Ltd gets funded?Key peopleKent ClarkDirectorHelen CrowleyDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

BFAM, Dymon Shine in Asia Hedge Funds’ Toughest Year Since 2011 - Bloomberg Quint

































































































Bloomberg the Company & Its Products
The Quint






Bloomberg

 Bloomberg | Quint is a multiplatform, Indian business and financial news company. We combine Bloomberg’s global leadership in business and financial news and data, with Quintillion Media’s deep expertise in the Indian market and digital news delivery, to provide high quality business news, insights and trends for India’s sophisticated audiences. 



Company

Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
Philanthropy & Engagement
Sustainability
Technology
History & Facts



Financial Products

Bloomberg Terminal
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indices
Bloomberg SEF
Bloomberg Institute



Enterprise Products

Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Bloomberg Vault
Bloomberg PolarLake



Media

Bloomberg
Bloomberg Politics
Bloomberg View
Bloomberg Gadfly
Bloomberg Television
Bloomberg Radio
Bloomberg Mobile Apps
News Bureaus



Customer Support


Americas
+1 212 318 2000


Europe, Middle East, & Africa
+44 20 7330 7500


Asia Pacific
+65 6212 1000




Communications

Press Announcements
Press Contacts



Industry Products

Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law/BNA
Bloomberg Big Law
Bloomberg New Energy Finance



Media Services

Advertising
Bloomberg Content Service
Bloomberg Live Conferences



Follow Us

 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Instagram 



Bloomberg Customers

Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login
Download Software
Service Center












Pedestrians cross a road in front of an electronic stock board in Japan.(Photographer: Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg)




        BFAM, Dymon Shine in Asia Hedge Funds’ Toughest Year Since 2011
      













Klaus Wille


Bei Hu


Kathleen Chu






          30 Dec 2016, 13:22 pm
        

          20 Dec 2016, 21:00 pm
        














 


















Editor's Choice



 GST-Related Earnings Weakness Priced In, Says Jyotivardhan Jaipuria 




 Why Bihar Matters, To India And PM Modi: BQ Explains 




 Flipkart May Be Able To Buy Snapdeal For $850 Million 




 With Banks Focused On The Distressed Dozen, Resolution On Smaller Accounts Slows 




 The BMR Saga: Built On Talent, Beaten By It 
























 





















(Bloomberg) -- One man’s junk is another man’s treasure.






That’s a credo that’s helped some of Asia’s top hedge funds this year as peers stumbled, with BFAM Partners, LIM Advisors and Serica Partners Asia surging in 2016 after snapping up or adding commodity-related bonds during a first-quarter selloff. Their performance stood out as the region’s hedge funds struggled with volatile markets in Japan and China, with offerings from Greenwoods Asset Management, Symphony Financial Partners and Tantallon Capital among those with losses.






Asia’s hedge funds are trailing global peers for the first time since 2011, threatening to further erode investor confidence amid a global backlash against lackluster performance and high fees. They’ve eked out a 0.8 percent gain in the 11 months through November, on track for the lowest annual return in five years, according to Eurekahedge data.






For more on hedge fund winners and losers, click here






“The year has been characterized by a great run in credit,” said Marlon Sanchez, Deutsche Bank AG’s Hong Kong-based Asia-Pacific head of prime finance.






Among some of the top hedge funds betting on credit:






BFAM’s multistrategy Asian Opportunities Master Fund, which is expected to end the year with more than $2 billion of assets, gained 16 percent this year through November, said a person with knowledge of the matter who asked not to be named as the information is private. About 35 percent of its returns this year came from credit trades that include buying distressed commodity bonds in the first quarter whose values have since rebounded, said Chief Investment Officer Benjamin Fuchs, who declined to comment on returns. Other trades include the debt restructuring of Chinese property developer Kaisa Group Holdings Ltd. and selling credit default swaps on embattled commodities firm Noble Group Ltd. to bearish investors in the first half. About half of its return this year came from volatility trades as event such as the U.K.’s vote to leave the European Union and the U.S. elections added to market swings.Serica’s credit fund, run by Ivan Lee in Hong Kong, surged more than 30 percent this year through November, said a person with knowledge of the matter. The majority of the profit came from the rebound in the value of Indonesian and resources company bonds it bought at the beginning of the year, said the person. It also made money from a number of distressed credit trades.The $304 million LIM Asia Special Situations Fund, managed by Don Ewer and Peter Warbanoff, made 10 percent after fees in the same period, said George Long, LIM’s chief investment officer. High-yield bonds, especially those in the commodity industry, recovered as the industry rebounded and as some companies refinanced their debt. It also made money from loans, including distressed ones it picked up as early as last year that have rebounded in value, said Long, whose Hong Kong-based multistrategy hedge-fund firm has $1.6 billion of assets under management. Another credit-related hedge fund that shone was OCP Asia’s about $1 billion Orchard Landmark Fund. It returned nearly 13 percent this year through November, making direct loans to small- and medium-sized companies across the Asia-Pacific region, said a person with knowledge of the matter. OCP Asia manages about $1.2 billion out of its Singapore and Hong Kong offices.






Some of this year’s best-performing large hedge funds didn’t focus on credit. Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore)’s $3.4 billion macro fund gained about 12 percent in the 11 months, according to an estimate sent to investors. Its $721 million Dymon Asia Currency Value Fund, which focuses on currencies and gold and takes more concentrated bets, was up 45 percent. Bets on Asian currencies, particularly the Japanese yen, to weaken against the dollar drove returns for both. Separately, the $296 million Credence Global Fund, a relative-value hedge fund that seeks to profit from changes in price relationships between assets, made 12 percent this year, according to an investor newsletter.






On the equity side, Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 Stock Average edged down 0.7 percent through November amid disillusionment with government policies to stoke growth. China funds struggled to claw back from losses after the Shanghai Composite Index plunged 22 percent in January amid concerns about the country’s economic slowdown, a falling currency and regulations.






Among some of the funds with losses:






Greenwoods Asset Management’s $1.5 billion Golden China Fund is down 5.1 percent this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Symphony Financial Partners’s SFP Value Realization Fund, which invests in Japanese companies and works with management to prompt actions such as share buybacks, is set to have its first loss since 2009. The fund fell 6 percent this year through November, according to Co-founder David Baran, who said a lot of the volatility and uncertainty that sparked market declines are “somewhat behind us.”The $24 million Tantallon Fund, which trades Asia-Pacific stocks, lost nearly 13 percent this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The fund fell nearly 15 percent in March in the worst month in its 13-year history when its bearish bets on most regional indexes and bullish bets on dollar suffered, according to a newsletter posted on its website. Rega Capital Dynamic Value Fund, a long-short China hedge fund, fell 35 percent this year through Nov. 30, according to the firm.






Some equity-focused funds bucked the trend.






Ally Bridge LB Healthcare Fund, managed by Hong Kong-based former Merck & Co. scientist Li Bin, made nearly 27 percent in the first 11 months, according to an update sent to investors. The Asia-focused fund invests in mostly publicly traded stocks in the industry, targeting particularly opportunities created by Chinese medical reforms. Li researched pharmaceutical companies for Merrill Lynch & Co. and Morgan Stanley in New York and Hong Kong before joining Ally Bridge Group.The $68.3 million RWC Asia Opportunity Fund rose 16 percent this year, according to an e-mailed statement from London-based RWC Partners. Winning trades include Korean steelmaker Posco and Japan’s Sumco Corp., said Garret Mallal, the fund’s Singapore-based manager.United Gain Investment’s ASEAN Plus Three Segregated Portfolio, with $15 million of assets, rose 16 percent this year, said Lau Chi Yiu, chief investment officer of the Hong Kong-based firm that oversees $300 million of assets. Profitable trades for the fund that focuses on Southeast Asia as well as Hong Kong, Japan and South Korea included Indonesian stocks such as noodles-maker PT Tiga Pilar Sejahtera Food Tbk and cement maker PT Semen Baturaja Persero Tbk.






Representatives from Ally Bridge, Greenwoods, Tantallon and Serica declined to comment.


















 Bloomberg 


                  Stay updated with Markets news on BloombergQuint
              





Recommended for you



              Nasdaq Shows Its Soft Spot Again as Quant Note Trips Selling Fit
            



              Libor: The Rise and Fall of `The World’s Most Important Number'
            



              Oil Caps Best Week This Year on Signs of More Balanced Market
            



              Dr. Reddy’s Profit Misses Estimates On U.S. Price Cuts, GST
            


























































