



James P. Heffernan of United Natural Foods Inc Board of Directors

















 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 



 



United Natural Foods Inc
 UNFI


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData QuestionQuoteChartStock AnalysisPerformanceKey RatiosFinancialsValuationInsidersOwnershipFilingsBondsOverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Board of Directors
                > James P. Heffernan
            
James P. Heffernan, Lead Independent Director



Profile
Connections






Biography



    James P. Heffernan, age 70, has served as a member of the Board since March 2000. Mr. Heffernan serves as Lead Independent Director, Chair of the Compensation Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Heffernan has served as a Director of Command Security Corp. since October 2010 and as a Director of Quinpario Acquisition Corp. since August 2013. Mr. Heffernan previously served as Vice Chairman and Trustee of the New York Racing Association from November 1998 until 2012, a member of the Board of Directors of Solutia, Inc. from February 2008 until July 2012, and a member of the Board of Directors of Columbia Gas System, Inc. from January 1993 until November 2000.
    





Board Membership



Company Name
Board Member Since
Board Committees







Command Security Corp
-
AUDIT,BOARD,COMPENSATION,NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE







United Natural Foods Inc
2000
AUDIT,BOARD,COMPENSATION,FINANCE,NOMINATING







James P. Heffernan is connected to 14 Board Members.See list of all Board Connections.

 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.













 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 















JAMES P HEFFERNAN - ST. LOUIS, MO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



ST. LOUIS



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            JAMES P HEFFERNAN
                                    



 





















J 


JAMES P HEFFERNAN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



11134 LINDBERGH BUSINESS ST. LOUIS, MO 63123
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts JAMES P HEFFERNAN







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


James P Heffernan was founded in 2005. James P Heffernan specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















News on James P. Heffernan


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    James P. Heffernan                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


James P. Heffernan











United Natural Foods appoints Steven Spinner as chairman


                                November 1, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... the last eight years UNFI has undergone a dramatic evolution,” said James P. Heffernan, UNFI’s lead independent director. “On behalf of the Board of Directors, ...
                                









United Natural Foods Announces Appointment of CEO Steven L. Spinner to Chairman


                                October 31, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... the last eight years UNFI has undergone a dramatic evolution," said James P. Heffernan, UNFI's lead independent director. "On behalf of the Board of Directors, ...
                                









Jason Industries, Inc Appoints Jeffry N. Quinn Interim Chief Executive Officer and Makes Governance Changes


                                November 9, 2015                                 • 
                                GlobeNewswire                            


                                  ... Officer will join the Board and fill the current vacancy. Additionally, James P. Heffernan has been appointed Acting Chairman of the Compensation Committee until such ...
                                









Insurer whose fate was altered by TWA Flight 800 will fade away under new owner


                                September 24, 2014                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... Officer Martin Whitman, President and CEO C. Kirk Rhein Jr., and CFO James Heffernan would describe in the company's 1995 annual report as the "nearly ...
                                









Quinpario Partners Discloses Group Ownership Of 10.13% In Zoltek


                                March 4, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... director candidates, Jeffry N. Quinn, Edgar G. Hotard, Walter Thomas Jagodinski, James P. Heffernan, and Dr. John Rutledge, to the Board to fill the resulting ...
                                









Quinpario Partners Discloses Group Ownership Of 10.13% In Zoltek.


                                March 4, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... director candidates, Jeffry N. Quinn, Edgar G. Hotard, Walter Thomas Jagodinski, James P. Heffernan, and Dr. John Rutledge, to the Board to fill the resulting ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Danielson Holding Corp.







Alumni of Le Moyne College







James P. Heffernan

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













   James Heffernan | Danielson Holding Corporation | ZoomInfo.com


James P Heffernan - Paradise Valley, AZ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James P Heffernan in Paradise Valley, AZ


James P Heffernan

                                                                           Intelius found that James P Heffernan  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Paradise Valley, AZ.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

James P Heffernan is in his 60s

James Has Lived In

Paradise Valley, AZ
Scottsdale, AZ

James's Relatives

Troy Heffernan
Kathryn Heffernan
Kyle Heffernan







James P Heffernan



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James P Heffernan
Get a Criminal Check on James P Heffernan
Get a Public Record Report on James P Heffernan
Get a People Search Report on James P Heffernan


James P Heffernan's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James P Heffernan has lived as well as James P Heffernan's phone numbers and email addresses.




James P Heffernan Has Lived in 1 States
Arizona Address for James P Heffernan


5025 N M**** V**** D* 

Paradise Valley, AZ


Has Lived In

Paradise Valley, AZ
Scottsdale, AZ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James P Heffernan

(480) ***-**** - Paradise Valley, AZ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James P Heffernan



Get Email Report




James P Heffernan's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James P Heffernan


James P Heffernan's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James P Heffernan's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James Heffernan
Username Matches

                  JamesHeffernan
                  HeffernanJames
                  James.Heffernan
                  Heffernan.James
                  James_Heffernan
                  Heffernan_James
                  James-Heffernan
                  Heffernan-James
                  JHeffernan
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Heffernan







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














































United States v. James P. Heffernan, 43 F.3d 1144 – CourtListener.com














Toggle navigation













About
FAQ
Tour

Donate


Sign in / Register




From Free Law Project, a 501(c)(3) non-profit.









Opinions


RECAP Archive


Oral Arguments


Judges


Visualizations 



Gallery


SCOTUS Networks


New Network




Donate










Your Notes

                    (edit)
                     


                    (none)
                




Cited By (11) 




This case has been cited by these opinions:


United States v. Mija S. Romer, United States of America v. Khem ... (1998)


In Re Insurance Brokerage Antitrust Litigation (2010)


United States v. Doss E. Pullen (1996)


United States of America, Cross-Appellee v. Hayter Oil Company, Inc. Of Greeneville, ... (1995)


United States v. Todd Dyer (2000)




                        View All Citing Opinions
                    



Authorities (21)
This opinion cites:



                                Mistretta v. United States, 488 U.S. 361 (1989)
                            



                                United States v. Broce, 488 U.S. 563 (1989)
                            



                                United States Ex Rel. Marcus v. Hess, 317 U.S. 537 ...
                            



                                United States v. Mirna Rivera, United States v. Robert Adamo, ...
                            



                                State of New York v. Hendrickson Brothers, Inc., Amfar Asphalt ...
                            




                        View All Authorities
                    



Share



 
        

 
        

 

        





Support FLP 

            CourtListener is a project of Free
            Law Project, a federally-recognized 501(c)(3) non-profit. We
            rely on donations for our financial security.
        
Please support our work with a donation.

Donate Now





United States v. James P. Heffernan, 43 F.3d 1144 (7th Cir. 1994)





                        Sign in or register to save a favorite.
                    

(click to dismiss)



Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit

Filed:

                    December 27th, 1994
                    
                


Precedential Status:

                    Precedential
                


Citations:

                    43 F.3d 1144
                


Docket Number:

                    94-1080
                






43 F.3d 1144
1994-2 Trade Cases  P 70,831
UNITED STATES of America, Plaintiff-Appellee,v.James P. HEFFERNAN, Defendant-Appellant.
No. 94-1080.
United States Court of Appeals,Seventh Circuit.
Argued Oct. 5, 1994.Decided Dec. 27, 1994.

Barry Rand Elden, Asst. U.S. Atty., Crim.  Receiving, Appellate Div., Chicago, IL, John J. Powers, III, Dept. of Justice, Antitrust Div., Appellate Section, Andrea Limmer (argued), Dept. of Justice, Antitrust Div., Washington, DC, for U.S.
George Murtaugh, Jr., Lydon & Griffin, Royal B. Martin, Jr., Daniel T. Hartnett (argued), Martin, Brown & Sullivan, Chicago, IL, for James P. Heffernan.
Before POSNER, Chief Judge, and ENGEL* and EASTERBROOK, Circuit Judges.
POSNER, Chief Judge.


1
James Heffernan, vice-president of a company that makes steel drums, conspired with executives of competing companies to sell the most common type of drum at identical prices to two large buyers.  He was convicted of violating section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. Sec. 1, and was sentenced to 24 months in prison.  He would have received a shorter sentence had the judge not found that his offense was "bid-rigging" rather than simple price fixing.  The federal sentencing guideline applicable to "Bid-Rigging, Price-Fixing, or Market-Allocation Agreements Among Competitors," U.S.S.G. Sec. 2R1.1--the antitrust guideline, as it is known--imposes a one-level increase in the base offense level of a defendant whose offense involves the submission of "noncompetitive bids."  Sec.  2R1.1(b)(1).  The commentary, oddly, does not repeat the term "noncompetitive bids."   Instead, like the title of the guideline, it uses, evidently as a synonym for "noncompetitive bids," the term "bid rigging."   This is clearest in the background commentary, which states flatly:  "the [Sentencing] Commission has specified a 1-level increase for bid-rigging."   The government, too, treats the terms as synonyms.  Its brief states:  "bid rigging is simply the submission of any 'subverted' or 'collusive,' i.e., 'noncompetitive' bid";  "the identical bids submitted by Heffernan and his cohorts were surely non-competitive;  indeed, they were plainly rigged."   And at oral argument, the government's lawyer said, "I think the terms are meant synonymously, and there's nothing in the guidelines that suggests otherwise."   The question presented by the appeal is whether Heffernan is indeed a bid rigger or, equivalently, a noncompetitive bidder, and this turns on what the term "bid rigging," or the less common term "noncompetitive bids," means.


2
The background commentary explains that the purpose behind the antitrust guideline is to specify the punishment for those antitrust violations about which there is "near universal agreement" that they "can cause serious economic harm."   These violations--the core per se offenses that no (well, very few) economists believe can be justified--are comprised of "restrictive agreements among competitors, such as horizontal price-fixing (including bid rigging) and horizontal market-allocation."   See generally Joseph C. Gallo et al., "Criminal Penalties under the Sherman Act:  A Study of Law and Economics," 16 Research in Law and Economics 25 (1994).  Heffernan argues that the term "bid rigging" and its synonym should be confined to bid rotation, what Application Note 6 calls the submission of "complementary bids":  for each job the competitors agree which of them shall be the low bidder, and the others submit higher bids to make sure the designated bidder wins.  There was no bid rotation here;  two purchasers solicited bids and the conspirators submitted identical bids.  The government argues that "bid rigging" includes all forms of collusion in a bidding process.


3
The sentencing guideline and its commentary do not define "bid rigging."   For that matter they do not define "noncompetitive bids," but as we have said they appear to treat these terms as synonyms.  No case before today has had to decide what either term means in the guidelines.  We affirmed the convictions of Heffernan and two of his coconspirators in United States v. Rubin, 999 F.2d 194 (7th Cir.1993), but vacated the sentences because the defendants had been sentenced under the mail-fraud guideline rather than under the antitrust guideline, which we believed was error;  so there was not yet any issue of adjusting a price-fixing sentence because of bid rigging.


4
Before the guidelines were promulgated (and since, in cases that do not involve sentencing), the term "bid rigging," though much bandied about in antitrust cases, did not denote a distinct offense.  It was merely a descriptive term for a subset of price-fixing cases, so no one bothered with a careful definition.  Nevertheless, for what it is worth, we point out that the vast majority of cases in which the term has appeared have treated it as a synonym for bid rotation.  See, e.g., United States v. Broce, 488 U.S. 563, 565, 577, 109 S. Ct. 757, 760, 766, 102 L. Ed. 2d 927 (1989);  United States v. Ward Baking Co., 376 U.S. 327, 328, 332, 84 S. Ct. 763, 765, 767, 11 L. Ed. 2d 743 (1964);  United States ex rel. Marcus v. Hess, 317 U.S. 537, 539 n. 1, 63 S. Ct. 379, 382 n. 1, 87 L. Ed. 443 (1943);  United States v. Alex Janows & Co., 2 F.3d 716, 718 (7th Cir.1993);  Moore v. United States, 865 F.2d 149, 151 (7th Cir.1989);  United States v. Walker, 653 F.2d 1343, 1345 (9th Cir.1981);  United States v. All Star Industries, 962 F.2d 465, 470, 472 (5th Cir.1992);  United States v. MMR Corp., 907 F.2d 489, 493 (5th Cir.1990);  United States v. Pippin, 903 F.2d 1478, 1479 (11th Cir.1990);  New York v. Hendrickson Bros., Inc., 840 F.2d 1065, 1084 (2d Cir.1988).  We have mostly cited recent cases but could cite as many decided before the antitrust guideline was promulgated on November 1, 1987.  Consistently with the fact that the antitrust guideline equates "noncompetitive bids" to "bid rigging," many of the cases we have cited, and others we could cite, use the terms interchangeably to mean bid rotation.  See, e.g., United States v. Broce, supra, 488 U.S. at 565, 577, 109 S.Ct. at 760, 766;  United States v. Ward Baking Co., supra, 376 U.S. at 328, 332, 84 S.Ct. at 765, 767;  United States v. Alex Janows & Co., supra, 2 F.3d at 718;  United States v. All Star Industries, supra, 962 F.2d at 473;  United States v. MMR Corp., supra, 907 F.2d at 494;  United States v. Pippin, supra, 903 F.2d at 1479;  New York v. Hendrickson Bros., Inc., supra, 840 F.2d at 1084;  United States v. Evans & Associates Construction Co., 839 F.2d 656, 657, 661 (11th Cir.1988).


5
The cases the government cites for a broader usage of the term "bid rigging" are inapt.  The government's favorite case, United States v. Portsmouth Paving Corp., 694 F.2d 312, 325 (4th Cir.1982), defines bid rigging as "any agreement between competitors pursuant to which contract offers are to be submitted to or withheld from a third party."   That is not remotely what happened in the present case.  There was no agreement on who would bid, only on what the bid would be.  The court in Portsmouth did say that "a requirement that coconspirators agree to reciprocate by submitting complementary bids on future projects" is not part of the definition of bid rigging, id. at 325 (emphasis added).  But the case was in fact a standard bid rotation case, see id. at 316 and n. 2, and the court thought the defendants' violation more serious precisely because bids were rotated, which eliminated all competition rather than just price competition.  Id. at 317.   The other cases that the government cites either quote Portsmouth but then go on to make clear that they understand bid rigging to mean bid rotation, as in United States v. Mobile Materials, Inc., 881 F.2d 866, 869, 871 (10th Cir.1989), and United States v. Reicher, 983 F.2d 168, 170 (10th Cir.1992), or simply do not indicate what they mean by bid rigging, as in Ramsay v. Vogel, 970 F.2d 471, 474 (8th Cir.1992).  We have found only one case in which "bid rigging" is used to mean some other kind of interference with the integrity of a bidding system.  It is Harkins Amusement Enterprises, Inc. v. General Cinema Corp., 850 F.2d 477, 487 (9th Cir.1988), and it happens to be a post-guidelines case, so it could not have influenced the Sentencing Commission in the drafting of the antitrust guideline.  What is more, it was a case that involved an agreement to exclude a competitor from bidding--a little like bid rotation--not an agreement to submit identical bids.


6
Given that "bid rigging" appears to have had a reasonably settled meaning at the time the guidelines were promulgated, it is plausible (no stronger word is possible) that the draftsmen of the antitrust guideline meant to incorporate that meaning, in which event Heffernan would be entitled to be resentenced.  (At the risk of becoming tedious, we repeat that the operative term in the guideline itself, as distinct from the title and commentary--"noncompetitive bids"--cannot be given a broader meaning.)   But we should also consider the draftsmen's purpose in singling out bid rigging for more severe punishment than other forms of price fixing, for that purpose might point to a broader meaning.  The background commentary explains that "volume of commerce is liable to be an understated measure in some bid-rigging cases.  For this reason, and consistent with pre-guidelines practice, the [Sentencing] Commission has specified a 1-level increase for bid-rigging."   Application Note 6 further explains that "understatement of seriousness is especially likely in cases involving complementary bids."   It gives as an example a defendant who agrees not to submit a bid, or to submit an unreasonably high bid, on one occasion, in exchange for his being the designated low bidder on another occasion.  If he doesn't get the second bid, he will not have any "volume of commerce";  and even if he does get the second bid, his volume of commerce will understate the volume affected by his participation in the bidding scheme.  "The court should consider sentences near the top of the guideline range in such cases."


7
These two pieces of commentary (one in the background commentary, the other in Application Note 6) support the defendant's argument that bid rigging means bid rotation.  The basic criterion that the guideline uses for determining the gravity of an antitrust violation is the volume of commerce attributable to the defendant, defined as "the volume of commerce done by him or his principal in goods or services that were affected by the violation."  Sec.  2R1.1(b).  If the defendant as part of a bid-rotation scheme does not submit a bid, and therefore does not make a sale, there may be, as we have pointed out, no commerce to attribute to him or (in this case) his employer, even though he has participated in a scheme that may have had a significant effect on commerce.  The simplest way to deal with this problem, and one that would be consistent with the usual treatment of conspiracy in the guidelines, U.S.S.G. Sec. 1B1.3(a)(1)(B);  United States v. Blankenship, 970 F.2d 283, 288 (7th Cir.1992), would be to attribute the sales of each member of the conspiracy to all the others.  The antitrust guideline does not do that.  The only sales attributed to the conspirator are his own sales or, in the case of an individual fixing prices on behalf of his employer (or other principal), his employer's sales.  Hence the need, as the draftsmen saw it, for a compensatory increase in sentencing when the defendant as part of the conspiracy has not submitted a bid (or at least a bid that any buyer would accept), hence has not made a sale, hence has no volume of commerce.


8
Application Note 6 is expressly about bid rotation.  It advises that in such cases the judge consider going to the top of the guideline range.  But we know that the guideline requires a one-level increase in all bid-rigging cases.  If bid rigging means bid rotation, so that a one-level increase in the base offense level has been decreed in all bid-rotation cases, what sense does it make to advise the judge to go to the top of the guideline range in such cases on the ground that the guideline may understate the seriousness of the defendant's conduct in a bid-rotation case?   The one-level increase had been designed to avoid just such an understatement, if bid rigging means nothing more than bid rotation.  Another provision of the guideline, moreover, refers to "a bid-rigging case in which the organization submitted one or more complementary bids," U.S.S.G. Sec. 2R1.1(d)(3), implying that some bid rigging does not or at least need not involve bid rotation.  Yet when bidding shenanigans do not take the form of bid rotation, the problem of understating the volume of commerce is no more serious than in any other price-fixing case--yet the danger of understatement is the only reason, other than "pre-guidelines practice," not further specified, that the commentary gives for the one-level increase, and it is a reason applicable only to bid rotation--if there.  For purposes of determining the amount of commerce, the guideline counts every sale just once, whether or not bids (rotated or otherwise) are involved.  If one bid rigger's bid fails, another member of the ring gets the sale, and the sale is added to his volume of commerce.  But the same is true if two ordinary price fixers make identical offers and one is accepted.


9
So the guideline commentary itself does not dispel the mystery.  But what about the pre-guidelines practice, to which the commentary refers?   Many of the sentencing guidelines codify rather than alter pre-guidelines sentencing practices.  See United States Sentencing Commission, Guidelines Manual ch. 1, pt. A(3), p. 3 (Nov. 1994).  Unfortunately the parties have not told us anything about the pre-guidelines punishment of price fixing in bidding situations.  Since the government has records of all such punishments, its failure to advise us concerning the pre-guidelines practice suggests, though very weakly in light of plausible alternative explanations, that the practice does not support its current position.  Our own research has turned up an empirical study which tentatively concluded that bid riggers were indeed punished more severely than other price fixers in the era before the guidelines, but the study does not define bid rigging and it suggests that the heavier sentences were attributable to the fact that government purchasers, the main users of sealed bidding procurement methods, are easy touches for price fixers.  Mark A. Cohen and David T. Scheffman, "The Antitrust Sentencing Guideline:  Is the Punishment Worth the Costs?"  27 Am.Crim.L.Rev. 331, 344-47 (1989).  The most complete study of Sherman Act punishments, James C. Clabault & Michael K. Block, Sherman Act Indictments 1955-1980 (1981) (2 vols.), lists punishments for bid rigging separately but does not define the term, although a spot check of the cases indicates that the label usually refers to bid rotation and that when the case involves identical bids the authors classify it as simple price fixing.


10
Another possibility, when the meaning of a guideline is in doubt, is to interpret it in accordance with the sentencing guidelines' penal philosophy.  This is not easy to do in general, because the guidelines forswear the articulation of such a philosophy.  See Guidelines Manual, supra, ch. 1, pt. A(3), pp. 3-4;  Andrew von Hirsch, "Federal Sentencing Guidelines:  Do They Provide Principled Guidance?"  27 Am.Crim.L.Rev. 367, 371 (1989).  The statute authorizing the guidelines, however, makes reasonably clear that deterrence, incapacitation, retribution, and rehabilitation are the principal considerations in sentencing under the guidelines.  18 U.S.C. Sec. 3553(a)(2);  Mistretta v. United States, 488 U.S. 361, 367, 109 S. Ct. 647, 652, 102 L. Ed. 2d 714 (1989);  United States v. Rivera, 994 F.2d 942, 949 (1st Cir.1993);  United States v. Mogel, 956 F.2d 1555, 1558 (11th Cir.1992).  We can ask which interpretation of bid rigging, the broad or the narrow, would serve these goals better.  No one supposes that antitrust defendants require rehabilitation to make them productive, law-abiding citizens upon their release from prison.  Incapacitation--preventing this defendant from committing future crimes by keeping him in prison and thus out of circulation--does not appear to be an important element in the punishment of antitrust violators, either;  their prison sentences are short by contemporary standards.  Considerations of retribution are normally thought to argue for proportioning punishment to the gravity of the crime.  These considerations would be relevant here if the submission of identical bids were a graver antitrust violation than other forms of price fixing, and we shall consider that possibility.


11
Deterrence is the goal most pertinent to the antitrust guideline.  Indeed, the background commentary says that "the controlling consideration underlying this guideline is general deterrence."  ("General" deterrence means deterrence of others besides the offender;  "specific" deterrence means deterring this offender from repeating his offense.)   Considerations of (general) deterrence argue for punishing more heavily those offenses that either are lucrative or are difficult to detect and punish, since both attributes go to increase the expected benefits of a crime and hence the punishment required to deter it.  Let us, therefore, merging considerations of retribution and of deterrence, consider whether bid rigging, in either the broad sense contended for by the government or the narrow sense (bid rotation) contended by for the defendant, is a graver, more lucrative, or more difficult to detect and punish offense than ordinary price fixing.


12
Bid rigging in the broad as well as in the narrow sense has been an enormously common form of price fixing, or at least an enormous emphasis of the Department of Justice in enforcing the Sherman Act.  Joseph C. Gallo, Joseph L. Craycraft, and Steven C. Bush, "Guess Who Came to Dinner:  An Empirical Study of Federal Antitrust Enforcement for the Period 1963-1984," 2 Review of Industrial Organization 106, 126-27 (1985).  A sealed-bid system of procurement makes it especially easy for price fixers to detect defectors from their conspiracy.  Whether they agree to rotate bids or to submit identical bids, as soon as the bids are opened and the winner announced all the bidders know whether the agreement has been violated, for they know who the winning bidder was and what his bid was.  The temptation of a member of a price-fixing conspiracy to cheat his fellows by shading the agreed price is very great, and is the bane of price fixers, so anything that facilitates the prompt detection of a cheater firms up the conspiracy.  In addition, sealed bidding tends to be used disproportionately by government agencies (because of traditional concerns about bribery of public employees), which, lacking as they do market incentives to minimize their costs, are often especially vulnerable to overcharging by their suppliers.  Sealed bidding also tends to be used in the purchase of inputs of a simple, standardized character, such as the steel drums involved in this case, where the costs of individual negotiations with potential suppliers may exceed the benefits.  These are also the products that it is easiest to fix the prices of, because there are few other dimensions on which the conspirators would also have to agree in order to eliminate competition among themselves.  Finally, when the buyer is asking suppliers to bid on a specified quantity, the normal effect of monopoly or cartel pricing in reducing the quantity of the product demanded is unlikely to operate unless the bids are really exorbitant;  so the cartel profits are likely to be greater because earned on a larger output.


13
But except for the point about the simple product, none of the arguments for punishing price fixing of bids more seriously than other price fixing has any application to this case, which for all we know is representative of a great number of cases involving the submission of identical bids.  The purchasers were not government agencies, but large private firms presumably well able to take care of themselves.  They were not asking for bids on a fixed quantity of drums--they asked for bids on a number of different quantities.  They did not employ sealed bids, and in fact one of the purchasers was accustomed to asking the high bidders to lower their prices.


14
This kind of "bid rigging" is indistinguishable from ordinary price fixing, in which competitors get together and agree to sell at a uniform price.  Which is all that happened here.  To punish Heffernan more heavily than an ordinary price fixer merely because his customers asked for "bids" rather than "offers" would be irrational.  This irrational result is avoided by interpreting "bid rigging" (equivalently "noncompetitive bids"), consistently with the cases and the pre-guidelines sentencing practice, as meaning bid rotation.  Since Heffernan did not engage in bid rigging in this sense, he should not have received the one-level increase in his base offense level.  That is our best guess as to the meaning of the antitrust guideline.  But we invite the Sentencing Commission to rewrite the guideline;  its treatment of bidding is a muddle.


15
Heffernan's sentence is vacated and the case is remanded with instructions to resentence him in conformity with this opinion.


16
SO ORDERED.



*
 Hon.  Albert J. Engel of the Sixth Circuit















































   James Heffernan | Danielson Holding Corporation | ZoomInfo.com

	JAMES HEFFERNAN Obituary - Orland Park, IL | Chicago Tribune






 



















































































Obituaries


















 POWERED BYSearch












Services






Robert J. Sheehy & Sons Funeral Home




9000 West 151st Street


Orland Park, IL  60462



(708) 857-7878


Website
View Map


Send Flowers











Resources


More Obituaries for HEFFERNAN


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












JAMES P. HEFFERNAN


Obituary
Condolences




























						James P. Heffernan, age 72, suddenly. Beloved husband of Amy, nee Jones, and the late Mary Barbara, nee Lowery; devoted father of Brian (Joan), Laura (Mark) St. John, Beth (Barry) Broome, Jim (Rebecca), John (Shannon), Kevin (David), Mariellen (Mike) Maloney, Brendan, and Patrick (Katherine) Heffernan; beloved step-father of Scott Jones; loving papa of 18; cherished brother of Mary Diane (Jack) Klaus; beloved uncle of many nieces and nephews. Visitation Friday from 2 to 9 p.m. Funeral Saturday, 9:15 a.m. from the Robert J. Sheehy & Sons Funeral Home, 9000 W. 151st St., Orland Park to St. Alexander Church, Mass 10 a.m. Interment St. Mary Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, donations to the Society of Mt. Carmel to benefit retired Carmelites, 1317 N. Frontage Road, Darien, IL 60561 would be appreciated. 708-857-7878 www.sheehyfh.com



Published in a Chicago Tribune Media Group Publication on Jan. 6, 2011


Read More











Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.







50 Entries



The Guest Book is Expired
Please restore the Guest Book to share in the life story for JAMES P. HEFFERNAN




"Captain Jim Heffernan, USMCR was one of my platoon leaders in Company "F", 2nd Battalion, 24th Marines,..."-Dudley McFadden

Restore the guest book





















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


View Funeral Home Details




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries

























































Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.





































Poplar Healthcare » Page not found
 

























Error 404 - Not Found




News & Events Archives 







3495 Hacks Cross Rd.  / Memphis, TN 38125      
        
        Home | Site Map | Copyright © 2011. Poplar Healthcare. All Rights Reserved.















Mr. James Heffernan - Attorney in Somers, NY - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















New YorkSomersJames Heffernan


Mr. James P. Heffernan








James P. Heffernan 
                                    



General Practice




Law Office:
James P. Hefferman, ESQ



Somers Law Firms


Law School:

Cornell  



Status:
In Good Standing


Licensed:
59 years














616 Heritage Hls
10589
Somers
NY









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™19/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


                        Reviews Pro Bono Cases✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™Not Available





















                    Contact Mr.  Heffernan















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want James P. Heffernan .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Richard L. Filiberto
Divorce & Family Law, Estate, Criminal, Personal Injury, Traffic
Carmel, NY 10512 (Putnam County)





CONTACT




Christopher Xavier Maher
Accident & Injury
Carmel, NY 10512 (Putnam County)





CONTACT




Victor M. Rodriguez
Accident & Injury, Criminal, Divorce & Family Law, Real Estate, Immigration
Danbury, CT 06811 (Fairfield County)





CONTACT








Angel I. Falcon
Criminal, DUI-DWI, Felony, Misdemeanor, Traffic
Fishkill, NY 12524 (Dutchess County)





CONTACT




Kevin T. McDermott
Family Law, Divorce, Child Custody, Child Support
Fishkill, NY 12524 (Dutchess County)





CONTACT




David A. Rubel
Divorce & Family Law, Criminal, Motor Vehicle, Wills & Probate, Landlord-Tenant
Beacon, NY 12508 (Dutchess County)





CONTACT








Anthony Michael Defazio
Criminal, Real Estate, Personal Injury, Wills, Workers' Compensation
Beacon, NY 12508 (Dutchess County)





CONTACT




John Lino Ponzini
Criminal, Divorce & Family Law
Wilton, CT 06897 (Fairfield County)





CONTACT




Scott Barry Ugell
Bankruptcy, Foreclosure, Divorce & Family Law, Accident & Injury, Criminal
New City, NY 10956 (Rockland County)





CONTACT








Dan L Wugman
Workers' Compensation, Social Security -- Disability
New City, NY 10956 (Rockland County)





CONTACT




Toby M. Schaffer
Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury, Workers' Compensation
Stamford, CT 06905 (Fairfield County)





CONTACT




Yvonne F. Garbett
Criminal, Divorce & Family Law, Juvenile Law
New City, NY 10956 (Rockland County)





CONTACT











Education






School
Degree
Major
Graduation




Cornell Law School

Law School
N/A






Admission






State / Court
Date




New York
1959






Additional Info



NY State Lawyer Additional Information:
Judicial Department of Admission: 1
Next Registration: 11/01/2018
Service Type:Private


Update Date:2017-02-21




Lawyer Badges


















41.338779,-73.711903













MAIN LOCATION


616 Heritage HlsSomers, NY 10589




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



President Trump States That He Would Stick With List of Potential Nominees for Future SCOTUS Vacancy

                    President Donald Trump told the Washington Times in an interview that in the event another Supreme Court seat opens, he would pick a nominee from his campaign list of potential nominees.
                




CLIENT APPRECIATION EVENT 2017 – MARK YOUR CALENDARS!

                    MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog

























New York Lawyer - Lawyer.com


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















New York Lawyer






                  New York Lawyer                





CITYCOUNTYView all New York  Lawyers or browse by county.Albany CountyAlbanyAlcoveAltamontBerneClarksvilleCoeymansCoeymans HollowCohoesDelmarDormansvilleEast BerneFeura BushGlenmontGuilderlandGuilderland CenterKnoxLathamMedusaNewtonvillePreston HollowRavenaRensselaervilleSelkirkSlingerlandsSouth BethlehemTroyVoorheesvilleWatervlietWesterloAllegany CountyAlfredAlfred StationAllentownAlmaAlmondAndoverAngelicaBelfastBelmontBlack CreekBolivarCanaseragaCaneadeaCentervilleCeresCubaFillmoreFriendshipHoughtonHumeLittle GeneseeRichburgRushfordScioSwainWellsvilleWest ClarksvilleWhitesvilleBronx CountyBronxBroome CountyBible School ParkBinghamtonCastle CreekChenango BridgeChenango ForksConklinCorbettsvilleDepositEndicottEndwellGlen AubreyHarpursvilleJohnson CityKillawogKirkwoodLisleMaineNinevehOuaquagaPort CraneTunnelVestalWhitney PointWindsorCattaraugus CountyAlleganyCattaraugusConewango ValleyDaytonDelevanEast OttoEast RandolphEllicottvilleFarmersville StationFranklinvilleFreedomGowandaGreat ValleyHinsdaleKill BuckLeonLimestoneLittle ValleyMachiasOleanOttoPerrysburgPortvilleRandolphSaint BonaventureSalamancaSanduskySouth DaytonSteamburgVersaillesWest ValleyWestons MillsYorkshireCayuga CountyAuburnAuroraCatoCayugaFair HavenGenoaKing FerryLockeMartvilleMeridianMontezumaMoraviaPoplar RidgePort ByronScipio CenterSterlingUnion SpringsWeedsportChautauqua CountyAshvilleBemus PointBroctonCassadagaCeloronChautauquaCherry CreekClymerDewittvilleDunkirkEllingtonFalconerFindley LakeForestvilleFredoniaFrewsburgGerryGreenhurstIrvingJamestownKennedyLakewoodLily DaleMaple SpringsMayvilleNiobePanamaPortlandRipleySheridanShermanSilver CreekSinclairvilleStocktonStowVan Buren PointWestfieldChemung CountyBig FlatsBreesportChemungElmiraErinHorseheadsLowmanMillportPine CityPine ValleyVan EttenWellsburgChenango CountyAftonBainbridgeEarlvilleEast PharsaliaGreeneGuilfordMc DonoughMount UptonNew BerlinNorth NorwichNorth PitcherNorwichOxfordPitcherPlymouthSherburneSmithville FlatsSmyrnaSouth New BerlinSouth OtselicSouth PlymouthClinton CountyAltonaAu Sable ForksCadyvilleChamplainChazyChurubuscoDannemoraEllenburgEllenburg CenterEllenburg DepotKeesevilleLyon MountainMooersMooers ForksMorrisonvillePeruPlattsburghRedfordRouses PointSaranacSchuyler FallsWest ChazyColumbia CountyAncramAncramdaleAusterlitzCanaanChathamClaverackColumbiavilleCopakeCopake FallsCraryvilleEast ChathamElizavilleGermantownGhentHillsdaleHollowvilleHudsonKinderhookLivingstonMalden BridgeMellenvilleNew LebanonNivervilleNorth ChathamOld ChathamPhilmontSpencertownStottvilleStuyvesantStuyvesant FallsValatieWest CopakeWest LebanonCortland CountyBlodgett MillsCincinnatusCortlandEast HomerHarfordHomerLittle YorkMarathonMc GrawPrebleTruxtonWilletDelaware CountyAndesArkvilleBloomvilleBovina CenterDavenportDavenport CenterDelanceyDelhiDenverDownsvilleEast BranchEast MeredithFishs EddyFleischmannsFranklinGrand GorgeHalcottsvilleHamdenHancockHarpersfieldHobartMargaretvilleMasonvilleMeridaleNew KingstonRoxburyShinhoppleSidneySidney CenterSouth KortrightStamfordTreadwellTrout CreekWaltonWest DavenportDutchess CountyAmeniaAnnandale On HudsonBangallBarrytownBeaconBillingsCastle PointChelseaClinton CornersDover PlainsFishkillGlenhamHolmesHopewell JunctionHughsonvilleHyde ParkLagrangevilleMillbrookMillertonPawlingPine PlainsPleasant ValleyPoughkeepsiePoughquagRed HookRhinebeckRhinecliffSalt PointStaatsburgStanfordvilleStormvilleTivoliVerbankWappingers FallsWassaicWingdaleErie CountyAkronAldenAngolaAthol SpringsBostonBowmansvilleBrantBuffaloChaffeeClarenceClarence CenterColdenCollinsCollins CenterCrittendenDepewDerbyEast AmherstEast AuroraEast ConcordEdenElmaFarnhamGetzvilleGlenwoodGrand IslandHamburgHollandLake ViewLancasterLawtonsMarillaNorth BostonNorth CollinsNorth EvansOrchard ParkSardiniaSouth WalesSpring BrookSpringvilleTonawandaWales CenterWest FallsEssex CountyBloomingdaleCrown PointElizabethtownEssexJayKeeneKeene ValleyLake PlacidLewisMinervaMinevilleMoriahMoriah CenterNew RussiaNewcombNorth HudsonOlmstedvilleParadoxPort HenryPort KentRay BrookSchroon LakeSeveranceTiconderogaUpper JayWestportWillsboroWilmingtonWitherbeeFranklin CountyBombayBrainardsvilleBrushtonBurkeChateaugayConstableDickinson CenterFort CovingtonGabrielsHogansburgLake ClearMaloneMoiraNorth BangorOwls HeadPaul SmithsRainbow LakeSaint Regis FallsSaranac LakeTupper LakeVermontvilleWhipplevilleFulton CountyBroadalbinCaroga LakeGloversvilleJohnstownMayfieldNorthvilleStratfordGenesee CountyAlexanderBasomBataviaBergenByronCorfuDarien CenterEast BethanyEast PembrokeElbaLe RoyLinwoodOakfieldPavilionSouth ByronStaffordGreene CountyAcraAshlandAthensCairoCatskillClimaxCornwallvilleCoxsackieDurhamEarltonEast DurhamEast JewettElka ParkFreeholdGreenvilleHaines FallsHannacroixHensonvilleHunterJewettLanesvilleLeedsLexingtonMaplecrestNew BaltimoreOak HillPalenvillePrattsvillePurlingRound TopSouth CairoSurpriseTannersvilleWest CoxsackieWest KillWindhamHamilton CountyBlue Mountain LakeHoffmeisterIndian LakeInletLake PleasantLong LakePisecoRaquette LakeSabaelSpeculatorWellsHerkimer CountyCold BrookDolgevilleEagle BayFrankfortHerkimerIlionJordanvilleLittle FallsMiddlevilleMohawkNewportOld ForgePolandSalisbury CenterThendaraVan HornesvilleWest WinfieldJefferson CountyAdamsAdams CenterAlexandria BayAntwerpBellevilleBlack RiverBrownvilleCalciumCape VincentCarthageChaumontClaytonDeferietDepauvilleDexterEllisburgEvans MillsFelts MillsFishers LandingFort DrumGreat BendHendersonHenderson HarborLa FargevilleLimerickLorraineMannsvilleNatural BridgeOxbowPhiladelphiaPierrepont ManorPlessisRedwoodRodmanSackets HarborTheresaThousand Island ParkThree Mile BayWatertownWellesley IslandKings CountyBrooklynLewis CountyBeaver FallsBrantinghamCastorlandConstablevilleCopenhagenCroghanDeer RiverDenmarkGlenfieldGreigHarrisvilleLowvilleLyons FallsMartinsburgPort LeydenTurinWest LeydenLivingston CountyAvonCaledoniaConesusDaltonDansvilleGeneseoGrovelandHemlockHuntLakevilleLeicesterLimaLivoniaLivonia CenterMount MorrisNundaPiffardRetsofScottsburgSonyeaSouth LimaSpringwaterYorkMadison CountyBouckvilleBrookfieldCanastotaCazenoviaChittenangoClockvilleDe RuyterEatonErievilleGeorgetownHamiltonHubbardsvilleLeonardsvilleMadisonMorrisvilleMunnsvilleNew WoodstockNorth BrookfieldOneidaPeterboroSolsvilleWampsvilleWest EatonWest EdmestonMonroe CountyAdams BasinBrockportChurchvilleClarksonEast RochesterFairportHamlinHenriettaHiltonHoneoye FallsMendonMortonMumfordNorth ChiliNorth GreecePenfieldPittsfordRochesterRushScottsvilleSpencerportWebsterWest HenriettaMontgomery CountyAmsterdamAuriesvilleCanajoharieEsperanceFondaFort HunterFort JohnsonFort PlainFultonvilleHagamanNellistonPalatine BridgeSaint JohnsvilleSprakersTribes HillNassau CountyAlbertsonAtlantic BeachBaldwinBayvilleBellmoreBethpageCarle PlaceCedarhurstEast MeadowEast NorwichEast RockawayElmontFarmingdaleFloral ParkFranklin SquareFreeportGarden CityGlen CoveGlen HeadGlenwood LandingGreat NeckGreenvaleHempsteadHewlettHicksvilleInwoodIsland ParkJerichoLawrenceLevittownLocust ValleyLong BeachLynbrookMalverneManhassetMassapequaMassapequa ParkMerrickMill NeckMineolaNew Hyde ParkOceansideOld BethpageOld WestburyOyster BayPlainviewPoint LookoutPort WashingtonRockville CentreRooseveltRoslynRoslyn HeightsSea CliffSeafordSyossetUniondaleValley StreamWantaghWest HempsteadWestburyWilliston ParkWoodburyWoodmereNew York CountyNew YorkNiagara CountyAppletonBarkerBurtGasportLewistonLockportMiddleportModel CityNewfaneNiagara FallsNiagara UniversityNorth TonawandaOlcottRansomvilleSanbornStella NiagaraWilsonYoungstownOneida CountyAlder CreekAvaBarneveldBlossvaleBoonvilleBridgewaterCamdenCassvilleChadwicksClark MillsClayvilleClintonDeansboroDurhamvilleForestportFranklin SpringsHinckleyHolland PatentKnoxboroLee CenterMarcyMc ConnellsvilleNew HartfordNew York MillsNorth BayOriskanyOriskany FallsProspectRemsenRomeSangerfieldSauquoitSherrillStittvilleSylvan BeachTabergUticaVernonVernon CenterVeronaVerona BeachWashington MillsWatervilleWestdaleWesternvilleWestmorelandWhitesboroWoodgateYorkvilleOnondaga CountyApulia StationBaldwinsvilleBrewertonBridgeportCamillusCiceroClayDelphi FallsEast SyracuseElbridgeFabiusFayettevilleJamesvilleJordanKirkvilleLa FayetteLiverpoolManliusMarcellusMariettaMemphisMinoaMottvilleNedrowPlainvillePompeySkaneatelesSkaneateles FallsSyracuseTullyWarnersOntario CountyBloomfieldCanandaiguaClifton SpringsEast BloomfieldFarmingtonFishersGenevaGorhamHallHoneoyeIoniaManchesterNaplesOaks CornersPhelpsPort GibsonSeneca CastleShortsvilleStanleyVictorWest BloomfieldOrange CountyArdenBellvaleBlooming GroveBullvilleCampbell HallCentral ValleyChesterCirclevilleCornwallCornwall On HudsonCuddebackvilleFloridaFort MontgomeryGoshenGreenwood LakeHarrimanHighland FallsHighland MillsHowellsHuguenotJohnsonMaybrookMiddletownMonroeMontgomeryMountainvilleNew HamptonNew MilfordNew WindsorNewburghOtisvillePine BushPine IslandPort JervisRock TavernSalisbury MillsSlate HillSouthfieldsSparrow BushSterling ForestSugar LoafThompson RidgeTuxedo ParkUnionvilleVails GateWaldenWarwickWashingtonvilleWest PointWesttownOrleans CountyAlbionClarendonFancherHolleyKendallKentKnowlesvilleLyndonvilleMedinaWaterportOswego CountyAltmarBernhards BayCentral SquareClevelandConstantiaFultonHannibalHastingsLaconaLycomingMalloryMaple ViewMexicoMinettoNew HavenOrwellOswegoParishPennellvillePhoenixPulaskiRedfieldRichlandSandy CreekWest MonroeWilliamstownOtsego CountyBurlington FlatsCherry ValleyColliersvilleCooperstownEast SpringfieldEast WorcesterEdmestonFly CreekGarrattsvilleGilbertsvilleHartwickLaurensMarylandMilfordMorrisMount VisionNew LisbonOneontaOtegoPortlandvilleRichfield SpringsRoseboomSchenevusSchuyler LakeSpringfield CenterUnadillaWells BridgeWest BurlingtonWest OneontaWestfordWorcesterPutnam CountyBrewsterCarmelCold SpringGarrisonLake PeekskillMahopacMahopac FallsPattersonPutnam ValleyQueens CountyArverneAstoriaBaysideBelleroseBreezy PointCambria HeightsCollege PointCoronaEast ElmhurstElmhurstFar RockawayFloral ParkFlushingForest HillsFresh MeadowsGlen OaksHollisHoward BeachJackson HeightsJamaicaKew GardensLittle NeckLong Island CityMaspethMiddle VillageOakland GardensOzone ParkQueens VillageRego ParkRichmond HillRidgewoodRockaway ParkRosedaleSaint AlbansSouth Ozone ParkSouth Richmond HillSpringfield GardensSunnysideWhitestoneWoodhavenWoodsideRensselaer CountyAverill ParkBerlinBrainardBuskirkCastleton On HudsonCherry PlainCropseyvilleEagle BridgeEast GreenbushEast NassauEast SchodackGraftonHoosickHoosick FallsJohnsonvilleMelroseNassauNorth HoosickPetersburgPoestenkillRensselaerSand LakeSchaghticokeSchodack LandingStephentownTroyValley FallsWest Sand LakeWynantskillRichmond CountyStaten IslandRockland CountyBear MountainBlauveltCongersGarnervilleHaverstrawHillburnMonseyNanuetNew CityNyackOrangeburgPalisadesPearl RiverPiermontPomonaSloatsburgSparkillSpring ValleyStony PointSuffernTallmanTappanThiellsTomkins CoveValley CottageWest HaverstrawWest NyackSaint Lawrence CountyBrasher FallsBrier HillCantonChase MillsChildwoldChippewa BayColtonCranberry LakeDe Kalb JunctionDe PeysterEdwardsFineGouverneurHailesboroHammondHannawa FallsHelenaHermonHeuveltonLawrencevilleLisbonMadridMassenaMorristownNewton FallsNicholvilleNorfolkNorth LawrenceNorwoodOgdensburgOswegatchieParishvillePiercefieldPotsdamPyritesRaymondvilleRensselaer FallsRichvilleRooseveltownRussellSouth ColtonStar LakeWaddingtonWanakenaWest StockholmWinthropSaratoga CountyBallston LakeBallston SpaBurnt HillsClifton ParkCorinthGalwayGansevoortGreenfield CenterHadleyMechanicvilleMiddle GrovePorter CornersRexfordRock City FallsRound LakeSaratoga SpringsSchuylervilleSouth Glens FallsStillwaterVictory MillsWaterfordSchenectady CountyAlplausDelansonDuanesburgPattersonvilleQuaker StreetRotterdam JunctionSchenectadySchoharie CountyCarlisleCentral BridgeCharlottevilleCobleskillFultonhamGallupvilleGilboaHowes CaveJeffersonMiddleburghNorth BlenheimRichmondvilleSchoharieSharon SpringsSloansvilleSummitWarnervilleWest FultonSchuyler CountyAlpineBeaver DamsBradfordBurdettCayutaHectorMecklenburgMontour FallsOdessaReading CenterRock StreamTyroneWatkins GlenWayneSeneca CountyFayetteInterlakenLodiOvidRomulusSeneca FallsWaterlooWillardSteuben CountyAddisonArkportAtlantaAvocaBathCameronCameron MillsCampbellCanisteoCohoctonCoopers PlainsCorningGreenwoodHammondsportHornellJasperKanonaLindleyPainted PostPerkinsvillePrattsburghPulteneyRexvilleSavonaTroupsburgWaylandWoodhullSuffolk CountyAmagansettAmityvilleAquebogueBabylonBay ShoreBayportBellportBlue PointBohemiaBrentwoodBridgehamptonBrightwatersBrookhavenCalvertonCenter MorichesCentereachCenterportCentral IslipCold Spring HarborCommackCopiagueCoramCutchogueDeer ParkEast HamptonEast IslipEast MarionEast MorichesEast NorthportEast QuogueEast SetauketEastportFarmingvilleFishers IslandGreat RiverGreenlawnGreenportHampton BaysHauppaugeHolbrookHoltsvilleHuntingtonHuntington StationIslandiaIslipIslip TerraceJamesportKings ParkLake GroveLaurelLindenhurstManorvilleMasticMastic BeachMattituckMedfordMelvilleMiddle IslandMiller PlaceMontaukMorichesMount SinaiNesconsetNew SuffolkNorth BabylonNorthportOakdaleOcean BeachOrientPatchoguePeconicPort JeffersonPort Jefferson StationQuogueRemsenburgRidgeRiverheadRocky PointRonkonkomaSag HarborSagaponackSaint JamesSayvilleSeldenShelter IslandShelter Island HeightsShirleyShorehamSmithtownSound BeachSouth JamesportSouthamptonSoutholdSpeonkStony BrookUptonWading RiverWainscottWater MillWest BabylonWest IslipWest SayvilleWesthamptonWesthampton BeachWyandanchYaphankSullivan CountyBarryvilleBethelBloomingburgBurlinghamCallicoonCallicoon CenterClaryvilleCochectonCochecton CenterEldredFallsburgFerndaleForestburghFremont CenterGlen SpeyGlen WildGrahamsvilleHankinsHarrisHighland LakeHortonvilleHurleyvilleJeffersonvilleKauneonga LakeKenoza LakeKiamesha LakeLake HuntingtonLibertyLivingston ManorLoch SheldrakeLong EddyMongaup ValleyMonticelloMountain DaleNarrowsburgNeversinkNorth BranchObernburgParksvillePhillipsportPond EddyRock HillRoscoeSmallwoodSouth FallsburgSummitvilleSwan LakeThompsonvilleWestbrookvilleWhite LakeWhite Sulphur SpringsWoodbourneWoodridgeWurtsboroYoungsvilleYulanTioga CountyApalachinBartonBerkshireCandorLockwoodNewark ValleyNicholsOwegoRichfordSmithboroSpencerTioga CenterWaverlyWillseyvilleTompkins CountyBrooktondaleDrydenEtnaFreevilleGrotonIthacaJacksonvilleLansingMc LeanNewfieldSlaterville SpringsTrumansburgUlster CountyAccordBearsvilleBig IndianBloomingtonBoicevilleChichesterClintondaleConnellyCottekillCragsmoorEllenvilleEsopusGardinerGlascoGlenfordGreenfield ParkHigh FallsHighlandHighmountHurleyKerhonksonKingstonLake HillLake KatrineMalden On HudsonMarlboroMiltonModenaMount MarionMount TremperNapanochNew PaltzOlivebridgePhoeniciaPine HillPlattekillPort EwenRiftonRosendaleRubySaugertiesShandakenShokanSpring GlenStone RidgeTillsonUlster ParkWalker ValleyWallkillWawarsingWest CampWest HurleyWest ParkWest ShokanWillowWoodstockWarren CountyAdirondackAtholBakers MillsBolton LandingBrant LakeChestertownCleverdaleDiamond PointGlens FallsHagueJohnsburgKattskill BayLake GeorgeLake LuzerneNorth CreekNorth RiverPottersvilleQueensburyRipariusSilver BayStony CreekWarrensburgWevertownWashington CountyArgyleCambridgeClemonsComstockCossayunaFort AnnFort EdwardGranvilleGreenwichHamptonHartfordHudson FallsHuletts LandingMiddle FallsMiddle GranvilleNorth GranvillePutnam StationSalemShushanWhitehallWayne CountyAltonClydeEast WilliamsonLyonsMacedonMarionNewarkNorth RoseOntarioOntario CenterPalmyraPultneyvilleRed CreekRoseSavannahSodusSodus PointSouth ButlerUnion HillWalworthWilliamsonWolcottWestchester CountyAmawalkArdsleyArdsley On HudsonArmonkBaldwin PlaceBedfordBedford HillsBriarcliff ManorBronxvilleBuchananChappaquaCortlandt ManorCrompondCross RiverCroton FallsCroton On HudsonDobbs FerryEastchesterElmsfordGoldens BridgeGranite SpringsHarrisonHartsdaleHastings On HudsonHawthorneIrvingtonJefferson ValleyKatonahLarchmontLincolndaleMamaroneckMaryknollMillwoodMohegan LakeMontroseMount KiscoMount VernonNew RochelleNorth SalemOssiningPeekskillPelhamPleasantvillePort ChesterPound RidgePurchasePurdysRyeScarsdaleShenorockShrub OakSomersSouth SalemTarrytownThornwoodTuckahoeValhallaVerplanckWaccabucWest HarrisonWhite PlainsYonkersYorktown HeightsWyoming CountyArcadeAtticaBlissCastileCowlesvilleDaleGainesvilleJava CenterJava VillageNorth JavaPerryPikePortagevilleSilver LakeSilver SpringsStrykersvilleVarysburgWarsawWyomingYates CountyBellonaBranchportDresdenDundeeHimrodKeuka ParkLakemontMiddlesexPenn YanRushvilleView all New York  Lawyers or browse by county.Lawyers in Major Cities in New YorkAlbanyBinghamtonBuffaloChautauquaElmiraIthacaNew YorkRochesterSyracuseUticaWatertownYonkersAll CITIESAAccordAcraAdamsAdams BasinAdams CenterAddisonAdirondackAftonAkronAlbanyAlbertsonAlbionAlcoveAldenAlder CreekAlexanderAlexandria BayAlfredAlfred StationAlleganyAllentownAlmaAlmondAlpineAlplausAltamontAltmarAltonAltonaAmagansettAmawalkAmeniaAmityvilleAmsterdamAncramAncramdaleAndesAndoverAngelicaAngolaAnnandale On HudsonAntwerpApalachinAppletonApulia StationAquebogueArcadeArdenArdsleyArdsley On HudsonArgyleArkportArkvilleArmonkArverneAshlandAshvilleAstoriaAthensAtholAthol SpringsAtlantaAtlantic BeachAtticaAu Sable ForksAuburnAuriesvilleAuroraAusterlitzAvaAverill ParkAvocaAvonBBabylonBainbridgeBakers MillsBaldwinBaldwin PlaceBaldwinsvilleBallston LakeBallston SpaBangallBarkerBarneveldBarrytownBarryvilleBartonBasomBataviaBathBay ShoreBayportBaysideBayvilleBeaconBear MountainBearsvilleBeaver DamsBeaver FallsBedfordBedford HillsBelfastBelleroseBellevilleBellmoreBellonaBellportBellvaleBelmontBemus PointBergenBerkshireBerlinBerneBernhards BayBethelBethpageBible School ParkBig FlatsBig IndianBillingsBinghamtonBlack CreekBlack RiverBlauveltBlissBlodgett MillsBloomfieldBlooming GroveBloomingburgBloomingdaleBloomingtonBloomvilleBlossvaleBlue Mountain LakeBlue PointBohemiaBoicevilleBolivarBolton LandingBombayBoonvilleBostonBouckvilleBovina CenterBowmansvilleBradfordBrainardBrainardsvilleBranchportBrantBrant LakeBrantinghamBrasher FallsBreesportBreezy PointBrentwoodBrewertonBrewsterBriarcliff ManorBridgehamptonBridgeportBridgewaterBrier HillBrightwatersBroadalbinBrockportBroctonBronxBronxvilleBrookfieldBrookhavenBrooklynBrooktondaleBrownvilleBrushtonBuchananBuffaloBullvilleBurdettBurkeBurlinghamBurlington FlatsBurnt HillsBurtBuskirkByronCCadyvilleCairoCalciumCaledoniaCallicoonCallicoon CenterCalvertonCambria HeightsCambridgeCamdenCameronCameron MillsCamillusCampbellCampbell HallCanaanCanajoharieCanandaiguaCanaseragaCanastotaCandorCaneadeaCanisteoCantonCape VincentCarle PlaceCarlisleCarmelCaroga LakeCarthageCassadagaCassvilleCastileCastle CreekCastle PointCastleton On HudsonCastorlandCatoCatskillCattaraugusCayugaCayutaCazenoviaCedarhurstCeloronCenter MorichesCentereachCenterportCentervilleCentral BridgeCentral IslipCentral SquareCentral ValleyCeresChadwicksChaffeeChamplainChappaquaCharlottevilleChase MillsChateaugayChathamChaumontChautauquaChazyChelseaChemungChenango BridgeChenango ForksCherry CreekCherry PlainCherry ValleyChesterChestertownChichesterChildwoldChippewa BayChittenangoChurchvilleChurubuscoCiceroCincinnatusCirclevilleClarenceClarence CenterClarendonClark MillsClarksonClarksvilleClaryvilleClaverackClayClaytonClayvilleClemonsClevelandCleverdaleClifton ParkClifton SpringsClimaxClintonClinton CornersClintondaleClockvilleClydeClymerCobleskillCochectonCochecton CenterCoeymansCoeymans HollowCohoctonCohoesCold BrookCold SpringCold Spring HarborColdenCollege PointColliersvilleCollinsCollins CenterColtonColumbiavilleCommackComstockConesusConewango ValleyCongersConklinConnellyConstableConstablevilleConstantiaCoopers PlainsCooperstownCopakeCopake FallsCopenhagenCopiagueCoramCorbettsvilleCorfuCorinthCorningCornwallCornwall On HudsonCornwallvilleCoronaCortlandCortlandt ManorCossayunaCottekillCowlesvilleCoxsackieCragsmoorCranberry LakeCraryvilleCrittendenCroghanCrompondCropseyvilleCross RiverCroton FallsCroton On HudsonCrown PointCubaCuddebackvilleCutchogueDDaleDaltonDannemoraDansvilleDarien CenterDavenportDavenport CenterDaytonDe Kalb JunctionDe PeysterDe RuyterDeansboroDeer ParkDeer RiverDeferietDelanceyDelansonDelevanDelhiDelmarDelphi FallsDenmarkDenverDepauvilleDepewDepositDerbyDewittvilleDexterDiamond PointDickinson CenterDobbs FerryDolgevilleDormansvilleDover PlainsDownsvilleDresdenDrydenDuanesburgDundeeDunkirkDurhamDurhamvilleEEagle BayEagle BridgeEarltonEarlvilleEast AmherstEast AuroraEast BerneEast BethanyEast BloomfieldEast BranchEast ChathamEast ConcordEast DurhamEast ElmhurstEast GreenbushEast HamptonEast HomerEast IslipEast JewettEast MarionEast MeadowEast MeredithEast MorichesEast NassauEast NorthportEast NorwichEast OttoEast PembrokeEast PharsaliaEast QuogueEast RandolphEast RochesterEast RockawayEast SchodackEast SetauketEast SpringfieldEast SyracuseEast WilliamsonEast WorcesterEastchesterEastportEatonEdenEdmestonEdwardsElbaElbridgeEldredElizabethtownElizavilleElka ParkEllenburgEllenburg CenterEllenburg DepotEllenvilleEllicottvilleEllingtonEllisburgElmaElmhurstElmiraElmontElmsfordEndicottEndwellErievilleErinEsopusEsperanceEssexEtnaEvans MillsFFabiusFair HavenFairportFalconerFallsburgFancherFar RockawayFarmersville StationFarmingdaleFarmingtonFarmingvilleFarnhamFayetteFayettevilleFelts MillsFerndaleFeura BushFillmoreFindley LakeFineFishersFishers IslandFishers LandingFishkillFishs EddyFleischmannsFloral ParkFloridaFlushingFly CreekFondaForest HillsForestburghForestportForestvilleFort AnnFort CovingtonFort DrumFort EdwardFort HunterFort JohnsonFort MontgomeryFort PlainFrankfortFranklinFranklin SpringsFranklin SquareFranklinvilleFredoniaFreedomFreeholdFreeportFreevilleFremont CenterFresh MeadowsFrewsburgFriendshipFultonFultonhamFultonvilleGGabrielsGainesvilleGallupvilleGalwayGansevoortGarden CityGardinerGarnervilleGarrattsvilleGarrisonGasportGeneseoGenevaGenoaGeorgetownGermantownGerryGetzvilleGhentGilbertsvilleGilboaGlascoGlen AubreyGlen CoveGlen HeadGlen OaksGlen SpeyGlen WildGlenfieldGlenfordGlenhamGlenmontGlens FallsGlenwoodGlenwood LandingGloversvilleGoldens BridgeGorhamGoshenGouverneurGowandaGraftonGrahamsvilleGrand GorgeGrand IslandGranite SpringsGranvilleGreat BendGreat NeckGreat RiverGreat ValleyGreeneGreenfield CenterGreenfield ParkGreenhurstGreenlawnGreenportGreenvaleGreenvilleGreenwichGreenwoodGreenwood LakeGreigGrotonGrovelandGuilderlandGuilderland CenterGuilfordHHadleyHagamanHagueHailesboroHaines FallsHalcottsvilleHallHamburgHamdenHamiltonHamlinHammondHammondsportHamptonHampton BaysHancockHankinsHannacroixHannawa FallsHannibalHarfordHarpersfieldHarpursvilleHarrimanHarrisHarrisonHarrisvilleHartfordHartsdaleHartwickHastingsHastings On HudsonHauppaugeHaverstrawHawthorneHectorHelenaHemlockHempsteadHendersonHenderson HarborHenriettaHensonvilleHerkimerHermonHeuveltonHewlettHicksvilleHigh FallsHighlandHighland FallsHighland LakeHighland MillsHighmountHillburnHillsdaleHiltonHimrodHinckleyHinsdaleHobartHoffmeisterHogansburgHolbrookHollandHolland PatentHolleyHollisHollowvilleHolmesHoltsvilleHomerHoneoyeHoneoye FallsHoosickHoosick FallsHopewell JunctionHornellHorseheadsHortonvilleHoughtonHoward BeachHowellsHowes CaveHubbardsvilleHudsonHudson FallsHughsonvilleHuguenotHuletts LandingHumeHuntHunterHuntingtonHuntington StationHurleyHurleyvilleHyde ParkIIlionIndian LakeInletInterlakenInwoodIoniaIrvingIrvingtonIsland ParkIslandiaIslipIslip TerraceIthacaJJackson HeightsJacksonvilleJamaicaJamesportJamestownJamesvilleJasperJava CenterJava VillageJayJeffersonJefferson ValleyJeffersonvilleJerichoJewettJohnsburgJohnsonJohnson CityJohnsonvilleJohnstownJordanJordanvilleKKanonaKatonahKattskill BayKauneonga LakeKeeneKeene ValleyKeesevilleKendallKennedyKenoza LakeKentKerhonksonKeuka ParkKew GardensKiamesha LakeKill BuckKillawogKinderhookKing FerryKings ParkKingstonKirkvilleKirkwoodKnowlesvilleKnoxKnoxboroLLa FargevilleLa FayetteLaconaLagrangevilleLake ClearLake GeorgeLake GroveLake HillLake HuntingtonLake KatrineLake LuzerneLake PeekskillLake PlacidLake PleasantLake ViewLakemontLakevilleLakewoodLancasterLanesvilleLansingLarchmontLathamLaurelLaurensLawrenceLawrencevilleLawtonsLe RoyLee CenterLeedsLeicesterLeonLeonardsvilleLevittownLewisLewistonLexingtonLibertyLily DaleLimaLimerickLimestoneLincolndaleLindenhurstLindleyLinwoodLisbonLisleLittle FallsLittle GeneseeLittle NeckLittle ValleyLittle YorkLiverpoolLivingstonLivingston ManorLivoniaLivonia CenterLoch SheldrakeLockeLockportLockwoodLocust ValleyLodiLong BeachLong EddyLong Island CityLong LakeLorraineLowmanLowvilleLycomingLynbrookLyndonvilleLyon MountainLyonsLyons FallsMMacedonMachiasMadisonMadridMahopacMahopac FallsMaineMalden BridgeMalden On HudsonMalloryMaloneMalverneMamaroneckManchesterManhassetManliusMannsvilleManorvilleMaple SpringsMaple ViewMaplecrestMarathonMarcellusMarcyMargaretvilleMariettaMarillaMarionMarlboroMartinsburgMartvilleMaryknollMarylandMasonvilleMaspethMassapequaMassapequa ParkMassenaMasticMastic BeachMattituckMaybrookMayfieldMayvilleMc ConnellsvilleMc DonoughMc GrawMc LeanMechanicvilleMecklenburgMedfordMedinaMedusaMellenvilleMelroseMelvilleMemphisMendonMeridaleMeridianMerrickMexicoMiddle FallsMiddle GranvilleMiddle GroveMiddle IslandMiddle VillageMiddleburghMiddleportMiddlesexMiddletownMiddlevilleMilfordMill NeckMillbrookMiller PlaceMillertonMillportMillwoodMiltonMineolaMinervaMinettoMinevilleMinoaModel CityModenaMohawkMohegan LakeMoiraMongaup ValleyMonroeMonseyMontaukMontezumaMontgomeryMonticelloMontour FallsMontroseMooersMooers ForksMoraviaMoriahMoriah CenterMorichesMorrisMorrisonvilleMorristownMorrisvilleMortonMottvilleMount KiscoMount MarionMount MorrisMount SinaiMount TremperMount UptonMount VernonMount VisionMountain DaleMountainvilleMumfordMunnsvilleNNanuetNapanochNaplesNarrowsburgNassauNatural BridgeNedrowNellistonNesconsetNeversinkNew BaltimoreNew BerlinNew CityNew HamptonNew HartfordNew HavenNew Hyde ParkNew KingstonNew LebanonNew LisbonNew MilfordNew PaltzNew RochelleNew RussiaNew SuffolkNew WindsorNew WoodstockNew YorkNew York MillsNewarkNewark ValleyNewburghNewcombNewfaneNewfieldNewportNewton FallsNewtonvilleNiagara FallsNiagara UniversityNicholsNicholvilleNinevehNiobeNivervilleNorfolkNorth BabylonNorth BangorNorth BayNorth BlenheimNorth BostonNorth BranchNorth BrookfieldNorth ChathamNorth ChiliNorth CollinsNorth CreekNorth EvansNorth GranvilleNorth GreeceNorth HoosickNorth HudsonNorth JavaNorth LawrenceNorth NorwichNorth PitcherNorth RiverNorth RoseNorth SalemNorth TonawandaNorthportNorthvilleNorwichNorwoodNundaNyackOOak HillOakdaleOakfieldOakland GardensOaks CornersObernburgOcean BeachOceansideOdessaOgdensburgOlcottOld BethpageOld ChathamOld ForgeOld WestburyOleanOlivebridgeOlmstedvilleOneidaOneontaOntarioOntario CenterOrangeburgOrchard ParkOrientOriskanyOriskany FallsOrwellOssiningOswegatchieOswegoOtegoOtisvilleOttoOuaquagaOvidOwegoOwls HeadOxbowOxfordOyster BayOzone ParkPPainted PostPalatine BridgePalenvillePalisadesPalmyraPanamaParadoxParishParishvilleParksvillePatchoguePattersonPattersonvillePaul SmithsPavilionPawlingPearl RiverPeconicPeekskillPelhamPenfieldPenn YanPennellvillePerkinsvillePerryPerrysburgPeruPeterboroPetersburgPhelpsPhiladelphiaPhillipsportPhilmontPhoeniciaPhoenixPiercefieldPiermontPierrepont ManorPiffardPikePine BushPine CityPine HillPine IslandPine PlainsPine ValleyPisecoPitcherPittsfordPlainviewPlainvillePlattekillPlattsburghPleasant ValleyPleasantvillePlessisPlymouthPoestenkillPoint LookoutPolandPomonaPompeyPond EddyPoplar RidgePort ByronPort ChesterPort CranePort EwenPort GibsonPort HenryPort JeffersonPort Jefferson StationPort JervisPort KentPort LeydenPort WashingtonPortagevillePorter CornersPortlandPortlandvillePortvillePotsdamPottersvillePoughkeepsiePoughquagPound RidgePrattsburghPrattsvillePreblePreston HollowProspectPulaskiPulteneyPultneyvillePurchasePurdysPurlingPutnam StationPutnam ValleyPyritesQQuaker StreetQueens VillageQueensburyQuogueRRainbow LakeRandolphRansomvilleRaquette LakeRavenaRay BrookRaymondvilleReading CenterRed CreekRed HookRedfieldRedfordRedwoodRego ParkRemsenRemsenburgRensselaerRensselaer FallsRensselaervilleRetsofRexfordRexvilleRhinebeckRhinecliffRichburgRichfield SpringsRichfordRichlandRichmond HillRichmondvilleRichvilleRidgeRidgewoodRiftonRipariusRipleyRiverheadRochesterRock City FallsRock HillRock StreamRock TavernRockaway ParkRockville CentreRocky PointRodmanRomeRomulusRonkonkomaRooseveltRooseveltownRoscoeRoseRoseboomRosedaleRosendaleRoslynRoslyn HeightsRotterdam JunctionRound LakeRound TopRouses PointRoxburyRubyRushRushfordRushvilleRussellRyeSSabaelSackets HarborSag HarborSagaponackSaint AlbansSaint BonaventureSaint JamesSaint JohnsvilleSaint Regis FallsSalamancaSalemSalisbury CenterSalisbury MillsSalt PointSanbornSand LakeSanduskySandy CreekSangerfieldSaranacSaranac LakeSaratoga SpringsSardiniaSaugertiesSauquoitSavannahSavonaSayvilleScarsdaleSchaghticokeSchenectadySchenevusSchodack LandingSchoharieSchroon LakeSchuyler FallsSchuyler LakeSchuylervilleScioScipio CenterScottsburgScottsvilleSea CliffSeafordSeldenSelkirkSeneca CastleSeneca FallsSeveranceShandakenSharon SpringsShelter IslandShelter Island HeightsShenorockSherburneSheridanShermanSherrillShinhoppleShirleyShokanShorehamShortsvilleShrub OakShushanSidneySidney CenterSilver BaySilver CreekSilver LakeSilver SpringsSinclairvilleSkaneatelesSkaneateles FallsSlate HillSlaterville SpringsSlingerlandsSloansvilleSloatsburgSmallwoodSmithboroSmithtownSmithville FlatsSmyrnaSodusSodus PointSolsvilleSomersSonyeaSound BeachSouth BethlehemSouth ButlerSouth ByronSouth CairoSouth ColtonSouth DaytonSouth FallsburgSouth Glens FallsSouth JamesportSouth KortrightSouth LimaSouth New BerlinSouth OtselicSouth Ozone ParkSouth PlymouthSouth Richmond HillSouth SalemSouth WalesSouthamptonSouthfieldsSoutholdSparkillSparrow BushSpeculatorSpencerSpencerportSpencertownSpeonkSprakersSpring BrookSpring GlenSpring ValleySpringfield CenterSpringfield GardensSpringvilleSpringwaterStaatsburgStaffordStamfordStanfordvilleStanleyStar LakeStaten IslandSteamburgStella NiagaraStephentownSterlingSterling ForestStillwaterStittvilleStocktonStone RidgeStony BrookStony CreekStony PointStormvilleStottvilleStowStratfordStrykersvilleStuyvesantStuyvesant FallsSuffernSugar LoafSummitSummitvilleSunnysideSurpriseSwainSwan LakeSylvan BeachSyossetSyracuseTTabergTallmanTannersvilleTappanTarrytownThendaraTheresaThiellsThompson RidgeThompsonvilleThornwoodThousand Island ParkThree Mile BayTiconderogaTillsonTioga CenterTivoliTomkins CoveTonawandaTreadwellTribes HillTroupsburgTrout CreekTroyTrumansburgTruxtonTuckahoeTullyTunnelTupper LakeTurinTuxedo ParkTyroneUUlster ParkUnadillaUnion HillUnion SpringsUniondaleUnionvilleUpper JayUptonUticaVVails GateValatieValhallaValley CottageValley FallsValley StreamVan Buren PointVan EttenVan HornesvilleVarysburgVerbankVermontvilleVernonVernon CenterVeronaVerona BeachVerplanckVersaillesVestalVictorVictory MillsVoorheesvilleWWaccabucWaddingtonWading RiverWainscottWaldenWales CenterWalker ValleyWallkillWaltonWalworthWampsvilleWanakenaWantaghWappingers FallsWarnersWarnervilleWarrensburgWarsawWarwickWashington MillsWashingtonvilleWassaicWater MillWaterfordWaterlooWaterportWatertownWatervilleWatervlietWatkins GlenWaverlyWawarsingWaylandWayneWebsterWeedsportWellesley IslandWellsWells BridgeWellsburgWellsvilleWest BabylonWest BloomfieldWest BurlingtonWest CampWest ChazyWest ClarksvilleWest CopakeWest CoxsackieWest DavenportWest EatonWest EdmestonWest FallsWest FultonWest HarrisonWest HaverstrawWest HempsteadWest HenriettaWest HurleyWest IslipWest KillWest LebanonWest LeydenWest MonroeWest NyackWest OneontaWest ParkWest PointWest Sand LakeWest SayvilleWest ShokanWest StockholmWest ValleyWest WinfieldWestbrookvilleWestburyWestdaleWesterloWesternvilleWestfieldWestfordWesthamptonWesthampton BeachWestmorelandWestons MillsWestportWesttownWevertownWhipplevilleWhite LakeWhite PlainsWhite Sulphur SpringsWhitehallWhitesboroWhitestoneWhitesvilleWhitney PointWillardWilletWilliamsonWilliamstownWilliston ParkWillowWillsboroWillseyvilleWilmingtonWilsonWindhamWindsorWingdaleWinthropWitherbeeWolcottWoodbourneWoodburyWoodgateWoodhavenWoodhullWoodmereWoodridgeWoodsideWoodstockWorcesterWurtsboroWyandanchWynantskillWyomingYYaphankYonkersYorkYorkshireYorktown HeightsYorkvilleYoungstownYoungsvilleYulan









 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             




















TIPSLawyer.com makes finding New York Lawyers fast and easy. Search for an attorney in New York by top New York cities or by your specific city. Or search for New York attorneys by county. Or refine your search for New York lawyers by legal practice area.  Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for New York attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in New York will offer free legal consultations and all have New York law expertise.




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 















  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog




























Lawyer.com - Somers Lawyer


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















New York / Somers Lawyer






                  Somers Lawyer, New York                







  SPONSORED LAWYERS

1-10 of 100 matches. Page 1 of 10   





Jessica  BacalDivorce, Family Law
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 200 Katonah Avenue, Katonah, NY 10536 Profile LAWPOINTS™36/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Peter J. ReynoldsBanking & Finance, Construction, Constitutional Law, Premises Liability, Wrongful Death
Status:  In Good Standing           
FREE CONSULTATION&nbspCONTACT

 963 Route 6, Mahopac, NY 10541 Profile LAWPOINTS™45/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Joseph J. TockWills, Trusts, Landlord-Tenant, Business Organization, Estate Planning
Status:  In Good Standing           
FREE CONSULTATION&nbspCONTACT

 963 Route 6, Mahopac, NY 10541 Profile LAWPOINTS™38/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Peter D. HoffmanSpecial Education, Education, Guardianships & Conservatorships, Wills & Probate, Estate Planning
Status:  In Good Standing           Licensed:  24 Years
FREE CONSULTATION&nbspCONTACT

 200 Katonah Ave, Katonah, NY 10536 Profile LAWPOINTS™65/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers




Randall G. LawrenceAccident & Injury, Criminal, Divorce & Family Law, Real Estate, Business
Status:  In Good Standing           Licensed:  31 Years
CONTACT

 73 Deer Park Rd, Katonah, NY 10536 Profile LAWPOINTS™55/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Nikki  WoodsDivorce & Family Law, Education, Special Education, Criminal, Juvenile Law
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 200 Katonah Ave, Katonah, NY 10536 Profile LAWPOINTS™57/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

John P. O'HanlonGeneral Practice
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 200 Katonah Ave, Katonah, NY 10536 Profile LAWPOINTS™34/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Martin N. AshleyGeneral Practice
Status:  In Good Standing           Licensed:  22 Years
CONTACT

 268 Route 202, Somers, NY 10589 Profile LAWPOINTS™34/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Judith Vallen ReardonGeneral Practice
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 20 Woodsbridge Rd, Katonah, NY 10536 Profile LAWPOINTS™34/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Keith Alan DropkinGeneral Practice
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 39 New St, Katonah, NY 10536 Profile LAWPOINTS™36/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers










 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             






















 
TIPSLawyer.com makes finding Somers Lawyers fast and easy. Refine your search for Somers lawyers by legal practice area. Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for Somers attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in New York will offer free legal consultations and all have New York law expertise.

SAMPLE LEGAL CASES


COLLINS FIN. v. Vigilante... Such a system is not tolerable in regard to credit card and other consumer credit debt cases
 where items such as the interest rate, late payment charge, and over-the-limit fees may change
 several times over the course of the consumer credit agreement. ...
D'ALESSANDRO v. AVIATION CONSTRUCTORS, INC.... (hereinafter Aviation). Following the accident, the plaintiff applied for and received workers'
 compensation benefits from his employer, the third-party defendant Dovin Construction Company,
 Inc. (hereinafter Dovin), a subcontractor on the construction project. ...
PENGUIN GROUP v. American... OPINION OF THE COURT. GRAFFEO, J. The United States Court of Appeals for the Second
 Circuit has asked us a question regarding the scope of long-arm 300 jurisdiction under CPLR
 302 (a) (3) (ii) in the context of a federal copyright infringement action. ... 



SORT BY:- Distance- Name- Location- LAWPOINTS™

FILTER BY:


Free Consultation
Male
Female
Suspended




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 



NEARBY CITY SUGGESTIONS

AlbanyBinghamtonBuffaloChautauquaElmiraIthacaNew YorkRochesterSyracuseUticaWatertownYonkers













  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog




























Mr. James Heffernan - Attorney in Somers, NY - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















New YorkSomersJames Heffernan


Mr. James P. Heffernan








James P. Heffernan 
                                    



General Practice




Law Office:
James P. Hefferman, ESQ



Somers Law Firms


Law School:

Cornell  



Status:
In Good Standing


Licensed:
59 years














616 Heritage Hls
10589
Somers
NY









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™19/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


                        Reviews Pro Bono Cases✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™Not Available





















                    Contact Mr.  Heffernan















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want James P. Heffernan .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Richard L. Filiberto
Divorce & Family Law, Estate, Criminal, Personal Injury, Traffic
Carmel, NY 10512 (Putnam County)





CONTACT




Christopher Xavier Maher
Accident & Injury
Carmel, NY 10512 (Putnam County)





CONTACT




Victor M. Rodriguez
Accident & Injury, Criminal, Divorce & Family Law, Real Estate, Immigration
Danbury, CT 06811 (Fairfield County)





CONTACT








Angel I. Falcon
Criminal, DUI-DWI, Felony, Misdemeanor, Traffic
Fishkill, NY 12524 (Dutchess County)





CONTACT




Kevin T. McDermott
Family Law, Divorce, Child Custody, Child Support
Fishkill, NY 12524 (Dutchess County)





CONTACT




David A. Rubel
Divorce & Family Law, Criminal, Motor Vehicle, Wills & Probate, Landlord-Tenant
Beacon, NY 12508 (Dutchess County)





CONTACT








Anthony Michael Defazio
Criminal, Real Estate, Personal Injury, Wills, Workers' Compensation
Beacon, NY 12508 (Dutchess County)





CONTACT




John Lino Ponzini
Criminal, Divorce & Family Law
Wilton, CT 06897 (Fairfield County)





CONTACT




Scott Barry Ugell
Bankruptcy, Foreclosure, Divorce & Family Law, Accident & Injury, Criminal
New City, NY 10956 (Rockland County)





CONTACT








Dan L Wugman
Workers' Compensation, Social Security -- Disability
New City, NY 10956 (Rockland County)





CONTACT




Toby M. Schaffer
Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury, Workers' Compensation
Stamford, CT 06905 (Fairfield County)





CONTACT




Yvonne F. Garbett
Criminal, Divorce & Family Law, Juvenile Law
New City, NY 10956 (Rockland County)





CONTACT











Education






School
Degree
Major
Graduation




Cornell Law School

Law School
N/A






Admission






State / Court
Date




New York
1959






Additional Info



NY State Lawyer Additional Information:
Judicial Department of Admission: 1
Next Registration: 11/01/2018
Service Type:Private


Update Date:2017-02-21




Lawyer Badges


















41.338779,-73.711903













MAIN LOCATION


616 Heritage HlsSomers, NY 10589




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



President Trump States That He Would Stick With List of Potential Nominees for Future SCOTUS Vacancy

                    President Donald Trump told the Washington Times in an interview that in the event another Supreme Court seat opens, he would pick a nominee from his campaign list of potential nominees.
                




CLIENT APPRECIATION EVENT 2017 – MARK YOUR CALENDARS!

                    MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




























Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 


















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started































 

Simplify your life with Amazon PrimeEnjoy fast, FREE shipping, exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, Kindle books, original audio series and unlimited photo storage.







Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v




























p heffernan - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Heffernan at Amazon.com - Buy Heffernan at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Heffernan at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100





P Heffernan Revealed - Want Info on P Heffernan?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on P Heffernan? Just Search A Name and State.





Learn More



Best People Search




Search Arrest Records



Search Records Now
















1982–83 National Hurling League




overall Rank Player Team Tally Total Matches Average 1 Billy Fitzpatrick Kilkenny 4-33 45 9 5.00 2 Christy Heffernan Kilkenny 11-11 44 9 4.88 3 P. J. Molloy Galway 3-30 39 7 5.57 4 Gerry

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Paul Heffernan - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Paul_Heffernan


Paul Heffernan (born 29 December 1981) is an Irish professional footballer, who last played for Dumbarton. Heffernan has played for several clubs in Great Britain ...


Pat Heffernan - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Pat_Heffernan


Pat Heffernan (born 2 January 1970 in Kilfinane, County Limerick, Ireland) is an Irish hurling selector and former player. He is a former aselector with the Limerick ...


Paul Heffernan news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/paul-heffernan


All the latest news on Paul Heffernan. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Paul Heffernan videos and more, on WOW.com


- WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/P._Heffernan


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


'King Of Queens' Power Couple Leah Remini And Kevin James ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/king-of-queens-leah-remini-and-kevin...


'King Of Queens' Power Couple Leah Remini And Kevin James To ... who played Carrie Heffernan to James’ Doug Heffernan on “The King of Queens” from ...


James J. Heffernan - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/James_J._Heffernan


He was a leader in Brooklyn's Democratic Party, and was a Delegate to several state and national conventions. Heffernan served as Brooklyn's Highway Commissioner from ...


Teenage boy charged in death of 10-year-old sister - AOL News

https://www.aol.com/article/2016/02/22/teenage-boy-charged-in...


Authorities haven't said what led them to arrest the 16-year-old brother of Isabella Heffernan. The 10-year-old was last seen around 10 p.m. Saturday.


2013 Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/2013_Tipperary_Senior_Hurling_Championship


The 2013 Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship was the 123rd staging of the Tipperary Senior ... C Hammersley 1-0, S Maher 0-2, P Heffernan 0-1, F O'Keeffe 0-1, T ...


Heffernan - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/O'Heffernan


The name Heffernan is derived from the Irish Gaelic name O Heifearnain, which comes from the given name Ifearnan meaning "demon". Heffernan gives rise to alternatives ...


Netscape

netscape.aol.com


Moved Permanently. The document has moved here.










Heffernan at Amazon.com - Buy Heffernan at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Heffernan at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100





P Heffernan Revealed - Want Info on P Heffernan?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on P Heffernan? Just Search A Name and State.





Learn More



Best People Search




Search Arrest Records



Search Records Now



12345Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








