
Security Check Required





Jump toSection of this PageAccessibility HelpPress alt + / to open this menuFacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017













 




Robert A. Heft Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:34 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Alexion Montréal Corp.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert A. Heft Ph.D.Chief Executive Officer and Director, Alexion Montréal Corp.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships62--
Background

		Dr. Robert A. Heft, PhD, serves as the Chief Executive Officer of ILIT BioVentures. Dr. Heft serves as Chief Executive Officer of Zingenix Ltd., a company focused on gene therapy for severe orphan disorders. Dr. Heft served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Alexion Montréal Corp. (Alternate Name: Enobia Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) from 2005 to 2012. He has over 30 years experience in the biopharmaceutical industry. He served as Vice President of Corporate Planning ... of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. He served as Vice President of Product Development & Program Management of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc., since October 2002, having joined BioMarin in October 2001, when BioMarin acquired the pharmaceutical assets of IBEX Technologies, Inc. In January 1986, he founded IBEX and served as its President and Chief Scientist until 2001. While at IBEX, he directed the preclinical and clinical development of several enzymes for cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders, was awarded several patents for work related to these enzymes and authored related papers. He held several senior positions with BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc., Continental Pharma Cryosan, Inc. and IBEX Technologies, which he founded. He serves as Chairman of the Board of ELOXX Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. He has been an Independent Director of Ra Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since March 2016. He has been a Director at Clementia Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since June 2013. He serves as a Director of Lumos Pharma Inc., Zingenix Ltd., and VisionGate, Inc. He served as a Director of the Canadian Genetic Diseases Network and Alexion Montréal Corp. He served as a Director of BioCapital. He served as a Director of Ibex Technologies, Inc. from May 15, 2006 to December 14, 2010. He also serves on the Advisory Board of Sectoral Asset Management. He served as a Director of the Industrial Biotechnology Association of Canada. He was awarded several patents in the field of: coagulation, phenylketonuria and hypophosphatasia and has published in these fields. He has also received several awards for his work including: Company of the Year (Gold Leaf Award for Enobia Pharma) - 2012 BIOTECanada, Entrepreneur of the Year - Canada, 2012, Canadian Venture Capital Association, Genesis Award - 2012, from BioQuebec. Dr. Heft received a Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering from McGill University and a Masters degree in Nuclear Engineering from Cornell University before obtaining his PhD from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Genetic Engineering/Radiological Sciences in 1986 and was a Neurology Fellow at the Massachusetts General Hospital.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2901, Rachel Street EastMontreal, Quebec H1W 4A4CanadaPhone: 514-596-2901Fax: 514-596-2749
Board Members Memberships
Chief Executive Officer and DirectorAlexion Montréal Corp.DirectorVisionGate, Inc.DirectorLumos Pharma, Inc.2013-PresentDirectorClementia Pharmaceuticals Inc.2016-PresentIndependent DirectorRa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Education
Master's Degree Cornell UniversityPhD 1986Massachusetts Institute of TechnologyBachelor's Degree McGill University
Other Affiliations
BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.BioCapitalIBEX Technologies Inc.Cornell UniversityMassachusetts Institute of TechnologyMcGill UniversityCanadian Genetic Diseases NetworkIndustrial Biotechnology Association of CanadaVisionGate, Inc.Ra Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Clementia Pharmaceuticals Inc.Lumos Pharma, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Alexion Montréal Corp., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Heft Robert W in Oklahoma City, OK 73114 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Oklahoma
» Oklahoma City
» Specialized Insurance
» Heft Robert W













Heft Robert W


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





9705 Broadway Ext Ste 200  Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73114


(405) 942-0753


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Heft Robert W is located at the address 9705 Broadway Ext Ste 200 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73114.  They can be contacted via phone at (405) 942-0753 for pricing, hours and directions.  Heft Robert W specializes in Children & Teens, Criminal, Residential.  Heft Robert W has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Heft Robert W provides Estimates, Auto Insurance, Life Insurance Claims to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Heft Robert W view the map to the right.  For reviews of Heft Robert W see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Profit Sharing Plans
, Group Policies
, Surety Bonds
, Senior Plans
, Individual Policies
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions
, Life Insurance
, Short-Term Policies
, Annuities
, Construction



SERVICES


Financial Management
, Business Accounting
, Outsourcing
, Life Insurance Claims
, Investment Planning
, Retirement Planning
, Estimates
, Travel Insurance
, Auto Insurance
, Small Businesses


 BRANDS


Blue Cross
, The Hartford
, Western Union
, Farmers Insurance Group
, Blue Shield
, State Farm
, Nationwide
, Allstate
, Travelers
, Health Net


 SPECIALTIES


Medicare Part D
, Criminal
, Workers Compensation
, Accounts Receivable
, Children & Teens
, Factories
, Flood Damage
, Residential
, Contents
, PPO Plans



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (405) 942-0753
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 100000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Specialized Insurance
Workers' Compensation Insurance
Insurance
Specialized Insurance & Warranties



People Also Viewed


Eunice Khoury Insurance


4800 N Mayfair Dr  Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73112




John Simon Insurance


11032 Quail Creek Rd Ste 201 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73120




Cox Insurance Agency


6305 Waterford Blvd 175 Ste Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73118




GAB Robins


5500 N Western Ave Ste 153 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73118




Bob Rackley Insurance Agency


8121 S Western Ave A Ste Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73139




BRUMLEY BOB INSURANCE


2808 Wheeler Plz  Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73110





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM















Berman, David P.  









































































 
















Berman, David P.
Partner





Tort Litigation | Real Estate
DBerman@daleyheft.com
858-755-5666  ext. 7131
 
Education

Southwestern University School of Law, J.D., 1985
University of California, San Diego, B.A., 1978

Bar Admissions

State Bar of California
U.S. District Court, Southern District of California

Honors/Affiliations

Member, San Diego County Bar Association

David Berman specializes in civil litigation including commercial liability, personal injury, construction defect and insurance defense. Mr. Berman has represented subcontractors, general contractors, developers and public entities in construction matters. He has substantial jury trial experience and has represented his clients in all phases of litigation.
An active member in the community, Mr. Berman is a member of the San Diego County Bar Association. He has served as a judge pro tempore for the San Diego Superior Court and a speaker on topical construction defect issues.
Mr. Berman received his Bachelor Degree from the University of California, San Diego, and his J.D. from Southwestern University School of Law. He was admitted to the practice of law in California in 1986, and is admitted to practice before the United States District Court for the Southern District of California.
Representative Matters
Mr. Berman specializes in litigating complex high exposure injury and property claims. For example, he prosecuted a claim on behalf of a public agency arising from improper construction of a reservoir, collecting in excess of $4 million for his client. He routinely defends high exposure claims on behalf of the transportation/trucking industry as well as complex product liability matters.





 












 






















 









Contact Us 462 Stevens Ave Suite 201
Solana Beach, California, 92075
858 - 755 - 5666

 









 

























Heft, Robert R.  








































































 
















Heft, Robert R.
Partner






Tort Litigation | Public Entities | Employment
RHeft@daleyheft.com
858-755-5666  ext. 7121
 
Education

University of San Diego School of Law, J.D., cum laude
San Diego State University, B.A., High Honors

Bar Admissions

State Bar of California
U.S. Federal District
U.S. Federal Court for the Ninth Circuit

Honors/Affiliations

Selected to San Diego Super Lawyer®
AV® Preeminent™ Peer Review Rated, Martindale Hubbell
Selected Top Lawyer” for Civil Litigation (San Diego Magazine, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2017)
Past Director, North San Diego County Bar
Past Director, Southern California Defense Counsel
Past Director, San Diego Defense Lawyers
Past Judge Pro Tem, San Diego County Superior Court
Member, San Diego County Bar Association
Member, North San Diego County Association

Robert R. Heft is a founder and managing partner of Daley & Heft. With a vast amount of trial experience, Mr. Heft has extensive expertise in handling a wide variety of civil matters including commercial claims, complex personal injury claims, employment claims, professional malpractice, product liability suits, major business torts and hospitality claims. In addition to representing public entities, common carriers and corporations, Mr. Heft has developed a specialty practice in defending hotels, wineries and growers, pharmacists, and major retailers throughout California. He is also active in the areas of Employment and Intellectual property law.
Mr. Heft has authored and published articles in the field of product liability and has lectured before numerous public entity business and insurance organizations. Additionally, he has contributed to the Justice Research Associates lecture series on Risk Management for Self-Insured Public Entities.
Mr. Heft has served as an Instructor for the San Diego Inns of Court Trial Tactics Seminar, as a Judge Pro Tem for the San Diego County Superior Court, and as an Arbitrator for the American Arbitration Association. He is a past Director and Officer of the San Diego Defense Lawyers, and a continuing member of the Southern California Defense Counsel.
Born and raised in San Diego, Mr. Heft attended San Diego State University where he obtained his Bachelor of Arts Degree with high honors. He received his J.D. cum laude from the University of San Diego School of Law prior to being admitted to the practice law in California in 1977.





 












 






















 









Contact Us 462 Stevens Ave Suite 201
Solana Beach, California, 92075
858 - 755 - 5666

 









 






















	Login | Evaluate























































Retrieving Data







					You are a  user.
				

					The feature you are trying to access  Subscribers.
				

Please Register to access this feature or log in if you are a Subscriber,
						or if you have already Registered. 



						Please click the following link to register and submit an upgrade request, so that
						a member of our sales team can contact you to discuss your requirements.
					

Register and Upgrade




						Please click the 'Request Upgrade' button to log your details so that a member of
						our sales team can contact you to discuss your additional requirements.
					






















					Your request to access this feature is pending.
				

					You have already logged a callback request. A member of our team will contact you
					to discuss your access level.
				

View My Contact Details  
					







					This feature is not yet available.
				

					We have already attempted to contact you following your recent request.
				

					We will try and call you again shortly but in the meantime please check that your
					contact details are correct and up to date or if you prefer please contact us.
				

View My Contact Details  
					Contact Us






				Retrieving...
			

				EP Vantage brings a fresh view on pharma and biotech with incisive daily analysis,
				powered by Evaluate Ltd.
			


					You are a subscriber to the full Evaluate Ltd. service.
				

					Click
					here
					to login to the subscribers' welcome page.
				

      
					No, I do not want to log in now
Don't
					remind me again
				



					You are currently accessing our secondary server
				

					Although the site contains up to date data, some features are unfortunately not available on the secondary server.
					We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
				







						Close





ECommerce Support


							If you would prefer to speak to a member of our sales team please call us on 
							+44 (0)20 7377 0800


							Alternatively, if you are experiencing problems with an existing order a member
							of our support team will be happy to assist you. Call 
							+44 (0)20 7377 0800


							Telephone lines are open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm London Time.
						

							Alternatively, send an email to chrissie.pennock@evaluategroup.com











Close



Shopping Cart



Fetching cart contents. Please wait.
















										Please register your details with us to complete your purchase or click Login if you have already registered with us.

   
										











                    	Close




Report Summary


							Retrieving report details...
						








Share with a colleague
								   
								Show Report Description







This report has already been purchased and is available
									to view now
									or you may purchase the report again for the latest data.
								



									You have already purchased this report but a problem is preventing you from
									accessing the information it contains. Before calling a member of our support team,
									please attempt to regenerate your report again from your
								
purchase history
page.

Add this item to my basket

or

									Regenerate for free

This item has already been added to your cart

								Regenerating Content   
								







								Please complete the fields below




Recipient's Email



  * Required




Your Email



  * Required




Your Name



  * Required




Optional Message












Sending Email  
							



								An email has been successfully sent
							

Return to Report Summary



Failed to Send






Return to Report Summary




Failed to retrieve further details for this product.



							The item has successfully been added to your cart.
						




							Your selected reports will remain in your cart for 7 days

















				You have succeeded in buying the report(s), however you haven't generated your report(s) yet. Please go to Purchase History to generate your ordered report(s) now.
			







Site Maintenance Planned
The website will be unavailable on Thursday 25 April from 12:00pm for routine maintenance.
Please save your work and log out before then



            Remind me later
        


X
Got it






























	Heft Robert W in Oklahoma City, OK






































































































Home
About Us
Membership
Networking
Inbox
Wall
Import Address Book
Photo Albums
Find Other Professionals

Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Spam Whitelist Instructions
Copyright Credit
Logos & Images
The Complete Marketeer
Manage Subscriptions
Unsubscribe from E-mails

Careers - Open Positions
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Consumers



Find It
Find A Market
Exclusive Consumer Leads
Find A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Find A Company
Search Blogs
Search Users
Search Industry Articles
Search Discussions/Topics
Find Tools/Products
Insurance News



Jobs
Find A Job
Post A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Articles for Candidates
Articles for Employers
Talent Solutions
ATS (Applicant Tracking)



Forums
Ask Your Peers
Agency Management
Careers & Jobs
Life, Health & Fin Svcs
Marketing
Property & Casualty
Technology & Tools
Using CompleteMarkets
Groups
My Subscribed Groups
All Groups
Manage Your Subscriptions

Manage Your Subscriptions



Education
All Articles
Search The Library
Article Categories
Manage Your Subscriptions



Blogs
Create Your Own Blog
Insurance Professionals
Insurance Marketing
Advertisers
Market Providers
Axis Brokers
Cochrane & Company
Colonial General Insurance Agency

Industry Experts
6th Sense Proposals
21st Century Management
Dr. Jack Nordhaus
Graham Communications
HR That Works
Sound Marketing Inc.

Product & Service Providers
Aged Insurance Leads
The Wedge Group

All Blogs
Manage Your Subscriptions



Tools
Insurance Newsletters
Jobs/Careers
CallTracking
Productivity Tools
Manage Your Subscriptions



Consumers
Get A Quote
Insurance Categories



Advertise
Advertising Solutions
Talent Solutions
Demo/Media Kit
































































































































































































































Create a Free CompleteMarkets AccountLogin to CompleteMarkets
















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...




















Heft Robert W














12345


0 Reviews - 0 of 5.0





Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?


Submit This Anonymously

Cancel
Submit











Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit












































9705 Broadway Ext Ste 200, 
Oklahoma City, OK 73114







405-942-5000


















Is this Your Company?




















You are now following Heft Robert W.





You are already following Heft Robert W.

Unfollow








Fill out the form below to follow Heft Robert W.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:









Follow




Are you sure you want to deactivate your CompleteMarkets Company Profile



Deactivate
Cancel










 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513








Please wait...












About UsProducts/ServicesJobsTeamArticlesBlogGroupFollowersPhotosReviews








Hi, !


Thank you for visiting our Heft Robert W company page! We hope you find what you are looking for, please contact us if you have any questions.We strive for excellence and greatly value your feedback.Please take a moment to tell us about your experience with Heft Robert W.Thank you!


Review Us Now!













Insurance sounds boring and dreary to most people. Not for us at Heft Robert W, however. While it is a serious business, we do not see insurance as boring - it is after all the business of keeping people in their homes, from going out of business and getting back on the road – essentially helping people lead normal lives and recover from disaster. This is interesting stuff! We are partnered with the right insurance carrier/s, people we have been doing business with for years. This enables us to comparison shop and gets you (our client) the best deal available. And the best deal is not always about price – but, hey – price is a big factor and we will never stop fighting to get you the best price. We help our clients with all kinds of insurance, but here are the main insurance types our agency focuses on -

Auto insurance – do you know what coverage you have? Most of our clients gloss over when we start talking liability, collision, comprehensive insurance coverages. And why do the limits have to be different based on your specific needs? Rest assured, we understand what is needed to operate a vehicle in and around Oklahoma City, OK and will handle all the details for you.
Business Insurance – own or operate a business? Do you need insurance before you can execute on a job/contract? Not sure what type of insurance you need? Do you just need the minimum or are you thinking about future exposure to lawsuits and injury claims? Our commercial insurance agents are standing by to help you get the right policy to help your business succeed.
Homeowners insurance – who knows where the value lies in an insurance policy when it comes to something as local-specific as insurance for a structure, building, home in a specific location – your local insurance agent – that’s who! Let us showcase our knowledge of the area in and around Oklahoma City, OK. You will be confident that you found the best local partner for your insurance needs.
Call us – let’s chat – 405-942-5000










                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...





                Locations





										
    
    There are no locations.

									



                News Feed















            Please wait...













                        Please wait...















Site Membership




Click here to log in


No account? Register here!
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
User Content Agreement
Copyright Compliance Policy
Contact Us






                                Insurance Pros

Leverage CompleteMarkets
Get A Custom URL
Feedback
Articles






                                Find It

Markets / Products / Services
Blogs / Groups
Other Professionals
Breaking Advertiser News
Jobs/Careers






                                Networking

Inbox
Import Address Book
Import LinkedIn Contacts
Blogs
Groups
Discussions
Photo Albums






                                Advertisers

Why CompleteMarkets?
Get A Custom URL
Testimonials






                                Resources

Frequently Asked Questions
Insurance/Service Providers
Storefronts
Spam Whitelist Instructions









                     
            Copyright
            ©. All Rights Reserved. 
                    INSOMIS Corp.





















