2017 GrowLife Roadmap – Marco Hegyi – MediumHomepageSign in / Sign upMarco HegyiBlockedUnblockFollowFollowingCEO and Chairman of GrowLifeFeb 242017 GrowLife RoadmapNavigating through OpportunitiesPhare Du Petit Minou Plouzane FranceLet’s cut to the chase:“How hard can it be to grow a company in one of the fastest growing industries?” A resonating question I hear repeatedly. The answer is that short-term spikes are relatively easy but to build lasting long-term growth demands more work and thought than most people like to talk about. I will share my point of view on an answer and how GrowLife intends to go big. The plan to grow PHOT revolves around our 2017 Roadmap plan from concepts that were explored in 2016. Feel free to post your comments and give me feedback. All I ask is that you make them constructive.Over the last year I challenged our team to push on two business fronts: Recover our Base business and define and pursue some game-changing Expansion opportunities. Some people may ask why not focus on just one front? You could argue if pushing on one is better than many fronts. Some say “put more wood behind one arrow” but I happen to believe that the opportunities before us are significant and will not be as readily available in the future as they are today. Loosely translated: The cost of buying market share today is less expensive than next year due to increasing competition. I also believe that GrowLife is capable of building more than one business at a time with Mergers, Acquisitions and Partnering, and recruiting solid available talent. Finally, I believe our shareholders deserve to have us make several bets and not play it safe. Therefore, we are pursuing parallel bets because we have no time to waste.Back to the question of how difficult is it to grow a Cannabis-related company. There are many types of Cannabis-based businesses, but for this discussion let’s put the industry companies into two groups: Those that touch and those that don’t touch the plant, Touch and Non-touch companies. Touch are cultivators, dispensaries, packaging, edible/medicinal product makers, delivery and distributors. Non-touch are marketing, underlying information systems, cash transportation, packaging, equipment/supply manufacturers and product suppliers such as GrowLife. Let’s next state the obvious; Performance of Non-touch companies are dependent on Touch companies. This is an important point because the symbiotic dependency means everything and relies on the market price of the plant.The three key business factors of all companies are revenue, gross profit margins and growth rate. The influencing factors for Touch are driven by price per gram or pound set by market demand. These then directly affect the revenue and margin for the Touch companies. Growth for Non-touch companies are also dependent on the margins from the Touch companies, which means that if margins are tight for Touch companies then the growth rate slows down for the Non-touch companies.So why does this matter if the industry is growing at say 100%? Shouldn’t the leading companies grow at about the same rate? The number of entering competitors creates saturation and lower prices result in lower margins. Couple these lower margins with lower unit forecasts and it’s a race to the bottom. This means that everyone needs to get their operating costs down just to break even. And, if the plant price greatly drops below a company’s business plan due to saturation, investment capital becomes more expensive and hard to get.Let’s throw out the MBA chatter and simplify with real numbers. If a company’s business plan is based on the plant selling for $1,500-$2,000 per pound where it affords margins and growth to their investors…everyone is happy. However, when the price goes below $1,000 and even reaches $750, all connected companies suffer except those that have great competitive differentiators, such as brand reputation, patents and innovations that decrease operating costs. Last year the market hit $750, even for high-quality strains. It was a blood bath that not many people want to talk about.Some Cannabis marketing companies grew by keeping their cost of operations and service low and increasing revenue generation resulting in high margins and topline growth. Those companies did well because industry spending shifted from production to sale of product. A few other companies did well because they were able to consolidate market share from competitors. But for the most part, the industry growth in 2016 hurt more than helped most companies. Thus 2017 for Touch companies, such as cultivators, is about driving down their cost of operations, or cost per gram, as low as possible by scaling up operations and streamlining production costs.So the answer is that not many companies are making money these days, regardless of the industry growth. But, what is happening is that we are all positioning ourselves to make money as the market grows over the next two years. This begs the follow up question: How is GrowLife preparing for profitable growth? We are growing Base and Expansion businesses through the underlying foundations: People, capital and a differentiating strategy.Ask me why I am still here and I will point you to these three reason. Last week GrowLife announced the addition of two board members: Ms. Katherine McLain, corporate counsel for Stripe and the return to the Board of Mr. Mark Scott, GrowLife CFO. Also, Mr. Darren Erasmus, a well-respected cultivation industry leader from House & Garden Nutrients, joined as our National Sales Manager. Last month we announced that Chicago Venture Partners, our lead investor, not only helped consolidate our debt but will continue to stand by us as we seek to expand the Company. Lastly, we are solidifying our differentiating strategy by innovating and partnering with strong and well-financed groups of investors.Base BusinessOur Base business is defined as providing equipment and supplies for indoor cultivation and will continue to build on three distribution channels: Online e-commerce, Direct Sales and Retail stores. We remain confident that demand for hydroponic gardening and farming will continue to increase as Cannabis legalization permeates the US and the rest of world. Therefore, we will continue to invest in the growth of our Base business.However, we will not be tied to strategies that worked five years ago but instead leverage GrowLife’s assets to their fullest extent. Although I have a personal passion for the increasing demand for healthy and locally grown indoor food crops that will require products sold by GrowLife, we will concentrate on serving the more specialized Cannabis industry. We will apply our competitive advantage in Cannabis and help licensed cultivators expand and refine their operations.This Base business provides GrowLife with a secure and high-growth foundation, especially as we see interest increase for the GrowLife Retail License Program that was announced at the end of 2016. This License Program creates financial and operating efficiencies for GrowLife. We are shifting our retail store growth from a fixed to variable cost structure, which allows us to apply our indoor cultivation competency to other retail partners, and reach more cultivators in markets across the US faster. The License Program offerings range from a Store-within-the-store, such as the one in place in Philadelphia at Fairmount Hardware, an Ace Hardware franchisee, located at 2011 Fairmount Ave, Philadelphia, PA, to partnering with retail investors who set up new GrowLife-licensed hydroponic stores. We are pleased with the initial response and lessons learned over the last eight weeks from the License Program, which have helped refine our offerings, customer engagement and operating process.The other two channels for our Base business, Online e-commerce and Direct Sales, continue to be refined as we invest in them with talent. We plan to serve the Base with these channels by helping those price-sensitive customers drive down their equipment and supply costs. While this puts great pressure on our manufacturers, we closely watch metrics move to lowest cost per gram. One of the largest cultivators recently shifted their lights from a popular 1,000W to 315W where the electricity savings alone drove down their production cost by 35% and production inceased by 20%. We explored acquiring the 315W manufacturer but were unable to agree on a price that made sense.Expansion OpportunitiesOur Expansion bets are equally exciting and capable of great revenue growth. However, Expansion bets come with great risk not too different than building a start-up. Our Expansion bets are intended to be game-changers.I personally see the Cannabis industry as a game-changer and not just another business or drug. Many people are discovering great benefits with the plant that are far beyond its commercial growth. Even with all the government challenges I am confident that both business and consumer will persevere. Not because of opportunistic suits like myself but because the demand and benefit of the plant are genuine. Consistent safety measures and standards are definitely on their way. But splintering the States with varying policies and pitting them against the Federal government continues to contradict the social need. Therefore, I see the greatest opportunities and challenges are in solving these problems…the game-changers.GrowLife will therefore be pursuing such game-changers in its Roadmap to help propel the industry forward on several fronts. Acquisitions may range from innovations that significantly drive down the operating costs for commercial cultivators to the desperately needed software-as-a-service tools for the government to extensively coordinate its policies with the industry in a safe and responsible manner. If we perform as I expect us to, we will see some of these Expansion game-changers come to market in 2017. The caveat is that there are many moving parts and all this may or may not come to pass, but it will not be for a lack of talent or effort.GrowLife’s greatest growth may come from a business that is not a significant contributor today. We see three key areas that may be game-changers for us in 2017: Mergers & Acquisitions and Partnerships (MAP), Consumer with Cube subscription services, and Plants & Seeds. Each of these areas will require us to add the right people at the right time. Many talented individuals ready to join GrowLife are in the pipeline.MAP in our Base business with Retail Licensing Program has quickly taught us to stretch beyond our comfort zone and invest in new procedures and people. Growth from M&A is the most obvious expansion move. Over the last year I took point on M&A and closely looked at over a half-a-dozen acquisition opportunities. My conclusion was that they were all over-priced. Even after factoring in valuation lift to PHOT, the risk/reward did not make sense.The most public example was Go Green Hydroponics, where we had entered into a non-binding letter of intent last year. We recently announced in an SEC 8-K/A filing that the non-binding letter of intent had expired and GrowLife does not expect to close the acquisition of Go Green Hydroponics. We will therefore not be pursuing this acquisition since our retail strategy has shifted to the GrowLife Retail Licensing Program.Some other M&A candidates offered unique and innovative cultivation technologies designed to drive down operating costs for cultivators of any size. Although we have the financing partners ready to provide the necessary capital, we did not see the revenue and margin growth to justify entering into M&A debt. Still, there are a couple of deals that we are currently exploring.Another area we are continuing to develop is demand from new consumers entering the industry, where they seek to learn how to build indoor operations. We have tested GrowLife Cube, a turnkey subscription service that provides the basic set-up for an indoor farming operation. GrowLife provides all the necessary growing equipment and supplies on a monthly subscription basis. We estimate that there are millions of consumers without growing experience, knowledge and local access to hydroponic equipment and supplies. Therefore, we are tuning GrowLife Cube to more effectively reach these budding consumers to help them be successful. We remain confident that this subscription business is the right way to go.Finally, last month I spent a few days at the Seed to Sale Show in Denver to explore the plant and seed business. My conclusion is that it is an attractive business that needs to be explored but in an indirect manner. GrowLife is not ready to directly touch the plant. We are exploring how to engage it through partners as we do not wish to compete with our customers.Why make such bets?We see the indoor cultivation industry as growing faster than other industries due to increasing demand for and legalization of non-toxic pain relief medicines. For years GrowLife has built its brand through experience with leading commercial cultivators. We continue to assemble the best team in the industry to create limitless potential. Our investors and shareholders have shown strong loyalty and support even through difficult times. And, the GrowLife and PHOT brands have maintained an envied publicly-traded base of 17,000 shareholders with an average trading volume of about 25 million shares every day to provide liquidity.The board of directors and management team have solid experience in their own right. Their diversity and blended value brings collaboration and insight to help us take decisive action. Every day I learn something from them and they challenge me to bring my A game. But frankly, that’s not enough if we are going to capitalize on a once-in-a-lifetime market opportunity. At GrowLife we work in two world: The here and now, and the upcoming.We choose to work towards the highest standards and make the necessary tactical and strategic moves. We realize that we are in a zero-sum game and our growth must be earned every day. Call it Red Ocean or Blue Ocean, our customers have a great deal at stake and having their trust means everything to us. Therefore, we cannot stand still by selling the same old products. We must expect to take risks or die.Overall, GrowLife is in a stronger position than it has been for some time. With continued work and support, we expect to bring growth back to the company and increase shareholder value. In 2017 I hope to talk with more shareholders to better understand their perspectives and thoughts on GrowLife. Hopefully we can hold some form of shareholder meeting, but only if we can do so cost-effectively. If not, I will continue to connect through Twitter or let people know when I will be at a trade show or store opening.GrowLife, Inc., press releases and other public statements contain forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act. By their nature, forward-looking statements and forecasts involve risks and uncertainties related to events dependent on circumstances that will occur in the near future. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause our actual results in future periods to differ materially from results expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, our ability to obtain rights to distribute and market our products, product availability, demand and market competition, and access to capital markets. For a more complete discussion of the risks to which our is business is subject please see our filings with the SEC. You should independently investigate and fully understand all risks before making any investment decisions in us.Share3Never miss a story from Marco Hegyi, when you sign up for Medium. Learn moreNever miss a story from Marco HegyiBlockedUnblockFollowGet updatesGame Changing Growth – Marco Hegyi – MediumHomepageSign in / Sign upMarco HegyiBlockedUnblockFollowFollowingCEO and Chairman of GrowLifeJun 12source: Roy Schultz Northwest Calgary, Calgary, CanadaGame Changing GrowthGrowLife is growing again but, as always, we want it faster. We must continuously remind ourselves that we are building an industry and not just a company. I have been waiting to complete our first half of the year to blog as a follow up on the Feb 24th blog posting of 2017 GrowLife Roadmap. However, I cannot continue to watch the market, and especially our sector, decline without speaking up. The bottom line is that our industry is being reshaped by a political tug of war between the Federal Administration and 30 States that have legalized Cannabis. These are growing pains.In this posting I will address some key questions that have been floating around several bulletin boards about the Company: - Where is GrowLife headed? - What is the Company’s vision? Why? - Why did GrowLife form an advisory board? - When will we have a shareholder meeting? - How can shareholders stay best informed?Where is GrowLife heading?GrowLife is back to revenue growth and survived the decline of 2015-2016. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we began the recovery with a 50% revenue increase over the previous third quarter of 2016. But, one quarter growth is not enough. The true test is consistent quarter over quarter growth. In the following quarter, Q1 2017, GrowLife grew 57% over Q4 2016. Back to back quarterly growth suggests that we are doing something right. We are.We are investing in our customers and our team. Reliable and competitive pricing helps our customers manage down their operating costs, which are more important than ever; Great employee benefits allow us to attract and hire the best people in sales; And, management continuity and focus allow us to move faster and smarter than we ever have.For example, we learned painful yet valuable lessons two years ago when we closed five unprofitable hydroponic brick-and-mortar stores. Today we invest in enhancing our online e-logistics website that enables customers to get their orders faster, better understanding of how to leverage the GrowLife brand with a store-within-a-store business model, lead generation programs that touch thousands of cultivator prospects across the country every week, and a direct sales team that wins over 80% of quotes we put out. These investments are making a difference in our business performance.Still, two data points do not make a trend. Everyone at GrowLife is working hard every day to deliver constant growth. We are almost through Q2 2017 and aimed at continuing our growth. We are now expanding into Canada and other high growth markets with local dedicated sales people. And, we are also increasing our gross profit. But to paraphrase what I have said in the past: Growth for growth’s sake is not a strategy.What is the Company’s vision? Why?Perhaps the most asked question I receive is about GrowLife’s vision and strategic plans. To best understand our vision let’s start with our mission: GrowLife is here to help its customers be successful. We seek to support this mission by focusing on minimizing the operating costs of indoor cultivators of fruits, vegtables and Cannabis so they can better serve their markets.But, to what end? I can tell you that it’s not about selling cheaper picks and shovels. The reason behind this mission is to support a vision that indoor cultivation is an inevitable necessity and not another gardening alternative. Farming outdoors is cheap because it is a wasteful, destructive and inefficient use of precious resources. Current water, land and harvest cycles are limited and if left unchecked will fail to support the world’s population growth. However, indoor cultivation allows our customers to replicate nature in a controllable manner that uses a fraction of water and land while providing 2–5 times the harvest cycles of outdoor. The challenge is in getting the economics right. Subsidies are not the answer. Even many large-scale indoor grow operations with large capital investments have had a difficult time staying in business because the poor economic models fail to deliver a profit. Fruits and vegetables have limited revenue benefit due to saturated supply from international and domestic growers.Cannabis on the other hand currently has an attractive revenue model and valuation multiple but modest demand of about 5% of the population due to shadows cast by interstate commerce restrictions, banking issues and threatening federal laws. However, Cannabis laws are not the only expected changes. We must prepare for significantly lower prices if Cannabis is to become a mainstream alternative to beer, wine and other alcohol in the future. Expecting a $12 joint to drop to $1 over the next couple of years is not unreasonable.Therefore, as an indoor cultivation industry, we must lower production costs to provide local, safer, heathier and affordable food and Cannabis crops. I see this as the game changer: Over time we must support a production cost at 10% of the current price point. This means increasing efficiencies, scaling up production volumes and driving down indoor operating costs. Given this vision of the future, lowering our customer’s production costs serve as our compass to mergers, acquisitions and partnerships.To profitably achieve such a goal, I see GrowLife building out five strategic pillars. These pillars represent unfulfilled needs, which if capitalized upon, can provide PHOT investors with a lasting diversified portfolio of products and services.Channel Management: Identify and build distribution channels through our relationships and leverage best practice methodologies to properly target their user segments. Both supply chain management and local retail partnerships will enable greater customer reach across the country and support services that deliver the necessary supplies on a just-in-time basis.Technology: Develop the technology partnerships to help with specific solutions. Whether it is lighting, AI monitoring bots, tracking ID, supply chain management or application software, each offering must lower costs. GrowLife can then leverage its experience to minimize much of the risk associated with adopting the most efficient solution.Data Analysis/Market Segmentation: GrowLife will extend its reach ranging from large commercial cultivators to asperational novice and caretaker cultivators by leveraging aggregated data from across disparate systems to help companies understand their market demographic and predictive analytics resulting in greater effectiveness of customer acquisition.Operations Services: Through GrowLife partners we will continue to help customers be more successful. We support them in doing what they do best while we can help them handle the cost saving nuances of running a business.Education: GrowLife seeks to provide all levels of education around B2B, B2C and P2P so that we have a self-supporting ecosystem. We are committed to not just providing the fish, but teaching all participants in our community how to fish.These pillars enable GrowLife to acquire and develop additional offerings that will increase customer efficiencies while lowering our costs. As the market continues to increase and prices drop, we intend to do more than keep pace. GrowLife intends to lead through aggregation of customers and greater cost management for indoor cultivation of Cannabis and food industries.Why did GrowLife form an advisory board?GrowLife’s advisory board brings a highly-qualified external perspective and priceless expertise to help us gain the unique benefits and advantages needed to support our vision. The advisory board’s independence avoids internal daily pressures and invites unparalleled leadership to game changing initiatives. Our initial four advisory board members include Mr. William Andreozzi, former CTO of Weedmaps; Mr. William Blackburn, CEO of EZ Clone Enterprises Inc.; Mr. Corey Buffkin, founder and Director of Cultivation of Greenman Cannabis; and, Mr. Chris Herghelegiu, investor in several industry-related growing operations.As I mentioned in their earlier press release, I have known and admired these members and can tell you unequivocally that they have no problem pushing back on me when they disagree. While the Board of Directors have governance and compliance responsibilities, the Advisory Board brings their deep indoor cultivation industry experience in marketing, operations, equipment and technologies to GrowLife. Like many of our customers most of the Board deal with the constantly changing regulatory challenges in the Cannabis industry.We look at many M&A deals but find few that make sense for GrowLife. To increase our deal flow we need trusted advisors to help review our plans. These advisors must understand the deal domain as well as GrowLife inside out by more than a financial and governance perspective. While we are at the early stage, they have already provided great support.Mr. William Andreozzi: Bill is a hands-on experienced technology executive that is passionate about leveraging innovative technologies to solve complex problems. He’s the type of person that will help with an idea, scope out the solution, and fearlessly help tackle the challenge.Mr. William Blackburn: Billy is the creator of the EZ-CLONE Plant Cloning System and Founder/President of EZ-CLONE Enterprises Inc. He has been in the hydroponic industry since 1999, specializing in aeroponic propagation with extensive experience in manufacturing, distribution and retail sales. His latest cloning system (pictured below) can grow over 500 plants in parallel.Mr. Corey Buffkin: Corey owns and operates licensed marijuana businesses in Colorado, Nevada, and Oregon. One of his indoor operations (pictured below) in Colorado covers almost 120,000 square feet. His industry awards also recognize his production quality; make him well versed in large-scale cultivation and knowledgeable in the retail aspects of the cannabis business.Greenman Cannabis, Aurora, COMr. Chris Herghelegiu (Herk): Chris brings non-stop energy and experience from a multitude of companies in the cannabis space that he has led and contributed to cultivation, extraction, product development, technology and patient acquisition. He has held different roles in each operation from investor to CEO.When will we have a shareholder meeting?We have been postponing holding a shareholder meeting for some time because we have had a hard time justifying the $100,000+ to hold it. The reason the cost is so high is that the broker has identified that PHOT now has over 88,000 shareholders. This being said, we plan to secure the funds and expect to have the shareholder meeting this year.How can shareholders stay best informed?Every quarter we file our quarterly filings six weeks after the close of the quarter. At the end of the year, December 31, we file our annual report within 90 days after our financials are fully audited. What most investors may not be aware of is that I write the Item 2: Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA) section in these filings. I look closely at the developing market we serve, issues and how GrowLife fits in the market. The latest can be found at SEC website under Item 2. Separately, I blog about my perspective on key business issues about every three to six months.GrowLife is bound by many communication restrictions including putting out too many press releases. In the past I have had to explain the materiality of every single press release since 2012 to address concerns that information was consistently being shared shareholders. As a result GrowLife only puts out information in a broad manner to reach our shareholders and only put out material press releases that are usually tied to SEC 8-K filings and we are conservatively compliant.For more information about GrowLife, please visit: www.growlifeinc.com. Additional commentary on the Company as well as the industry is also provided on Mr. Hegyi’s blog and notifications are available via Twitter @marcohegyi. Specific financials and corporate actions on GrowLife (PHOT) can be found in the filings at the SEC website.GrowLife, Inc., press releases and other public statements contain forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act. By their nature, forward-looking statements and forecasts involve risks and uncertainties related to events dependent on circumstances that will occur in the near future. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause our actual results in future periods to differ materially from results expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, our ability to obtain rights to distribute and market our products, product availability, demand and market competition, and access to capital markets. For a more complete discussion of the risks to which our is business is subject please see our filings with the SEC. You should independently investigate and fully understand all risks before making any investment decisions in us.Share1Never miss a story from Marco Hegyi, when you sign up for Medium. Learn moreNever miss a story from Marco HegyiBlockedUnblockFollowGet updates


PHOT Marco Hegyi Insider Trades for GrowLife Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































GrowLife Inc.

                  OTC: PHOT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

GrowLife Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


PHOT

/quotes/zigman/32653388/delayed


$
0.0060




Change

-0.0001
-1.64%

Volume
Volume 4.49m
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/32653388/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.0061
		


$
				0.0060
			
Change

-0.0001
-1.64%





Day low
Day high
$0.0059
$0.0063










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.0010
        

            $0.02
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Marco Hegyi



Mr. Marco Hegyi is Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at GrowLife, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at GrowLife, Inc. Mr. Hegyi was previously employed as a Principal by The Chasm Group LLC, Senior Director-Global Product Management by Yahoo! Search Marketing Solutions, Chief Executive Officer by Rocketinfo, Inc., and Chairman by Visualant, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of California, Irvine.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/12/2016
4,000,000


 
Acquisition at $0.01 per share.


40,000


04/15/2016
1,000,000


 
Acquisition at $0.02 per share.


20,000





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Marco  Hegyi 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Mark E. Scott 
Chief Financial Officer, Director & Secretary




Mr. Joseph  Barnes 
Senior Vice President-Business Development




Ms. Katherine  McLain 
Director




Mr. Michael E. Fasci 
Secretary & Director




Mr. Darrenc  Erasmus 
Manager-Sales









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:44 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Hegyi  Marco - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Hegyi  Marco
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Hegyi  Marco. Find out Hegyi  Marco address and contact details. View other people related to Hegyi  Marco - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

500 UNION STREET SUITE 406 SEATTLE 98101 WA




Companies related to Hegyi  Marco
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001074828VISUALANT INC500 UNION STREET SUITE 810 SEATTLE 981010001161582GROWLIFE, INC.5400 CARILLON POINT  KIRKLAND 98033




Hegyi  Marco on the Web
Persons related to Hegyi  Marco - VISUALANT INCNamePositionCityYOSHITAMI  ARAIDirector TOKYOYOSHITAMI  ARAIDirector TOKYOPAUL R  BONDERSON JRDirector SUNOLSparks  BradleySEATTLERALPH MARTIN  BRIERGIG HARBORMasahiro  Kawahata  Dr.SEATTLEMasahiro  Kawahata  Dr.SEATTLERONALD P  ERICKSONCEO and President BAINBRIDGE ISLANDRONALD P  ERICKSONCEO SEATTLERONALD P  ERICKSONCEO and President SEATTLEJAMES  GINGOTUALATINJAMES  GINGODirector SEATTLEWILLIAM E.  GORDON IIISHELTER ISLANDMARCO  HEGYIDirector NEWPORT COASTMARCO  HEGYIDirector LAGUNA NIGUELMARCO  HEGYIDirector SEATTLETakesako  IchiroSEATTLEGingo  JamesSEATTLEGingo  JamesSEATTLEWilson  JeffSEATTLEPepper  JonSEATTLEPepper  JonSEATTLEMASAHIRO  KAWAHATADirector TOKYOMASAHIRO  KAWAHATADirector TOKYOJeffrey Richard  Kruse AURORARichard  ManderSEATTLERichard  ManderVP Product Mgmnt & Technology SEATTLEHegyi  MarcoSEATTLEHegyi  MarcoSEATTLEScott  MarkSEATTLEScott  MarkSEATTLEBonderson  PaulSEATTLEJON  PEPPERDirector NEW YORKJON  PEPPERDirector NEW YORKMander  RichardSEATTLEErickson  RonaldSEATTLEErickson  RonaldSEATTLEErickson  RonaldSeattleTodd Martin  SamesV.P. of Business Development SEATTLEMARK E  SCOTTChief Financial Officer MARK E  SCOTTChief Financial Officer SEATTLEMARK E  SCOTTChief Financial Officer SEATTLEBRADLEY  SPARKSDirector MERCER ISLANDBRADLEY  SPARKSDirector AUSTINBRADLEY  SPARKS AUSTINIchiro John Paul  TakesakoSEATTLESames  ToddSEATTLEJEFF T  WILSONREDMONDArai  YoshitamiSEATTLEArai  YoshitamiSEATTLEPersons related to Hegyi  Marco - GROWLIFE, INC.NamePositionCityHammer  AlanWoodland HillsTara  AntalSEATTLECiabattoni  AnthonySEATTLEJoseph  BarnesSEATTLEFretti  BradSEATTLEDoug  BraunWOODLAND HILLSSagheb  BrianWoodland HillsANTHONY J  CIABATTONILAGUNA BEACHANTHONY J  CIABATTONIDirector WOODLAND HILLSEllins  CraigWoodland HillsEllins  CraigGardenaTodd  DenkinPresident WOODLAND HILLSDENNIS  DEPENBUSCHCEO, Chairman and Secretary FORT WORTHLARRY D  DOSKOCILFORT WORTHBraun  DouglasWoodland HillsCraig  EllinsExecutive Chairman WOODLAND HILLSShevin  EricWoodland HillsMICHAEL E  FASCISecretary E TAUNTONBrad  FrettiSEATTLEGARISCH FINANCIAL INCAURORAJOHN  GENESIWOODLAND HILLSJOHN  GENESIWOODLAND HILLSJOHN  GENESI MOORPARKJeffrey  GiarraputoDirector WOODLAND HILLSDAVID  GRINNEW YORKEUGENE  GRINNEW YORKALAN R  HAMMERDirector WOODLAND HILLSALAN R  HAMMERDirector LIVINGSTONMARCO  HEGYICEO NEWPORT COASTMARCO  HEGYIWOODLAND HILLSRobert E  HuntWOODLAND HILLSRobert E  HuntExecutive Vice President WOODLAND HILLSGiarraupto  JeffWoodland HillsGiarraupto  JeffWOODLAND HILLSGiarraupto  JeffSEATTLEGiarraupto  JeffSEATTLEBarnes  JoeSEATTLEBarnes  JoeKirklandGenesi  JohnWoodland HillsMcLain  KatherineKIRKLANDKEATING INVESTMENTS LLC10% Owner GREENWOOD VILLAGEKEATING INVESTMENTS LLCGREENWOOD VILLAGEKEATING INVESTMENTS LLCKEVIN R  KEATINGPres., Secry., CEO and CFO VERO BEACHKEVIN R  KEATINGVERO BEACHKEVIN R  KEATINGDirector VERO BEACHKEATING SECURITIES LLCGREENWOOD VILLAGETIMOTHY J  KEATINGTIMOTHY J  KEATINGGREENWOOD VILLAGETIMOTHY J  KEATINGGREENWOOD VILLAGEKIG INVESTORS I, LLC10% Owner GREENWOOD VILLAGERobert T.  KurilkoGARDENALAURUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLCNEW YORKLAURUS MASTER FUND LTD NEW YORKLionsridge Capital, LLCAURORAJustin  MannsGARDENAJustin  MannsCFO WOODLAND HILLSHegyi  MarcoSEATTLEHegyi  MarcoWoodland HillsHegyi  MarcoWOODLAND HILLSHegyi  MarcoSEATTLEHegyi  MarcoKirklandScott  MarkSEATTLEScott  MarkSEATTLEScott  MarkKirklandScott  MarkWOODLAND HILLSKatherine  McLainDirector KIRKLANDFasci  MichaelSEATTLEFasci  MichaelKirklandHunt  RobertWoodland HillsBrian B.  SaghebC.E.O., C.F.O. and Secretary WOODLAND HILLSFREDERIC  SCHWEIGER10% Owner AURORAMARK E  SCOTTConsulting CFO MARK E  SCOTTWOODLAND HILLSMARK E  SCOTTConsulting CFO SEATTLESterling C.  ScottGARDENASterling C.  ScottCEO, President, and Secretary WOODLAND HILLSSterling C.  Scott10% Owner WOODLAND HILLSSterling C.  Scott SILVER SPRINGEric D  ShevinWOODLAND HILLSEric D  ShevinDirector WOODLAND HILLSEric D  ShevinDirector WOODLAND HILLSScott  SterlingGardenaScott  SterlingWoodland HillsEric  StoppenhagenNEWPORT BEACHAntal  TaraSEATTLEMARY M  TITUSDirector UNIVERSITY PARKDenkin  ToddWoodland HillsCiabattoni  TonyWoodland HillsCiabattoni  TonyWOODLAND HILLSCiabattoni  TonySEATTLECiabattoni  TonySEATTLEKyle J  TraceyWOODLAND HILLSW-Net Fund I, L.P.STUDIO CITYDAVID  WEINER STUDIO CITYDAVID  WEINERSTUDIO CITYDAVID  WEINER10% Owner STUDIO CITYWoodman Management CorpSTUDIO CITYWoodman Management Corp10% Owner STUDIO CITY
Potentially same personNameCityCountryMARCO  HEGYINEWPORT COASTCAMARCO  HEGYILAGUNA NIGUELCAHegyi  MarcoSEATTLEWAMARCO  HEGYISEATTLEWAMARCO  HEGYIWOODLAND HILLSCAHegyi  MarcoWoodland HillsCAHegyi  MarcoWOODLAND HILLSCAHegyi  MarcoSEATTLEWAHegyi  MarcoKirklandWA




Other people with surname HegyiHegyi  James, Hegyi  James, Hegyi  James








 








Marco Hegyi, Growlife Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Marco Hegyi

Chairman/President/CEO,
Growlife Inc






Career History




Chairman/President/CEO
Growlife Inc, 4/2016-PRESENT


Principal
Chasm Group, 2006-PRESENT


President
Growlife Inc, 4/2013-4/2016


Various Positions
Microsoft, 2001-2006


Senior Dir:Global Product Mgmt
Yahoo! Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.growlifeinc.com






Corporate Information
Address:

5400 Carillon Point
Kirkland, WA 98033
United States


Phone:
1-866-781-5559


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.growlifeinc.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of California
Bachelor's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




Growlife Inc


Chairman, 4/2016-PRESENT




Growlife Inc


Board Member, 9/2013-4/2016




Visualant Inc


Chairman, 5/2011-2/2015




Visualant Inc


Board Member, 2/2008-5/2011



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





















































 



 GrowLife Names Former Microsoft, Yahoo! Exec, Marco Hegyi, as New President 
         










    










 






 











 









GrowLife Names Former Microsoft, Yahoo! Exec, Marco Hegyi, as New President

		  Leadership Team Strengthens as GrowLife Begins Implementing $40 Million Capital Infusion
		

Dec 11, 2013, 08:15 ET
		  		  							
						 from   GrowLife, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


WOODLAND HILLS, Calif., Dec. 11, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- GrowLife, Inc. (OTCBB: PHOT), a diversified company operating in the legal cannabis industry which develops, markets and deploys products and services addressing the needs of legal cannabis growing and retail operations, including hydroponic growing equipment and retail support software, is pleased to announce that effective immediately, Marco Hegyi will assume the position of President and join the Board of Directors. 
"The Board of Directors and I are elated to add Mr. Hegyi's vision and considerable experience in world class team building to the GrowLife management team," stated Sterling Scott, CEO, GrowLife Inc. "The unprecedented capital infusion by CANX of $40 million in funding to a joint venture with GrowLife and the extraordinary business opportunity of the legal cannabis marketplace, led our executive search to look outside of our core industry to candidates with exemplary business experience and strategic acumen.  GrowLife is very fortunate to have Mr. Hegyi and his vast skills now dedicated to our core mission of expanding GrowLife shareholder value in the legal cannabis industry." 
Mr. Hegyi's extensive background includes significant terms of management service and world class team building experience at market leading companies. Notably, Mr. Hegyi served as Senior Director of Global Product Management at Yahoo! and prior to Yahoo!, led Microsoft's Partner Program management for Microsoft Windows, Office and server beta releases.  
Mr. Hegyi holds a degree in Information and Computer Sciences from the University of California, Irvine, and has completed advanced studies in innovation marketing, advanced management, and strategy at Harvard Business School, Stanford University, UCLA's Anderson Graduate School of Management, and MIT's Sloan School of Management. 
"During my business career I have actively participated in a number of tremendous market opportunities," stated Hegyi. "I have worked through the formation of the PC industry, the Internet revolution and more. Today, I believe that the legal cannabis market is one of the greatest business opportunities. GrowLife has a unique leadership position in the industry and I welcome the challenge and the opportunity of our extending our leadership through the unprecedented $40 million capital infusion recently announced in GrowLife's joint venture with CANX USA, LLC. I am very proud to accept this position and to serve the GrowLife Board of Directors in our mission to enhance shareholder's value."
At the same time that GrowLife welcomes Mr. Hegyi, the company extends its gratitude and best wishes to our interim president, Kyle Tracey, for his distinguished service to GrowLife over the past year, which included many accomplishments led by Mr. Tracey.  Mr. Tracey has elected to leave GrowLife for an exciting new engagement in our industry that is pending announcement.     
A GrowLife Investor Presentation can be viewed online at http://growlifeinc.com/growlife-presentations-october-2013/
From time to time, GrowLife will provide market updates and news via its websites GrowLifeInc.com, Cannabis.org or the Company's Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/tellthetruthfederalgovernment
For a GrowLife Investor Presentation visit: http://growlifeinc.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/PHOT-DECK-4_30_13.pdf
About GrowLife, Inc.
GrowLife, Inc. (PHOT) (www.growlifeinc.com) develops, markets and deploys products and services addressing the needs of legal cannabis growing and retail operations, including hydroponic growing equipment and retail support software. The Company provides these solutions in our nationwide retail network, as well as online sites Greners.com, Phototron.com and 58Hydro.com. The Company also operates the political and social forum, Cannabis.org
Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
This release contains "forward-looking statements" that include information relating to future events and future financial and operating performance.  The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "can," "believe," "potential" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved.  Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in demand for GrowLife's products, the introduction of new products, the Company's ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company's liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in GrowLife's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Examples of such forward-looking statements in this release include statements regarding future sales, costs and market acceptance of products as well as regulatory actions at the State or Federal level.  For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting GrowLife, Inc. please refer to the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at www.sec.gov. GrowLife, Inc. undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Investor Relations Contact:
Integrity Media Kurt Divich (702) 396-1000 kurt@integrityir.com
 SOURCE  GrowLife, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.growlifeinc.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Dec 26, 2013, 08:15 ET
Preview: GrowLife Adds Two New Members to Board of Directors













Dec 03, 2013, 08:15 ET
Preview: GrowLife Retains Washington, D.C. Based Law Firm Crowell & Moring to Provide M&A, Regulatory Guidance






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Marco Products













































































 Loading... Please wait...



All prices are in USD



 Shopping Cart

Menu



Compare (0 Item)


My Account

Gift Certificates

Sign in or Create an account


 


1-800-448-2197









Connect with us




























Shopping Cart


 






Search














 



Categories



Sale! Up to 70%+ off
What's New!
New Activity/Lesson Books
New Storybooks
New Thumballs
New DVDs, CDs and More ...
New Games


Grade Level/Topic
Elementary
Money-Saving Packs
Multiple Topic Activities/Lessons
Academic Skills
Organizational Skills
Study Skills 
Test Taking Skills


Anger & Conflict
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...


ADHD, OCD & More ...
Behavior
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...
Drugs & At-Risk
Empathy & Caring
Lying, Cheating & Stealing
Resiliency & Coping
Rumors & Gossip
Self Regulation & Impulse Control
Stress & Worrying
Tattling


Bullying & Teasing
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...


Career Education
Character Education
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...
Caring
Citizenship
Fairness
Respect
Responsibility
Trust & Honesty


Divorce & Family Situations
Feelings & Emotions
Grief & Loss
Health & Hygiene
Internet Safety & Digital Age
Life & Social Skills
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...
Friendship Skills
Manners
Peer Mediation


Mindfulness
Problem Solving & Decision Making
Programs for Boys
Programs for Girls
Self-Esteem & Confidence
Starting School & New Students
Trauma & Fear


Middle School
Money-Saving Packs
Multiple Topic Activities/Lessons
Academic Skills
Organizational Skills
Test Taking Skills
Study Skills


ADHD & Health
Anger & Conflict
Behavior
Lesson/Activity Books
Empathy & Feelings
Resiliency & Coping
Self-Esteem & Confidence
Self Regulation & Impulse Control
Stress & Worrying


Bullying
Career Education
Character Education
Lesson/Activity Books
Caring
Citizenship
Fairness
Respect
Responsibility
Trust & Honesty


Divorce
Grief & Loss
Internet Safety & Digital Age
Life & Social Skills
Peer Helping/Mediation
Problem Solving & Decision Making
Programs for Boys
Programs for Girls


High School
Multiple Topic Activity Books 
Academic Skills
Anger & Conflict
Behavior
Lesson/Activity Books
Anxiety & Stress
Problem Solving & Decision Making
Self Regulation


Bullying & Cliques
Career Education
Depression & Disorders
Feelings & Emotions
Grief & Loss
Internet Safety & Digital Age
Life & Social Skills
Mindfulness
Peer Helping/Mediation
Programs for Girls




Product Type
Self-Exploration/Self-Help
Self-Exploration Elementary
What-to-Do Guides for Kids®
Self-Exploration Middle & High
Instant Help Workbooks




Julia Cook 
Book Sets
Storybooks
Storybooks with Audio CD
Activity Books
Posters


Storybooks
Smart Guidance® for IWB
DVDs/Videos
Auto-B-Good
Character Chronicles
Harry and His Bucket Full of Dinosaurs
Popcorn Park
The Wumblers
Value Priced DVD/CD Kits 
More DVDs ...


Educational Games
Bingo Games
Board Games
Value Priced "Board" Games
Card Games
Spin & Learn Game Books
Puzzles
Totika® Stacking Game


Worry Eaters®
Thumballs™
In a Jar®
Roll-A-Role® Game Cubes
Puppets
Professional Development


Group Size
Individual Counseling
Small Group Counseling
Activity/Lesson Books
Games


Classroom Guidance
School Wide Programs


Ebooks





Quick Links



More

BlogAbout Our Company FAQ for Previous CustomersCatalog RequestCustomer Service RequestPurchase Orders, Shipping & ReturnsConferencesAuthor GuidelinesPrivacy Policy

















Categories



Sale! Up to 70%+ off
What's New!
New Activity/Lesson Books
New Storybooks
New Thumballs
New DVDs, CDs and More ...
New Games


Grade Level/Topic
Elementary
Money-Saving Packs
Multiple Topic Activities/Lessons
Academic Skills
Organizational Skills
Study Skills 
Test Taking Skills


Anger & Conflict
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...


ADHD, OCD & More ...
Behavior
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...
Drugs & At-Risk
Empathy & Caring
Lying, Cheating & Stealing
Resiliency & Coping
Rumors & Gossip
Self Regulation & Impulse Control
Stress & Worrying
Tattling


Bullying & Teasing
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...


Career Education
Character Education
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...
Caring
Citizenship
Fairness
Respect
Responsibility
Trust & Honesty


Divorce & Family Situations
Feelings & Emotions
Grief & Loss
Health & Hygiene
Internet Safety & Digital Age
Life & Social Skills
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...
Friendship Skills
Manners
Peer Mediation


Mindfulness
Problem Solving & Decision Making
Programs for Boys
Programs for Girls
Self-Esteem & Confidence
Starting School & New Students
Trauma & Fear


Middle School
Money-Saving Packs
Multiple Topic Activities/Lessons
Academic Skills
Organizational Skills
Test Taking Skills
Study Skills


ADHD & Health
Anger & Conflict
Behavior
Lesson/Activity Books
Empathy & Feelings
Resiliency & Coping
Self-Esteem & Confidence
Self Regulation & Impulse Control
Stress & Worrying


Bullying
Career Education
Character Education
Lesson/Activity Books
Caring
Citizenship
Fairness
Respect
Responsibility
Trust & Honesty


Divorce
Grief & Loss
Internet Safety & Digital Age
Life & Social Skills
Peer Helping/Mediation
Problem Solving & Decision Making
Programs for Boys
Programs for Girls


High School
Multiple Topic Activity Books 
Academic Skills
Anger & Conflict
Behavior
Lesson/Activity Books
Anxiety & Stress
Problem Solving & Decision Making
Self Regulation


Bullying & Cliques
Career Education
Depression & Disorders
Feelings & Emotions
Grief & Loss
Internet Safety & Digital Age
Life & Social Skills
Mindfulness
Peer Helping/Mediation
Programs for Girls




Product Type
Self-Exploration/Self-Help
Self-Exploration Elementary
What-to-Do Guides for Kids®
Self-Exploration Middle & High
Instant Help Workbooks




Julia Cook 
Book Sets
Storybooks
Storybooks with Audio CD
Activity Books
Posters


Storybooks
Smart Guidance® for IWB
DVDs/Videos
Auto-B-Good
Character Chronicles
Harry and His Bucket Full of Dinosaurs
Popcorn Park
The Wumblers
Value Priced DVD/CD Kits 
More DVDs ...


Educational Games
Bingo Games
Board Games
Value Priced "Board" Games
Card Games
Spin & Learn Game Books
Puzzles
Totika® Stacking Game


Worry Eaters®
Thumballs™
In a Jar®
Roll-A-Role® Game Cubes
Puppets
Professional Development


Group Size
Individual Counseling
Small Group Counseling
Activity/Lesson Books
Games


Classroom Guidance
School Wide Programs


Ebooks





























































































New
Featured
Sale


 

 











Dr. PlayWell's Positive Thinking Card Game


$23.95






Add To Cart









STEAM for the School Counselor with CD


$26.95






Add To Cart









The A.B.C.s of C.B.T with CD


$21.95






Add To Cart









Food for Thought: "Tasty" Guidance Lessons for Grades 3-8


$19.95






Add To Cart









 Icebreakers In a Jar: Quirky Questions to Practice Social Skills


$9.99






Add To Cart









The You & Me Social Skills Board Game-Revised Edition


$54.95






Add To Cart









The Helping, Sharing, and Caring Board Game


$54.95






Add To Cart









Hunter and His Amazing Remote Control Interactive Lessons CD 


$34.95






Add To Cart









What to Do When You Feel Too Shy: A Kid's Guide to Overcoming Social Anxiety


$15.95






Add To Cart









Self-Worth: Believe and You Will Achieve DVD


$39.95






Add To Cart









Dr. PlayWell's Coping With Stress Card Game


$23.95






Add To Cart









Dr. PlayWell's Controlling Your Anger Card Game


$23.95






Add To Cart









Unplugged: Ella Gets Her Family Back


$16.95






Add To Cart









The Lemonade Hurricane


$17.95






Add To Cart









There's a Cat in Our Class! A Tale About Getting Along


$14.95






Add To Cart









The Coping Skills Board Game


$54.95






Add To Cart









The PROcrastinator


$10.95






Add To Cart









Stop, Relax & Think Board Game


$54.95






Add To Cart









Dr. Playwell’s  Learning Social Rules in School


$54.95






Add To Cart









Worry Eaters - Wanda Large


$22.99






Add To Cart









Best Behavior Card Games Set


$61.95






Add To Cart









Study Skilled ... NOT!!! 


$9.95






Add To Cart









Cheaters Never Prosper!


$10.95






Add To Cart









Individual Counseling 3-Pack


$56.95






Add To Cart









The Judgemental Flower


$10.95






Add To Cart









One of the Hardest Days of My Life with CD


$16.95






Add To Cart









New for K-5 – 4 Pack!


$99.95






Add To Cart









Monthly Motivating Classroom Guidance Lessons with CD


$29.95






Add To Cart









My Day is Ruined!


$10.95






Add To Cart









Good Egg Group with CD: EGG-couraging Acceptance of Self and Others


$22.95






Add To Cart









All My Stripes: A Story for Children With Autism


$14.95






Add To Cart









Big Red and the Little Bitty Wolf: A Story About Bullying


$14.95






Add To Cart









The Angry Monster  Machine Board Game


$54.95






Add To Cart









Stickley Makes a Mistake! A Frog's Guide to Trying Again


$14.95






Add To Cart









Mindfulness for Teen Depression 


$16.95






Add To Cart









Mindfulness for Teen Anxiety


$15.95






Add To Cart









 Mindfulness for Teen Anger


$16.95






Add To Cart









Squirmy Learns to Be Mindful 


$14.95






Add To Cart









The World Is My  Playground What Should I Be?


$14.95






Add To Cart









The Inner-Beauty Secret Interactive Lessons CD


$29.95






Add To Cart











Featured Products








Good Workers Rule! with CD: Strategies to Help K-2 Students


$32.95






Add To Cart









New for K-5 – 4 Pack!


$99.95






Add To Cart









STEAM for the School Counselor with CD


$26.95






Add To Cart









Creative Career Education with CD


$34.95






Add To Cart









Individual Counseling 3-Pack


$56.95






Add To Cart









One of the Hardest Days of My Life with CD


$16.95






Add To Cart









The A.B.C.s of C.B.T with CD


$21.95






Add To Cart









Tweens Rock! Set


$30.95






Add To Cart









Monthly Motivating Classroom Guidance Lessons with CD


$29.95






Add To Cart









Draw Your World with CD


$18.95






Add To Cart









Good Egg Group with CD: EGG-couraging Acceptance of Self and Others


$22.95






Add To Cart









Camp Care-A-Lot with CD


$20.95






Add To Cart









Resiliency Skills to Rebound & Recover with CD


$33.95






Add To Cart









Food for Thought: "Tasty" Guidance Lessons for Grades 3-8


$19.95






Add To Cart










Products On Sale








Total Quality Counseling with CD: 4th Edition


$29.95 $19.95






Add To Cart









Kids Can Cope With Divorce: A Self-Study Manual for Students in Grades 4-8


$11.95 $7.95






Add To Cart









School Famlies


$12.95 $2.95






Add To Cart









Tutoring, Learning by Doing: A Handbook for Middle Grade Tutors


$21.95 $5.95






Add To Cart









Warm Ups & Wind Downs: 101 Activities for Moving and Motivating Groups


$9.95 $4.95






Add To Cart









Tears on the Highway DVD


$49.95 $29.95






Add To Cart









That's Enough DVD


$49.95 $19.95






Add To Cart









What's the Issue: Biblioguidance for Children that Opens Doors


$29.95 $8.95






Add To Cart









Children Surviving in a World of Violence


$29.95 $9.95






Add To Cart









Character Education & Native  American Birth Totems


$14.95






Add To Cart









Toby, the Terrific Test-Taking Toucan


$10.95 $7.95






Add To Cart









Kids Can Care: 35 Practical Steps for Implementing and Facilitating an Elementary School Peer Mediation Program


$24.95 $15.95






Add To Cart









Quilly's Sideways Grief


$12.95 $9.95






Add To Cart









Seven Life Lessons From Pinder the Panda Cub


$18.95 $12.95






Add To Cart









What's Eating You? A Workbook for Teens with Anorexia, Bulimia, and other Eating Disorders


$16.95 $9.95






Add To Cart









Character Fun Game Kit


$29.95 $19.95






Add To Cart









Creatures of Character for Grades K-1


$19.95 $9.95






Add To Cart









Seven Life Lessons From Pinder the Panda Cub with Baby Panda Puppet


$39.95 $29.95






Add To Cart









Glass DVD


$39.95 $18.95






Add To Cart









Tuning in to Children of Divorce


$16.95 $4.95






Add To Cart









Wise Woolies: A Program for Developing a Cooperative and Responsible Classroom


$19.95 $5.95






Add To Cart









Sailing New Seas: Helping Students Cope with Moving


$21.95 $14.95






Add To Cart









Starting School


$14.95 $4.95






Add To Cart









12 Stepping Stones: A Research-Based Program for Children of Alcoholics and Other Addictive Drug Users


$15.95 $4.95






Add To Cart









One Winter Day DVD


$39.95 $19.95






Add To Cart









Unlocking Your True Self: Self Discovery Lessons Written from the Heart


$15.95 $7.95






Add To Cart









102 Tools for Teachers & Counselors, Too


$21.95 $15.95






Add To Cart









The Kid Connection on Divorce with Audio CD


$17.95 $12.95






Add To Cart









Ocho: A Character Education Story


$7.95 $1.00






Add To Cart









Peervention Student Handbook


$14.95 $9.95






Add To Cart









Creatures of Character for Grades 2-3


$19.95 $9.95






Add To Cart


















Popular Products








Drama Free Tweens with CD


$17.95






Add To Cart









Total Quality Counseling with CD: 4th Edition


$29.95 $19.95






Add To Cart









Good Workers Rule! with CD: Strategies to Help K-2 Students


$32.95






Add To Cart









Camp Care-A-Lot with CD


$20.95






Add To Cart









Baditude! What to Do When Your Life Stinks!


$10.95






Add To Cart




















Sign up for our newsletter






Name



Email
















Quick Links



More

BlogAbout Our Company FAQ for Previous CustomersCatalog RequestCustomer Service RequestPurchase Orders, Shipping & ReturnsConferencesAuthor GuidelinesPrivacy Policy







Categories


Sale! Up to 70%+ off
What's New!
New Activity/Lesson Books
New Storybooks
New Thumballs
New DVDs, CDs and More ...
New Games


Grade Level/Topic
Elementary
Money-Saving Packs
Multiple Topic Activities/Lessons
Academic Skills
Organizational Skills
Study Skills 
Test Taking Skills


Anger & Conflict
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...


ADHD, OCD & More ...
Behavior
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...
Drugs & At-Risk
Empathy & Caring
Lying, Cheating & Stealing
Resiliency & Coping
Rumors & Gossip
Self Regulation & Impulse Control
Stress & Worrying
Tattling


Bullying & Teasing
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...


Career Education
Character Education
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...
Caring
Citizenship
Fairness
Respect
Responsibility
Trust & Honesty


Divorce & Family Situations
Feelings & Emotions
Grief & Loss
Health & Hygiene
Internet Safety & Digital Age
Life & Social Skills
Lesson/Activity Books
Storybooks
Games, DVDs & More ...
Friendship Skills
Manners
Peer Mediation


Mindfulness
Problem Solving & Decision Making
Programs for Boys
Programs for Girls
Self-Esteem & Confidence
Starting School & New Students
Trauma & Fear


Middle School
Money-Saving Packs
Multiple Topic Activities/Lessons
Academic Skills
Organizational Skills
Test Taking Skills
Study Skills


ADHD & Health
Anger & Conflict
Behavior
Lesson/Activity Books
Empathy & Feelings
Resiliency & Coping
Self-Esteem & Confidence
Self Regulation & Impulse Control
Stress & Worrying


Bullying
Career Education
Character Education
Lesson/Activity Books
Caring
Citizenship
Fairness
Respect
Responsibility
Trust & Honesty


Divorce
Grief & Loss
Internet Safety & Digital Age
Life & Social Skills
Peer Helping/Mediation
Problem Solving & Decision Making
Programs for Boys
Programs for Girls


High School
Multiple Topic Activity Books 
Academic Skills
Anger & Conflict
Behavior
Lesson/Activity Books
Anxiety & Stress
Problem Solving & Decision Making
Self Regulation


Bullying & Cliques
Career Education
Depression & Disorders
Feelings & Emotions
Grief & Loss
Internet Safety & Digital Age
Life & Social Skills
Mindfulness
Peer Helping/Mediation
Programs for Girls




Product Type
Self-Exploration/Self-Help
Self-Exploration Elementary
What-to-Do Guides for Kids®
Self-Exploration Middle & High
Instant Help Workbooks




Julia Cook 
Book Sets
Storybooks
Storybooks with Audio CD
Activity Books
Posters


Storybooks
Smart Guidance® for IWB
DVDs/Videos
Auto-B-Good
Character Chronicles
Harry and His Bucket Full of Dinosaurs
Popcorn Park
The Wumblers
Value Priced DVD/CD Kits 
More DVDs ...


Educational Games
Bingo Games
Board Games
Value Priced "Board" Games
Card Games
Spin & Learn Game Books
Puzzles
Totika® Stacking Game


Worry Eaters®
Thumballs™
In a Jar®
Roll-A-Role® Game Cubes
Puppets
Professional Development


Group Size
Individual Counseling
Small Group Counseling
Activity/Lesson Books
Games


Classroom Guidance
School Wide Programs


Ebooks





Recent Updates



Marco Products is at ASCA 2017
Stop by our booth 601, 700 and say hello. We look forward to seeing …


Meet Author Sharon Stiefel
Sharon will be presenting the Good Egg Group at theVirginia Area Specialists in …


Meet Author Karen Griffitn
Karen is a Key Note speaker at the Kentucky School Counselors Conference this …





























Copyright 2017 Marco Products. All Rights Reserved. | Sitemap |
                        Bigcommerce Premium Themes by PSDCenter
All prices are in USD

















