
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Rory A Held - New York, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Rory A Held in New York, NY


Rory A Held

                                                                           Intelius found that Rory A Held  is  a male between 40 and 40 years old from New York, NY.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Rory A Held is in his 40s

Rory Has Lived In

New York, NY
Park City, UT

Rory's Relatives

Cecelia Held
Peter Held







Rory A Held



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderMale



Professional Status
Tiedemann Investment Group



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Rory? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Rory, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Rory A Held
Get a Criminal Check on Rory A Held
Get a Public Record Report on Rory A Held
Get a People Search Report on Rory A Held


Rory A Held's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Rory A Held has lived as well as Rory A Held's phone numbers and email addresses.




Rory A Held Has Lived in 2 States
New York Address for Rory A Held


119 W 4*** S* 

New York, NY


Has Lived In

New York, NY
Park City, UT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Rory A Held

() ***-**** - New York, NY 
(212) ***-****
(917) ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Rory A Held

r*******d@***.com
r***d@***.com


Get Email Report




Rory A Held's Professional Information
Information regarding Rory A Held's professional history.  Find out previous places Rory A Held has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Rory A Held Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Tiedemann Investment Group
               
Rory A Held's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Tiedemann Investment Group
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Rory A Held

 See Rory A Held's LinkedIn Profile



Rory A Held's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Rory A Held


Rory A Held's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Rory A Held's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Rory Held
Username Matches

                  RoryHeld
                  HeldRory
                  Rory.Held
                  Held.Rory
                  Rory_Held
                  Held_Rory
                  Rory-Held
                  Held-Rory
                  RHeld
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Held







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Rory Sutherland: Life lessons from an ad man | TED Talk Subtitles and Transcript | TED.com










































































You have JavaScript disabled
For the best experience, please turn JavaScript on.
Here's how






































				Rory Sutherland
			

Life lessons from an ad man



					2,856,876
					 views

 • 16:39


•

						Subtitles in 32 languages
					







Up next


Details


Discussion






							Details
							About the talk




							Transcript
							
								32 languages
							










Arabic
Armenian
Bulgarian
Chinese, Simplified
Chinese, Traditional
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hungarian
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Lithuanian
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Portuguese, Brazilian
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Spanish
Swedish
Thai
Turkish
Vietnamese









											 0:11
										



												This is my first time at TED. Normally, as an advertising man,
												I actually speak at TED Evil, which is TED's secret sister
												that pays all the bills.
												It's held every two years in Burma.
												And I particularly remember a really good speech
												by Kim Jong Il on how to get teens smoking again.
												(Laughter)
										





											 0:31
										



												But, actually, it's suddenly come to me after years working in the business,
												that what we create in advertising,
												which is intangible value — you might call it perceived value,
												you might call it badge value, subjective value,
												intangible value of some kind —
												gets rather a bad rap.
												If you think about it, if you want to live in a world in the future
												where there are fewer material goods, you basically have two choices.
												You can either live in a world which is poorer,
												which people in general don't like.
												Or you can live in a world where actually intangible value
												constitutes a greater part of overall value,
												that actually intangible value, in many ways
												is a very, very fine substitute
												for using up labor or limited resources
												in the creation of things.
										





											 1:11
										



												Here is one example. This is a train which goes from London to Paris.
												The question was given to a bunch of engineers,
												about 15 years ago, "How do we make the journey to Paris better?"
												And they came up with a very good engineering solution,
												which was to spend six billion pounds
												building completely new tracks
												from London to the coast,
												and knocking about 40 minutes off a three-and-half-hour journey time.
												Now, call me Mister Picky. I'm just an ad man ...
												... but it strikes me as a slightly unimaginative way of improving a train journey
												merely to make it shorter.
												Now what is the hedonic opportunity cost
												on spending six billion pounds on those railway tracks?
										





											 1:45
										



												Here is my naive advertising man's suggestion.
												What you should in fact do is employ all of the world's top male
												and female supermodels,
												pay them to walk the length of the train, handing out free Chateau Petrus
												for the entire duration of the journey.
												(Laughter)
												(Applause)
												Now, you'll still have about three billion pounds left in change,
												and people will ask for the trains to be slowed down.
												(Laughter)
										





											 2:09
										



												Now, here is another naive advertising man's question again.
												And this shows that engineers,
												medical people, scientific people,
												have an obsession with solving the problems of reality,
												when actually most problems, once you reach a basic level of wealth
												in society, most problems are actually problems of perception.
												So I'll ask you another question.
												What on earth is wrong with placebos?
												They seem fantastic to me. They cost very little to develop.
												They work extraordinarily well.
												They have no side effects,
												or if they do, they're imaginary, so you can safely ignore them.
												(Laughter)
										





											 2:41
										



												So I was discussing this. And I actually went to the Marginal Revolution blog
												by Tyler Cowen. I don't know if anybody knows it.
												Someone was actually suggesting that you can take this concept further,
												and actually produce placebo education.
												The point is that education doesn't actually work by teaching you things.
												It actually works by giving you the impression
												that you've had a very good education, which gives you an insane sense
												of unwarranted self-confidence,
												which then makes you very, very successful in later life.
												So, welcome to Oxford, ladies and gentlemen.
												(Laughter)
												(Applause)
										





											 3:09
										



												But, actually, the point of placebo education is interesting.
												How many problems of life can be solved
												actually by tinkering with perception,
												rather than that tedious, hardworking and messy business
												of actually trying to change reality?
												Here's a great example from history. I've heard this attributed to several other kings,
												but doing a bit of historical research,
												it seems to be Fredrick the Great.
												Fredrick the Great of Prussia was very, very keen
												for the Germans to adopt the potato and to eat it,
												because he realized that if you had two sources of carbohydrate,
												wheat and potatoes, you get less price volatility in bread.
												And you get a far lower risk of famine,
												because you actually had two crops to fall back on, not one.
										





											 3:43
										



												The only problem is: potatoes, if you think about it, look pretty disgusting.
												And also, 18th century Prussians ate very, very few vegetables —
												rather like contemporary Scottish people.
												(Laughter)
												So, actually, he tried making it compulsory.
												The Prussian peasantry said,
												"We can't even get the dogs to eat these damn things.
												They are absolutely disgusting and they're good for nothing."
												There are even records of people being executed
												for refusing to grow potatoes.
										





											 4:07
										



												So he tried plan B.
												He tried the marketing solution, which is he declared the potato
												as a royal vegetable, and none but the royal family could consume it.
												And he planted it in a royal potato patch,
												with guards who had instructions
												to guard over it, night and day,
												but with secret instructions not to guard it very well.
												(Laughter)
												Now, 18th century peasants know that there is one
												pretty safe rule in life, which is if something is worth guarding,
												it's worth stealing.
												Before long, there was a massive underground
												potato-growing operation in Germany.
												What he'd effectively done is he'd re-branded the potato.
												It was an absolute masterpiece.
										





											 4:40
										



												I told this story and a gentleman from Turkey came up to me and said,
												"Very, very good marketer, Fredrick the Great. But not a patch on Ataturk."
												Ataturk, rather like Nicolas Sarkozy,
												was very keen to discourage the wearing of a veil,
												in Turkey, to modernize it.
												Now, boring people would have just simply banned the veil.
												But that would have ended up with a lot of awful kickback
												and a hell of a lot of resistance.
												Ataturk was a lateral thinker.
												He made it compulsory for prostitutes to wear the veil.
												(Laughter)
												(Applause)
										





											 5:11
										



												I can't verify that fully, but it does not matter.
												There is your environmental problem solved, by the way, guys:
												All convicted child molesters
												have to drive a Porsche Cayenne.
												(Laughter)
												What Ataturk realized actually is two very fundamental things.
												Which is that, actually, first one,
												all value is actually relative.
												All value is perceived value.
										





											 5:34
										



												For those of you who don't speak Spanish, jugo de naranja — it's actually the Spanish for "orange juice."
												Because actually it's not the dollar. It's actually the peso
												in Buenos Aires. Very clever Buenos Aires street vendors
												decided to practice price discrimination
												to the detriment of any passing gringo tourists.
												As an advertising man, I have to admire that.
										





											 5:48
										



												But the first thing is that all value is subjective.
												Second point is that persuasion is often better than compulsion.
												These funny signs that flash your speed at you,
												some of the new ones, on the bottom right,
												now actually show a smiley face or a frowny face,
												to act as an emotional trigger.
												What's fascinating about these signs is they cost about 10 percent
												of the running cost of a conventional speed camera,
												but they prevent twice as many accidents.
												So, the bizarre thing, which is baffling
												to conventional, classically trained economists,
												is that a weird little smiley face
												has a better effect on changing your behavior
												than the threat of a £60 fine and three penalty points.
										





											 6:24
										



												Tiny little behavioral economics detail:
												in Italy, penalty points go backwards.
												You start with 12 and they take them away.
												Because they found that loss aversion
												is a more powerful influence on people's behavior.
												In Britain we tend to feel, "Whoa! Got another three!"
												Not so in Italy.
										





											 6:40
										



												Another fantastic case of creating intangible value
												to replace actual or material value, which remember, is what,
												after all, the environmental movement needs to be about:
												This again is from Prussia, from, I think, about 1812, 1813.
												The wealthy Prussians, to help in the war against the French,
												were encouraged to give in all their jewelry.
												And it was replaced with replica jewelry
												made of cast iron.
												Here's one: "Gold gab ich für Eisen, 1813."
												The interesting thing is that for 50 years hence,
												the highest status jewelry you could wear in Prussia
												wasn't made of gold or diamonds.
												It was made of cast iron.
												Because actually, never mind the actual intrinsic value
												of having gold jewelry. This actually
												had symbolic value, badge value.
												It said that your family had made a great sacrifice in the past.
										





											 7:22
										



												So, the modern equivalent would of course be this.
												(Laughter)
												But, actually, there is a thing, just as there are Veblen goods,
												where the value of the good depends on it being expensive and rare —
												there are opposite kind of things
												where actually the value in them depends on them being
												ubiquitous, classless and minimalistic.
										





											 7:38
										



												If you think about it, Shakerism was a proto-environmental movement.
												Adam Smith talks about 18th century America,
												where the prohibition against visible displays of wealth was so great,
												it was almost a block in the economy in New England,
												because even wealthy farmers could find nothing to spend their money on
												without incurring the displeasure of their neighbors.
												It's perfectly possible to create these social pressures
												which lead to more egalitarian societies.
										





											 8:00
										



												What's also interesting, if you look at products
												that have a high component
												of what you might call messaging value,
												a high component of intangible value, versus their intrinsic value:
												They are often quite egalitarian.
												In terms of dress, denim is perhaps the perfect example of something
												which replaces material value with symbolic value.
												Coca-Cola. A bunch of you may be a load of pinkos,
												and you may not like the Coca-Cola company,
												but it's worth remembering Andy Warhol's point about Coke.
												What Warhol said about Coke is, he said,
												"What I really like about Coca-Cola is the president of the United States
												can't get a better Coke than the bum on the corner of the street."
												Now, that is, actually, when you think about it — we take it for granted —
												it's actually a remarkable achievement,
												to produce something that's that democratic.
										





											 8:40
										



												Now, we basically have to change our views slightly.
												There is a basic view that real value involves making things,
												involves labor. It involves engineering.
												It involves limited raw materials.
												And that what we add on top is kind of false. It's a fake version.
												And there is a reason for some suspicion and uncertainly about it.
												It patently veers toward propaganda.
												However, what we do have now
												is a much more variegated media ecosystem
												in which to kind of create this kind of value, and it's much fairer.
										





											 9:09
										



												When I grew up, this was basically the media environment of my childhood
												as translated into food.
												You had a monopoly supplier. On the left,
												you have Rupert Murdoch, or the BBC.
												(Laughter)
												And on your right you have a dependent public
												which is pathetically grateful for anything you give it.
												(Laughter)
										





											 9:25
										



												Nowadays, the user is actually involved.
												This is actually what's called, in the digital world, "user-generated content."
												Although it's called agriculture in the world of food.
												(Laughter)
												This is actually called a mash-up,
												where you take content that someone else has produced
												and you do something new with it.
												In the world of food we call it cooking.
												This is food 2.0,
												which is food you produce for the purpose of sharing it with other people.
												This is mobile food. British are very good at that.
												Fish and chips in newspaper, the Cornish Pasty,
												the pie, the sandwich.
												We invented the whole lot of them.
												We're not very good at food in general. Italians do great food,
												but it's not very portable, generally.
												(Laughter)
										





											10:06
										



												I only learned this the other day. The Earl of Sandwich didn't invent the sandwich.
												He actually invented the toasty. But then, the Earl of Toasty would be a ridiculous name.
												(Laughter)
										





											10:12
										



												Finally, we have contextual communication.
												Now, the reason I show you Pernod — it's only one example.
												Every country has a contextual alcoholic drink. In France it's Pernod.
												It tastes great within the borders of that country,
												but absolute shite if you take it anywhere else.
												(Laughter)
												Unicum in Hungary, for example.
												The Greeks have actually managed to produce something called Retsina,
												which even tastes shite when you're in Greece.
												(Laughter)
										





											10:35
										



												But so much communication now is contextual
												that the capacity for actually nudging people,
												for giving them better information — B.J. Fogg,
												at the University of Stanford, makes the point
												that actually the mobile phone is —
												He's invented the phrase, "persuasive technologies."
												He believes the mobile phone, by being location-specific,
												contextual, timely and immediate,
												is simply the greatest persuasive technology device ever invented.
										





											10:55
										



												Now, if we have all these tools at our disposal,
												we simply have to ask the question,
												and Thaler and Sunstein have, of how we can use these more intelligently.
												I'll give you one example.
												If you had a large red button of this kind, on the wall of your home,
												and every time you pressed it, it saved 50 dollars for you,
												put 50 dollars into your pension,
												you would save a lot more.
												The reason is that the interface fundamentally determines
												the behavior. Okay?
										





											11:18
										



												Now, marketing has done a very, very good job of creating
												opportunities for impulse buying.
												Yet we've never created the opportunity for impulse saving.
												If you did this, more people would save more.
												It's simply a question of changing the interface
												by which people make decisions,
												and the very nature of the decisions changes.
												Obviously, I don't want people to do this,
												because as an advertising man I tend to regard saving as just
												consumerism needlessly postponed.
												(Laughter)
												But if anybody did want to do that,
												that's the kind of thing we need to be thinking about, actually:
												fundamental opportunities to change human behavior.
										





											11:51
										



												Now, I've got an example here from Canada.
												There was a young intern at Ogilvy Canada
												called Hunter Somerville,
												who was working in improv in Toronto,
												and got a part-time job in advertising,
												and was given the job of advertising Shreddies.
												Now this is the most perfect case of creating
												intangible, added value,
												without changing the product in the slightest.
												Shreddies is a strange, square, whole-grain cereal,
												only available in New Zealand, Canada and Britain.
												It's Kraft's peculiar way of rewarding loyalty to the crown.
												(Laughter)
												In working out how you could re-launch Shreddies,
												he came up with this.
										





											12:38
										



												Video: (Buzzer)
												Man: Shreddies is supposed to be square.
												(Laughter)
										





											12:48
										



												Woman: Have any of these diamond shapes gone out?
												(Laughter)
										





											12:53
										



												Voiceover: New Diamond Shreddies cereal.
												Same 100 percent whole-grain wheat in a delicious diamond shape.
												(Applause)
										





											13:02
										



												Rory Sutherland: I'm not sure this isn't the most perfect example
												of intangible value creation. All it requires is
												photons, neurons, and a great idea to create this thing.
												I would say it's a work of genius.
												But, naturally, you can't do this kind of thing without a little bit of market research.
										





											13:14
										



												Man: So, Shreddies is actually producing a new product,
												which is something very exciting for them.
												So they are introducing new Diamond Shreddies.
												(Laughter)
												So I just want to get your first impressions when you see that,
												when you see the Diamond Shreddies box there.
												(Laughter)
										





											13:34
										



												Woman: Weren't they square?
										





											13:36
										



												Woman #2: I'm a little bit confused. Woman #3: They look like the squares to me.
										





											13:38
										



												Man: They — Yeah, it's all in the appearance.
												But it's kind of like flipping a six or a nine. Like a six,
												if you flip it over it looks like a nine.
												But a six is very different from a nine.
										





											13:48
										



												Woman # 3: Or an "M" and a "W". Man: An "M" and a "W", exactly.
										





											13:50
										



												Man #2: [unclear]
												You just looked like you turned it on its end. But when you see it like that
												it's more interesting looking.
										





											13:57
										



												Man: Just try both of them.
												Take a square one there, first.
												(Laughter)
												Man: Which one did you prefer? Man #2: The first one.
										





											14:16
										



												Man: The first one?
												(Laughter)
										





											14:20
										



												Rory Sutherland: Now, naturally, a debate raged.
												There were conservative elements in Canada, unsurprisingly,
												who actually resented this intrusion.
												So, eventually, the manufacturers actually
												arrived at a compromise, which was the combo pack.
												(Laughter)
												(Applause)
												(Laughter)
										





											14:50
										



												If you think it's funny, bear in mind there is an organization called
												the American Institute of Wine Economics,
												which actually does extensive research into perception of things,
												and discovers that except for among
												perhaps five or ten percent of the most knowledgeable people,
												there is no correlation between quality and enjoyment
												in wine,
												except when you tell the people how expensive it is,
												in which case they tend to enjoy the more expensive stuff more.
												So drink your wine blind in the future.
										





											15:15
										



												But this is both hysterically funny —
												but I think an important philosophical point,
												which is, going forward, we need more of this kind of value.
												We need to spend more time appreciating what already exists,
												and less time agonizing over what else we can do.
										





											15:27
										



												Two quotations to more or less end with.
												One of them is, "Poetry is when you make new things
												familiar and familiar things new."
												Which isn't a bad definition of what our job is,
												to help people appreciate what is unfamiliar, but also
												to gain a greater appreciation, and place a far higher value on
												those things which are already existing.
												There is some evidence, by the way, that things like social networking help do that.
												Because they help people share news.
												They give badge value to everyday little trivial activities.
												So they actually reduce the need for actually spending great money on display,
												and increase the kind of third-party
												enjoyment you can get from the smallest, simplest things in life. Which is magic.
										





											16:02
										



												The second one is the second G.K. Chesterton quote of this session,
												which is, "We are perishing for want of wonder, not for want of wonders,"
												which I think for anybody involved in technology, is perfectly true.
												And a final thing: When you place a value on things like health,
												love, sex and other things,
												and learn to place a material value
												on what you've previously discounted
												for being merely intangible, a thing not seen,
												you realize you're much, much wealthier than you ever imagined.
												Thank you very much indeed.
												(Applause)
										










Advertising adds value to a product by changing our perception, rather than the product itself. Rory Sutherland makes the daring assertion that a change in perceived value can be just as satisfying as what we consider “real” value — and his conclusion has interesting consequences for how we look at life.


About the speaker





Rory Sutherland
·
Advertising guru

Rory Sutherland stands at the center of an advertising revolution in brand identities, designing cutting-edge, interactive campaigns that blur the line between ad and entertainment.


Rory Sutherland stands at the center of an advertising revolution in brand identities, designing cutting-edge, interactive campaigns that blur the line between ad and entertainment.
























  Products – Joey+Rory Store
  




































 Cart: 0

Menu







































Home
>
Products
> Page 1 of 3




Products

Sort by:

Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
A-Z
Z-A
Oldest to Newest
Newest to Oldest
Best Selling



















3 DVD Collection
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 50.00
      
      











4 CD Collection
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 50.00
      
      











7 DVD Collection
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 150.00
      
      











8 CD & 7 DVD Collection
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 250.00
      
      











8 CD Collection
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 100.00
      
      











A Farmhouse Christmas CD
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 15.00
      
      











A Farmhouse Christmas CD/DVD Collection
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 24.95
      
      











A Farmhouse Christmas DVD
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 19.95
      
      











Album Number Two CD
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 15.00
      
      











AUTOGRAPHED COPY of 'THIS LIFE I LIVE' book
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 24.99
      
      











Bradley Walker - Call Me Old Fashioned
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 15.00
      
      











Country Classics CD
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 15.00
      
      











Country Classics CD/DVD Collection
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 24.95
      
      











Country Classics DVD
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 19.95
      
      











Heidi Feek "The Only" - CD
Heidi Feek

      
        
        
        $ 15.00
      
      











Heidi Feek "The Only" - vinyl LP
Heidi Feek

      
        
        
        $ 20.00
      
      











His and Hers CD
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 15.00
      
      











Hymns That are Important to Us - DVD
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 19.95
      
      











Hymns That are Important to Us CD
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 14.95
      
      











Hymns That are Important to Us CD/DVD Collection
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 24.95
      
      











If Not For You - Joey Feek (special 48-page 'ZinePak' CD version)
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 20.00
      
      











Inspired CD
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 15.00
      
      











Inspired CD/DVD Collection
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 24.95
      
      











Inspired DVD
Joey+Rory Store

      
        
        
        $ 19.95
      
      








Page 1 of 3
Next

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Company - GrayMeta™


















































 







 







(855) 202-2270
 

Schedule Demo
Contact Support
  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 








Companies rely on GrayMeta Solutions
 
 
 
 








 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


GrayMeta Leadership
We are an accomplished group with global experience.
 
 
 




Tim Stockhaus
Founder/Executive Chairman
An entrepreneur at heart, Tim has led disruptive technology advancements and process improvements by introducing nonlinear file-based workflows to the Media & Entertainment industry. His visionary approach has resulted in exponential growth of the companies he has founded in the past. Now, as the founder of GrayMeta, Tim leads with the same innovation mindset and tenacity that has led teams to exceed market expectations time and time again.
 
 



Thomas Szabo
Chief Executive Officer
Tom has developed and led three technology companies throughout his career with market value of over $500M (Digital On-Demand, PWM, Telanetix). His understanding of developing businesses, scaling through partnerships, and relentless execution are now leading GrayMeta to success.
 
 



Rory Donnelly
Chief Operating Officer
Rory brings years of business development, strategy, and operational experience. Prior to joining GrayMeta, he worked at Goldman Sachs and has held business development roles at a structured credit fund and a quantitative hedge fund.
 
 
 




John Motz
Chief Technology Officer
John has consistently developed amazing customer experiences throughout his career. He served as a product and development leader at Intuit and was VP of Product at ADP. He has expertise in patents around machine learning and data algorithms. John’s focus is delivering products and customer experiences that are simple, intuitive, and impactful.
 
 



Josh Wiggins
Chief Commercial Officer
Josh brings 20 years of global experience (EMEA, North America, and Asia Pac) in sales, business development and strategic solutions to GrayMeta. He has been responsible for providing technology and SaaS solutions at Digitalsmiths, T3Media, and most recently Deluxe Media.
 
 
 
 



Meet the Team
 
 
 




Sean Bean
Sales Dev Representative
 
 



Bob Berger
VP Professional Services
 
 



Gina Corona
Senior Director, Customer Success
 
 



Gregory Cox
Senior Director, Technical Services
 
 
 




Chris Dinsmore
Senior UX Designer
 
 



Aaron Edell
Chief Product Owner
 
 



Faye Espiritu
Senior Manager, Integrated Marketing
 
 



Mark Gray
President
 
 
 




Jason Hancock
Software Developer
 
 



Tim Henderson
VP Product & Solutions
 
 



Chris Hubert
Full Stack Developer
 
 



Mel Jensen
VP, Marketing & Communications
 
 
 




Jonathan Low
SVP Sales & Acct Mgmt
 
 



Ari Mattson
Creative Director
 
 



Bland McCartha
VP OEM & Reseller Sales
 
 



Marian Montagnino
Software Developer
 
 
 




Aron Rightious
System Engineer
 
 



Sam Ward
Go Developer
 
 



Jodynne Wood
VP, Sales & Acct Mgmt
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














We use cookies to help us improve, promote, and protect our services. By continuing to use the site, you agree to our privacy policy.Ok




	ACS Names Rory Beudette COO of Cleaning Products Division



































































News/Industry


Industry News
CleanLink Minute
Buyer's Guide
Industry Links
Find by Key Phrase
Jobs




CleanLink Topics

Business & Industry
Brooms, Mops & Carts
Carpet Cleaning
Cleaners & Disinfectants
Dilution Control
Floor Care Chemicals
Floor Care Equipment
Floor Pads & Brushes
Green Cleaning & Sustainability
Hand Dryers
Ice Melt
Infection Control
Odor Control
Paper Products & Dispensers
Soap & Dispensers
Software
Vacuums




Trending


Engineered Water
Team Clean
School Cleaning
Training




Magazines


Contracting Profits
Sanitary Maintenance
Facility Cleaning Decisions




Products


New Products
Top Products
Find Products
Buyer's Guide


Product Groups

Business & Industry
Brooms, Mops & Carts
Carpet Cleaning
Cleaners & Disinfectants
Dilution Control
Floor Care Chemicals
Floor Care Equipment
Floor Pads & Brushes
Green Cleaning & Sustainability
Hand Dryers
Ice Melt
Infection Control
Odor Control
Paper Products & Dispensers
Soap & Dispensers
Software
Vacuums




Education


Webcasts
Associations





Info


Email Management
Subscribe
Contact Us
RSS Feeds
Site Map
About Us
Advertising
Our Content On Your Site
Contributing Content to Cleanlink
Policies




Search


Browse Keywords


















Executive Reports
Sign Up



KEY EXECUTIVE REPORTS FOR YOU
NEW! 2017 Report On The Building Service Contractor Market — Member ContentNEW! The Top Sales Compensation Plans Of 2016 - Member Content











News & Views
3/10/2015


ACS Names Rory Beudette COO of Cleaning Products Division
















        Tweet






Sponsors
















ACS Industries, Inc. (ACS) takes great pleasure in announcing the appointment of Rory Beaudette as Chief Operating Officer of the ACS’ Cleaning Products Division.Rory has held the position of Vice President, Sales for the Scrubble Products Division for many years and will now assume complete responsibility for all operations of this business unit.




Disclaimer: Please note that Facebook comments are posted through Facebook and cannot be approved, edited or declined by CleanLink.com. The opinions expressed in Facebook comments do not necessarily reflect those of CleanLink.com or its staff. To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines.






























Free E-Mail Newsletter


Industry News & Trends

Industry Training & Events

Advice from the Field

Insights & Updates

















Select an Organization ▾
Distributor/Wholesaler
Building Service Contractor
Manufacturer Rep Firm (Manufacturer's Agent)
In-house Facility/Cleaning Management
Manufacturer
Industry Consultant
Residential Cleaning



All fields are required.
















 SIGN UP







Topics





Brooms, Mops & Carts
Business & Industry
Carpet Cleaning
Cleaners & Disinfectants
Dilution Control
Floor Care Chemicals
Floor Care Equipment
Floor Pads & Brushes
Green Cleaning & Sustainability
Hand Dryers





Ice Melt
Infection Control
Odor Control
Paper Products & Dispensers
Soap & Dispensers
Software
Vacuums























































Mele & Co. Rory Wooden Charging Valet in Java Finish - Bed Bath & Beyond


































Skip to Primary Content 
Skip to Navigation 
    JavaScript Disabled Bed Bath & Beyond works best with JavaScript enabled. To learn how to enable JavaScript in the most popular web browsers View PDF.   



















Please Enable CookiesCookies are required for our site to function properly. Please go to your browser settings and enable cookies. 




 buybuy BABYOpens a new window Cost Plus World MarketOpens a new window Christmas Tree ShopsOpens a new window Harmon Face ValuesOpens a new window Of A KindOpens a new window One Kings LaneOpens a new window Personalization MallOpens a new window 




  



 













  




  Free Shipping  on Orders over $29 details     Free Truck Delivery shop now    




	                                    Find A Store  

You May Like...   

									 	Track Order
Contact Us
Gift Cards

 Ship To   

   






Products
Opens a flyout



 Gifts


 Personalized Gifts


 Bedding


 Bath


 Kitchen


 Dining


 Home Decor


 Furniture


 Storage & Cleaning


 Outdoor


 Baby & Kids


 Health & Beauty


 More


 Shops


LOOK LOVE Healthy Living Designer Picks Shop by Brand Shop For College New Arrivals  Clearance & Savings
  

Trends & Ideas Opens a flyout



LOOK LOVE


Look Love
Experience our new curated collections showcasing modern, eclectic and traditional styles to suit all your decorating needs.
Shop All Look Love




brooklyn 






luxe fabrications 






mid century mash-up 






flea market chic 






coastal 





Shop the Room


Shop the Room
Design the room of your dreams effortlessly with the help of our Shop the Room guide. Filled with unique and beautiful pieces made to cater to your taste, the carefully curated rooms showcase an array of styles destined to be perfect for you and your home. Shop All Rooms

 

 
Bedroom




 
Living Room




 
Bathroom



 
 
 



Designer Picks


Designer Picks
Designers put together their favorite finds from throughout our website to create showcase spaces. Get ready to be inspired.
Shop All Designer Picks




Holiday Hostess
By Jaclyn Cusenza Real Simple





Small Space Outdoor Living
By Kyle Schuneman





From Runway To Hideaway
By Christian Siriano





Bright White Cottage
By Kristen Payne Coastal Living





Kaleidoscope Bedroom
By Sarah Pipps Aeropostale





Healthy Living


Well Beyond
A program designed to support overall well-being that includes dozens of smart solutions to improve nutrition, sleep, fitness, relaxation and your home environment. Shop All Healthy Living


 
Eat Better




 
Get Fit




 
Clean & Purify




 
Sleep Well




 
Relax & Restore






Shops


Shops
Discover a curated assortment of products and solutions to fit your lifestyle.
View All Shops




Coastal 






Fine Linens 






Summer Shop 






Smart Innovation






Sleepaway Camp








Above & Beyond Blog Opens a new window


Bed Bath & Beyond TV Opens a new window


Photo Gallery






        Mover
        Opens a flyout




Shop Mover




Checklists


Moving Checklists
Make sure to tick off every item on these to-do lists, from greeting your movers at your old house to rolling out the rug in your new one. 
See All Checklists




The Ultimate Moving Checklist






The Master Moving Day Checklist






Your Last Box Checklist






Post Move - Shopping Trip Checklist






Post Move - Home Essentials Checklist






Your Mover Blog


We've Got your Back
Tips, tricks and smart solutions to make your move easier.
See All Tips & Advice




Planning & Packing






Moving Day






Organizing Your Space






Inspired Rooms






Settling In






Create a Registry


Create a Housewarming Registry
Getting Ready for life's ultimate status change, register now.



Housewarming






benefits of registering
Build your registry with friends
                            Invite your friends to recommend items they know you’ll love.
Expert consulting
                                From the start of your registry, our registry consultants are available for you.
Amazing selection
                                We've got everything for every room - stuff you will actually love receiving.
Hassle-free returns
                                Get duplicate gifts? No problem. You can return or exchange any gift on your list.










College
Opens a flyout





 


Registry
Opens a flyout


 












Search Products





submit your search    























 

 









Home
>

	Storage & Cleaning
	
>

	Jewelry Boxes & Storage
	
>

	Watch Boxes & Winders
	
>
Mele & Co. Rory Wooden Charging Valet in Java Finish	










			
	
	
	Personalization is required to add item to cart or registry.
	
		 
 
	
















    

  





Mele & Co. Rory Wooden Charging Valet in Java Finish



                                The Rory Wooden Charging Valet by Mele & Co. is an elegant and practical way to store your valuables at night. Offers a rich java finish with hand-lined ivory sueded fabric sections for cell phones, tablets, cord storage, watches, and more.
                            


The elegant Rory Wooden Charging Valet by Mele & Co. features convenient and practical storage of your personal valuables at night as well as uncompromised style that will match any décor
Hand lined in ivory sueded fabric
Java finish
One section for a hand-held device includes cord storage
One full-width section in back for tablet or extra devices includes convenient cord access
Two sections with padded watch cushions
One section offers open area storage
Power cord not included
Measures 10-3/4" L x 9-1/2" W x 3" H
100% composite wood
Imported

SKU # 43030163   







Vendor Shipping Details
Gift Packaging Unavailable


Shipping Restrictions Details  








not yet rated

Write the first review

Share This Product



















 





	Personalize This
	

 Fee will be applied

 Return Policy



				LT_F_PRD_ID:=1043030163	LT_F_SKU_ID:=43030163	




Truck Delivery Options :



Select your delivery service level 

Truck Delivery Return Policy  


  Item(s) has been added to your Cart!






View and Manage Cart




											Upon selecting "close" you will be able to begin a new personalization.			 





$53.99$53.99
 Free Shipping on Orders Over $29  



						In Stock
	
	
			




Decrease Quantity  
Increase Quantity
   

  







OUT OF STOCK ONLINE


Notify me when this item is available. 
 













						has been added to the item price.
					



Edit

Remove 

































SKU # 43030163 







							Shop All Mele & Co. 




SAVE FOR LATER

  







 



Similar Items
The item you viewed above is out of stock. We also suggest:















Product Information

Ratings & Reviews 




The elegant Rory Wooden Charging Valet by Mele & Co. features convenient and practical storage of your personal valuables at night as well as uncompromised style that will match any décor
Hand lined in ivory sueded fabric
Java finish
One section for a hand-held device includes cord storage
One full-width section in back for tablet or extra devices includes convenient cord access
Two sections with padded watch cushions
One section offers open area storage
Power cord not included
Measures 10-3/4" L x 9-1/2" W x 3" H
100% composite wood
Imported
SKU # 43030163


 












  









Same Day Delivery Exclusions Same Day Delivery is not available for items that ship directly from the vendor or furniture items delivered by truck.  



Select a store you would like to make your favorite store.






Product name goes here.





  







Zip * 











OR
							




Address
									









City *











												State
														 * 






	Select State
	

	Alabama
	

	Alaska
	

	Arizona
	

	Arkansas
	

	California
	

	Colorado
	

	Connecticut
	

	Delaware
	

	District of Columbia
	

	Florida
	

	Georgia
	

	Hawaii
	

	Idaho
	

	Illinois
	

	Indiana
	

	Iowa
	

	Kansas
	

	Kentucky
	

	Louisiana
	

	Maine
	

	Maryland
	

	Massachusetts
	

	Michigan
	

	Minnesota
	

	Mississippi
	

	Missouri
	

	Montana
	

	Nebraska
	

	Nevada
	

	New Hampshire
	

	New Jersey
	

	New Mexico
	

	New York
	

	North Carolina
	

	North Dakota
	

	Ohio
	

	Oklahoma
	

	Oregon
	

	Pennsylvania
	

	Puerto Rico
	

	Rhode Island
	

	South Carolina
	

	South Dakota
	

	Tennessee
	

	Texas
	

	Utah
	

	Vermont
	

	Virginia
	

	Washington
	

	West Virginia
	

	Wisconsin
	

	Wyoming
	











Radius




5 miles 
10 miles 
15 miles 
20 miles 
25 miles
50 miles 

    
 







 









						Start
				

					Please enter the address, city, state where you will be starting.
				

  


Street



 


City *  



 


State *  




	Select State
	

	Alabama
	

	Alaska
	

	Arizona
	

	Arkansas
	

	California
	

	Colorado
	

	Connecticut
	

	Delaware
	

	District of Columbia
	

	Florida
	

	Georgia
	

	Hawaii
	

	Idaho
	

	Illinois
	

	Indiana
	

	Iowa
	

	Kansas
	

	Kentucky
	

	Louisiana
	

	Maine
	

	Maryland
	

	Massachusetts
	

	Michigan
	

	Minnesota
	

	Mississippi
	

	Missouri
	

	Montana
	

	Nebraska
	

	Nevada
	

	New Hampshire
	

	New Jersey
	

	New Mexico
	

	New York
	

	North Carolina
	

	North Dakota
	

	Ohio
	

	Oklahoma
	

	Oregon
	

	Pennsylvania
	

	Puerto Rico
	

	Rhode Island
	

	South Carolina
	

	South Dakota
	

	Tennessee
	

	Texas
	

	Utah
	

	Vermont
	

	Virginia
	

	Washington
	

	West Virginia
	

	Wisconsin
	

	Wyoming
	
  


Zip *  











Show directions without map   





Show directions with map   
   

 




Destination

Change








	Make Favorite Store
	
	









Map & Directions







                                        Select A Route Option
                                    


Driving

Value not found for key

Walking




From







To










Avoid Seasonal Roads







Avoid Highways







Avoid Toll Road



























 Delivery Charge The cost of item delivery.  Delivery expectations for each item will be listed in your cart. Assembly Charge The cost of item assembly. Assembly may not be available for all items. 

Same Day DeliveryCongrat Modal



Sign Up for Info & Offers




 Email Sign Up For Special Offers














My Offers

Privacy Policy - Your Privacy Rights





Contact Us Phone:1-800-GO-BEYOND(800-462-3966)EmailFAQsOpens a new window  


Customer Service
Welspun Returns
Easy Returns
RebatesOpens a new window
Shipping Info
Same Day Delivery
Home and Furniture Installation Services
International Shipping
Product Recall Information
Order Online - Pick up in store
Find a Registry
Create a Registry
Pay Your Credit CardOpens a new window
Credit Card - Apply Now
Gift Packaging
Price Match Guarantee
Accessibility
Events




Shopping Tools
Guides
VideosOpens a new window
Glossary
Shop Personalized Invitations
Shop Gift Cards
Gift Card BalanceOpens a new window
Shop all Clearance
Shop by Brand




Company Info
Business Direct
Corporate Responsibility
Media Relations
Investor RelationsOpens a new window
Careers
Terms of Use
Find A Store
To The Trade
 


Connect With Us
  Follow us on Facebook. Opens a new window 
 Follow us on Twitter. Opens a new window 
 Follow us on Pinterest. Opens a new window 
 Follow us on Youtube. Opens a new window 
 Follow us on Instagram. Opens a new window 
Our Other Sites  Above & BeyondBlogAbove & Beyond Blog. Opens a new window   Your MoveTips & AdviceYour Move Tips and Advice. Opens a new window   Bed Bath &Beyond TVBed Bath & Beyond TV. Opens a new window 
 






 Our Brands     







     Products by: title,                                              brand,                                              price,                                              popularity,                                              bestsellers,                                              most recent   Popular by: popularity,                                             our choices, 											 all-round favorites, most recent,						                Topsellers by: title,                                                brand,                                                price,                                                popularity,                                                favorites   Popular searches: title, 												   popularity, 												   seasonality,                                                   our choices,                                                   bestsellers 
Variation ID: 27876:857536,28251:869150,29292:895757,29308:896079    






                
 
 © 2017 Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and its subsidiaries
| Build : 2.09.14.002 | Build From : 20170718191425b03c433 | Build Created On : GIT Build Date is 5

















Compare Products Select up to 4 products to compare, and see which one fits your needs the most. 





















			Compare Products
		



Remove All  













































Are you ready to checkout?


 Item(s) in Cart
			



Close checkout bar

















 
