

Helocyte Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:40 PM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Helocyte Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Helocyte Inc. engages in the development and commercialization of immunotherapies for the prevention and treatment of cytomegalovirus or CMV (cancer and infectious disease). It focuses on developing PepVax, a HLA-restricted single antigen peptide vaccine for controlling CMV in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant recipients; and Triplex, a universal recombinant viral vector vaccine expressing three immuno-dominant proteins, such as UL83 (pp65), UL123 (IE1), and UL122 (IE2) linked to CMV in the post-transplant setting; and Pentamer, a universal recombinant viral vector vaccine designed to induce a neutralizing antibody response to prevent the transmission of CMV from mother to fetus....
Helocyte Inc. engages in the development and commercialization of immunotherapies for the prevention and treatment of cytomegalovirus or CMV (cancer and infectious disease). It focuses on developing PepVax, a HLA-restricted single antigen peptide vaccine for controlling CMV in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant recipients; and Triplex, a universal recombinant viral vector vaccine expressing three immuno-dominant proteins, such as UL83 (pp65), UL123 (IE1), and UL122 (IE2) linked to CMV in the post-transplant setting; and Pentamer, a universal recombinant viral vector vaccine designed to induce a neutralizing antibody response to prevent the transmission of CMV from mother to fetus. Helocyte Inc. was formerly known as DiaVax Biosciences, Inc. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in New York, New York. Helocyte Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Fortress Biotech, Inc.
Detailed Description


2 Gansevoort Street9th FloorNew York, NY 10014United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 212-554-4520

www.helocyte.com







Key Executives for Helocyte Inc.




Mr. Frank Taffy J.D.


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      








Dr. Lindsay Allan Rosenwald M.D.


      	Executive Chairman of The Board of Directors
      


Age: 62
        







 Don J. Diamond Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder and Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board
      








Mr. David Jay Horin CPA


      	Interim Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 49
        







Ms. Elizabeth Moore


      	Executive Vice President of Regulatory Affairs
      


Age: 67
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Helocyte Inc. Key Developments

Helocyte Inc. Presents at Aegis Capital Corp. 2016 Growth Conference, Sep-21-2016 01:30 PM
Sep 5 16
Helocyte Inc. Presents at Aegis Capital Corp. 2016 Growth Conference, Sep-21-2016 01:30 PM. Venue: The Encore at Wynn Las Vegas, 3131 Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89109, United States.


Helocyte Presents at 28th Annual ROTH Conference, Mar-15-2016 12:00 PM
Feb 24 16
Helocyte Presents at 28th Annual ROTH Conference, Mar-15-2016 12:00 PM. Venue: The Ritz Carlton, 1 Ritz Carlton Drive, Laguna Niguel, Dana Point, California, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Helocyte Inc., please visit www.helocyte.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Helocyte, Inc.





















careers

site map









About Us

Overview
Senior Management Team
Board of Directors


Product Portfolio

Marketed Products
Product Pipeline
Publications
Business Development

Contact




Fortress Companies

Avenue Therapeutics
Caelum Biosciences
Cellvation
Checkpoint Therapeutics
Cyprium Therapeutics
Escala Therapeutics
Helocyte, Inc
Journey Medical
Mustang Bio, Inc.


Investors

Corporate Information

Corporate Profile
Senior Management
Board of Directors


Corporate Presentations
Press Releases
Events & Webcasts
Stock Information
Governance

Governance Documents
Committee Charting


SEC Filings

Documents
Section 16 Filings
Annual Meeting Materials


Other Information

Information Request
Email Notification




Contact Us








Fortress Companies





Avenue Therapeutics
Caelum Biosciences
Cellvation
Checkpoint Therapeutics
Cyprium Therapeutics
Escala Therapeutics
Helocyte, Inc
Journey Medical
Mustang Bio




Home » Fortress companies » HELOCYTE, INC

Helocyte, Inc.
Helocyte, Inc. was formed to develop novel immunotherapies for the prevention and treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV), a common virus that is typically asymptomatic in healthy individuals, but can cause life-threatening disease in those with weakened or uneducated immune systems. The licensed immunotherapies were developed in the laboratory of Don J. Diamond, Ph.D., Chair of the Department of Experimental Therapeutics at City of Hope National Medical Center in Duarte, California. Under the terms of the agreement with City of Hope, Helocyte secured exclusive worldwide rights to two T-cell immunotherapeutic vaccines for controlling CMV in stem cell and solid organ transplant recipients. PepVax is an HLA-restricted vaccine for which we are currently enrolling a multi-center Phase II clinical study of CMV control in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) recipients. Triplex is a universal vaccine for which we are currently enrolling a Phase II clinical study of CMV control in allogeneic HSCT recipients. Both programs are supported by grants from the National Cancer Institute.  Helocyte further secured exclusive worldwide rights to Pentamer, a universal vaccine that induces a broad neutralizing antibody response to prevent transmission of CMV in utero (the most common congenital infection). Pentamer is currently undergoing pre-clinical development. Fortress Biotech owns >50% of Helocyte, Inc.
For more information, please visit www.helocyte.com.












© Copyright 2017 Fortress Biotech. All rights reserved. privacy policy  disclaimer         Download our app today!








	HELOCYTE Trademark of Helocyte, Inc.. Serial Number: 86680734 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
HELOCYTE










 
Get FREE email alerts













HELOCYTE  Trademark Information
 Helocyte, Inc.
Development of pharmaceutical preparations and medicines; pharmaceutical research and development; biotechnology research and development; biopharmaceutical research and development; provision of scientific research information in the field of pharmaceuticals and clinical trials




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
development   pharmaceutical   preparations   medicines   pharmaceutical   research   development   biotechnology   research   development   biopharmaceutical   research   development   provision   scientific   research   information   field   pharmaceuticals   clinical   trials    
                                    




This is a brand page for the HELOCYTE trademark by Helocyte, Inc. 
                                in New York, NY, 10019.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this HELOCYTE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Helocyte, Inc. of the HELOCYTE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the HELOCYTE trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, July 1, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        HELOCYTE by 
                        Helocyte, Inc., New York, NY  10019.
                        The USPTO has given the HELOCYTE 
                        trademark serial  number of  86680734.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for HELOCYTE is 
                        
                        
                                            DEVON E. WHITE of 
                                            Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton Llp,  4101 Lake Boone Trl Ste 300, Raleigh, NC 27607-7525 
                                .
                            The HELOCYTE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for HELOCYTE 
                            is Development of pharmaceutical preparations and medicines; pharmaceutical research and development; biotechnology research and development; biopharmaceutical research and development; provision of scientific research information in the field of pharmaceuticals and clinical trials. 
                            





Word mark:
 HELOCYTE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

8/9/2016



  Serial Number:  
86680734


  Filing Date:  
7/1/2015


 Registration Number:  
5019023 


 Registration Date:  
8/9/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Development of pharmaceutical preparations and medicines; pharmaceutical research and development; biotechnology research and development; biopharmaceutical research and development; provision of scientific research information in the field of pharmaceuticals and clinical trials


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/24/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Helocyte, Inc.New York, NY  10019
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


DEVON E. WHITE
Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton Llp
4101 Lake Boone Trl Ste 300
Raleigh, NC 27607-7525






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
4/1/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your HELOCYTE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/9/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DEVON E. WHITE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of HELOCYTE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search helocyte on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for HELOCYTE 




HELOCYTE is providing Development of pharmaceutical preparations and medicines; pharmaceutical research and development; biotechnology research and development; biopharmaceutical research and development; provision of scientific research information in the field of pharmaceuticals and clinical trials.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Helocyte – A Fortress Biotech Company





























 





Helocyte, Inc. (“Helocyte”), a portfolio company of Fortress Biotech, Inc., is focused on the development and commercialization of novel immunotherapies for the prevention and treatment of cancer and infectious disease (in particular, cytomegalovirus or “CMV”)







Press Releases


October 28, 2016
DATA FROM PHASE 1 TRIAL OF TRIPLEX VACCINE FOR CONTROL OF CYTOMEGALOVIRUS PUBLISHED IN BLOOD


April 21, 2016
HELOCYTE ANNOUNCES CORPORATE AND CLINICAL MILESTONES


April 02, 2015
FORTRESS BIOTECH (f/k/a Coronado Biosciences) FORMS NEW SUBSIDIARY, HELOCYTE, INC. (f/k/a DiaVax Biosciences) TO DEVELOP NOVEL IMMUNOTHERAPIES FOR CYTOMEGALOVIRUS


Pipeline













	Helocyte Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            Helocyte Inc.
                        









print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

New York, N.Y.


 Region

New York State


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Infectious, Cancer


 Year Founded

2015


 Website

http://www.helocyte.com



 Lead Product Status

Phase II






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


Helocyte Inc New York, NY 10014 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomePharmaceutical Products-Wholesale & Manufacturers near New York, NYHelocyte IncIn mybook® : Other Collection (edit)Added to your other collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your other collection.Helocyte IncWrite a ReviewAdd a PhotoBe the first to review!2 Gansevoort St, New York, NY 10014(781) 652-4500Add HoursAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Visit WebsiteSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessSponsored LinksHoursDo you know the hours for this business?NeighborhoodsWest Village, Downtown ManhattanAKAMustang Bio IncOther Linkshttp://helocyte.comhttp://mustangbio.comCategoryPharmaceutical Products-Wholesale & Manufacturers COUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Sponsored LinksMap & DirectionsPeople Also ViewedCreativeagent259 W 10th St, New York, NYBristol-Myers Squibb Co345 Park Ave, New York, NYPurdue Pharma LP76 9th Ave, New York, NYAlife Pharmaceutical Inc35 W 35th St, New York, NYQuest Diagnostics119 Greenwich Ave, New York, NYPaid Advertisement 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback




Helocyte Announces Corporate and Clinical Milestones Nasdaq:FBIO









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Helocyte Announces Corporate and Clinical Milestones




















April 21, 2016 07:00 ET

 | Source: Helocyte, Inc.






  Frank Taffy Appointed President and Chief Executive OfficerLead Immunotherapies PepVax and Triplex Advanced into Phase 2 Triplex Phase 1 Data Presented at ASHPepVax Phase 1b Data Published in The Lancet    NEW YORK, April  21, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Helocyte, Inc. a majority-owned subsidiary of Fortress Biotech, Inc. (NASDAQ:FBIO) focused on the acquisition, development and commercialization of novel immunotherapies for the prevention and treatment of cancer and infectious disease (and in particular, cytomegalovirus or “CMV”), today announced several corporate and clinical milestones.   In June 2015, Helocyte’s Board of Directors appointed Frank Taffy as President and Chief Executive Officer (and in December 2015, as an additional member of the Board). Mr. Taffy has more than fifteen years of experience in life sciences corporate development and business operations. He identified the Helocyte programs and co-founded the company during his role as Entrepreneur in Residence at Fortress Biotech. Mr. Taffy previously held the positions of Head (Senior Director) of Business Affairs at Forest Laboratories (now Allergan) and Director of Corporate Development at Life Technologies (now Thermo Fisher Scientific), where he also held Board positions on behalf of the company. Mr. Taffy began his career as Counsel for Intellectual Property at Procter & Gamble. He holds a J.D. from Syracuse University College of Law and a B.A. in biochemistry from the University of North Texas. In June 2015, a Phase 2 study of Helocyte’s PepVax opened for enrollment. The randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial will evaluate the potential of PepVax to reduce the frequency of CMV events in 96 recipients of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant. The study is supported by funding from the National Cancer Institute. For additional information on the Phase 2 study of PepVax, please visit: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02396134.  In November 2015, a Phase 2 study of Helocyte’s universal Triplex opened for enrollment. The randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial will evaluate the potential of Triplex to reduce the frequency of CMV events in 115 recipients of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant. The study is also supported by funding from the National Cancer Institute. For additional information on the Phase 2 study of Triplex, please visit: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02506933. In November 2015, the results of a Phase 1 study of Triplex were selected for presentation at the 57th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Hematology (ASH). Triplex is the first CMV immunotherapy that uses a recombinant Modified Vaccinia Ankara (MVA) vector incorporating multiple CMV response antigens. The Phase 1 study demonstrated the safety and marked immunogenicity of Triplex. The complete text of the ASH abstract can be accessed at: https://ash.confex.com/ash/2015/webprogram/Paper81450.html. In December 2015, the results of a Phase 1b study of PepVax were published in The Lancet Haematology. PepVax was observed to be well-tolerated, immunogenic and highly effective in controlling CMV in patients. To our knowledge, PepVax is the first immunotherapy to demonstrate proof of concept for CMV control in the post-transplant setting. PepVax further demonstrated the unexpected clinical outcomes of reduced relapse and increased survival (from underlying cancer). The full text of the Lancet publication can be accessed at: http://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanhae/article/PIIS2352-3026(15)00246-X/abstract. About HelocyteHelocyte is a clinical-stage company developing novel immunotherapies for the prevention and treatment of cancer and infectious disease (and in particular, cytomegalovirus or “CMV”). The Centers for Disease Control estimate that 50 to 80 percent of Americans are infected with CMV by the age of 40. While the virus is asymptomatic in healthy individuals, it can cause severe and life-threatening disease in those with weakened or uneducated immune systems. Patients undergoing allogeneic stem cell and solid organ transplantation are at particularly high risk of experiencing complications associated with CMV. Helocyte’s PepVax and Triplex vaccines are engineered to induce a robust and durable virus-specific T cell response to control CMV in transplant recipients. Helocyte’s Pentamer vaccine is designed to induce a neutralizing antibody response to prevent the transmission of CMV from mother to fetus, the most common congenital infection. There is no approved therapy for the prevention or treatment of congenital CMV. While current antiviral therapies have reduced the rate of CMV disease-related mortality in transplant recipients, such treatments have been linked to increased toxicity, delayed immune reconstitution and late onset of CMV. The Helocyte vaccines can educate the body’s innate immune system to fight CMV. For more information, please visit www.helocyte.com.   About Fortress BiotechFortress Biotech, Inc. (“Fortress” or “the Company”) is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to acquiring, developing and commercializing novel pharmaceutical and biotechnology products.  Fortress plans to develop and commercialize products both within Fortress and through subsidiary companies, also known as Fortress Companies.  In addition to its internal development programs, the Company will leverage its biopharmaceutical business expertise and drug development capabilities to help the Fortress Companies achieve their goals.  Additionally, the Company will provide funding and management services to each of the Fortress Companies and, from time to time, the Company and the Fortress Companies will seek licensing, partnerships, joint ventures and/or public and private financings to accelerate and provide additional funding to support their research and development programs. For more information, visit www.fortressbiotech.com.   Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our growth strategy and product development programs and any other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could negatively affect our business, operating results, financial condition and stock price. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated are: risks related to our growth strategy; our ability to obtain, perform under and maintain financing and strategic agreements and relationships; risks relating to the results of research and development activities; uncertainties relating to preclinical and clinical testing (including the risk that clinical data will not be reproduced in larger studies); our dependence on third party suppliers; our ability to attract, integrate, and retain key personnel; the early stage of products under development; our need for substantial additional funds; government regulation; patent and intellectual property matters; competition; as well as other risks described in our SEC filings. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except as required by law.    Contact: 
Frank Taffy, Co-Founder, President, CEO and Board Member
Helocyte, Inc., 2 Gansevoort Street, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10014
Phone, 212-554-4520 ● Email, frank@helocyte.com 


Related Articles
other press releases by Helocyte, Inc.


Data from Phase 1 Trial of Triplex Vaccine for Control of Cytomegalovirus Published in Blood
October 28, 2016 08:00








Profile

Helocyte, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  New York, New York, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Contact: 
Frank Taffy, Co-Founder, President, CEO and Board Member
Helocyte, Inc., 2 Gansevoort Street, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10014
Phone, 212-554-4520 ● Email, frank@helocyte.com 

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Helocyte, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.










Business Development – Helocyte





























 








 We are committed to strategic growth through targeted product acquisition. The company actively pursues acquisition, in-licensing,  co-development and other partnering opportunities that are aligned with its internal areas of expertise and that enhance its pipeline.
Learn More
















Business Development – Helocyte





























 








 We are committed to strategic growth through targeted product acquisition. The company actively pursues acquisition, in-licensing,  co-development and other partnering opportunities that are aligned with its internal areas of expertise and that enhance its pipeline.
Learn More
















Contact Us – Helocyte





























 








 For more information or business development inquiries, please contact us via email at:
info@helocyte.com
Helocyte, Inc.
2 Gansevoort Street
9th Floor
New York, NY 10014
For job inquiries, please send your resume to:
careers@helocyte.com
















About Us – Helocyte





























 








 Helocyte Inc. (“Helocyte”), a portfolio company of Fortress Biotech, is focused on the development and commercialization of novel immunotherapies for the prevention and treatment of cytomegalovirus (“CMV”). We aim to: (1) secure rights to new technologies via acquisition, licensing, co-development and/or other partnering; (2) fund research and development of new technologies; and (3) ultimately introduce new technologies to market. We are currently progressing three immunotherapies developed in the laboratory of Donald J. Diamond Ph.D., Chair of the Department of Experimental Therapeutics at City of Hope of Duarte, California (“City of Hope”). In March of 2015, Helocyte consummated an exclusive worldwide license and option agreement with City of Hope, acquiring rights to the current Helocyte programs. PepVax, is an HLA-restricted single antigen [UL83 (pp65)] peptide vaccine for controlling CMV in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (“HSCT”) recipients. In July of 2015, we opened a Phase 2 study of PepVax in allogeneic HSCT recipients. Our second program, Triplex, is a universal (non-HLA-restricted) recombinant viral vector vaccine expressing three immuno-dominant proteins [UL83 (pp65), UL123 (IE1), UL122 (IE2)] linked to CMV in the post-transplant setting. In November of 2015, we opened a Phase 2 study of Triplex in allogeneic HSCT recipients. We additionally plan to study Triplex in recipients of allogeneic Solid Organ Transplantation. Our third program, Pentamer, is a universal (non-HLA-restricted) recombinant viral vector vaccine expressing five primary subunits of CMV (gH/gL/UL128/UL130/UL131A) linked to viral transmission in utero. The Pentamer program is currently undergoing nonclinical development and will ultimately be studied for prevention of congenital CMV.Helocyte is headquartered in New York City.
















Management Team – Helocyte





























 








 Lindsay A. Rosenwald, M.D., Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
Dr. Rosenwald has served as our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors since inception. Dr. Rosenwald has been a member of the Board of Directors of Fortress since October 2009 and has served as its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer since December 2013.  Dr. Rosenwald also is Co-Portfolio Manager and Partner of Opus Point Partners LLC, an asset management firm in the life sciences industry, which he co-founded in 2009. Prior to that, from 1991 to 2008, he served as the Chairman of Paramount BioCapital, Inc. Over the last 23 years, Dr. Rosenwald has acted as a biotechnology entrepreneur and has been involved in the founding and recapitalization of numerous public and private biotechnology and life sciences companies. Dr. Rosenwald received his B.S. in finance from Pennsylvania State University and his M.D. from Temple University School of Medicine.
 
Frank Taffy, J.D., Co-Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Mr. Taffy has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since June of 2015 (and since December of 2015, as a Director of the Board of Helocyte). Mr. Taffy has over fifteen years of experience in life sciences corporate development and business operations. He identified the Helocyte programs and co-founded the company during his role as Entrepreneur in Residence at Fortress Biotech. Mr. Taffy previously held the positions of Head (Senior Director) of Business Affairs at Forest Labs (now Allergan Plc) and Director of Corporate Development at Life Technologies (now Thermo Fisher Scientific), where he also held Board positions on behalf of the company. He also previously served as Vice President and General Counsel of Paramount Biosciences LLC, a global healthcare investment firm, where he led the formation and interim operation of a number of portfolio companies. Mr. Taffy started his career as Counsel for Intellectual Property at The Procter and Gamble Company. He holds a B.A. in biochemistry from the University of North Texas and a J.D. from Syracuse University College of Law.
 
David J. Horin, Interim Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Horin has been a Managing Partner of Chord Advisors, LLC (“Chord”) since June 2012. Chord provides accounting advisory services, SEC reporting advisory services, and IPO-readiness services. Pursuant to an agreement with Chord dated June 10, 2015, Mr. Horin is serving as our Interim CFO. While at Chord, Mr. Horin has gained extensive experience in financial accounting and SEC reporting for complex business transactions and issues arising from the application of existing or proposed financial accounting guidance. From March 2008 to June 2012, Mr. Horin was the Chief Financial Officer of Rodman & Renshaw Capital Group, Inc., a full-service investment bank dedicated to providing corporate finance, strategic advisory, sales and trading and related services to public and private companies across multiple sectors and regions. From March 2003 through March 2008, Mr. Horin was the Chief Accounting Officer at Jefferies Group, Inc., a full-service global investment bank and institutional securities firm focused on growth and middle-market companies and their investors. Prior to his employment at Jefferies Group, Inc., from 2000 to 2003, Mr. Horin was a Senior Manager in KPMG’s Department of Professional Practice in New York, where he advised firm members and clients on technical accounting and risk management matters for a variety of public, international and early growth stage entities. Mr. Horin has a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Baruch College, City University of New York. Mr. Horin is also a Certified Public Accountant.
 
Elizabeth Clark Moore, M.S., Executive Vice President of Regulatory Affairs
Ms. Moore has served as our Executive Vice President of Regulatory Affairs since May 2015. She has over thirty years of experience in strategic regulatory registration and product development; management of FDA and global health authority interactions; and completion of regulatory and other due diligence for acquisition targets. Ms. Moore started her career at the National Institutes of Health (“NIH”), having served eight years with posts at both the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and the National Cancer Institute. Her industry experience spans traditional pharmaceutical companies as well as biotech start-ups. Following her tenure at the NIH, Ms. Moore joined Agouron Pharmaceuticals as Director, Regulatory Affairs for Oncology Development. Subsequent to the Pfizer-Warner Lambert acquisition of Agouron, Ms. Moore was appointed Regulatory Affairs Site Head (Senior Director) of Pfizer Global R&D in La Jolla, CA. For the past fifteen years, Ms. Moore has directed global regulatory affairs strategy and operations for both public and private companies, holding senior-level positions at Coronado Biosciences (now Fortress), Paramount BioSciences, Tracon Pharmaceuticals, Salmedix (acquired by Cephalon), and most recently, Fate Therapeutics. Ms. Moore received her B.S. in Pharmacy from the University of Georgia and M.S. in Administrative Science from the Johns Hopkins University.
 

















Helocyte – A Fortress Biotech Company





























 





Helocyte, Inc. (“Helocyte”), a portfolio company of Fortress Biotech, Inc., is focused on the development and commercialization of novel immunotherapies for the prevention and treatment of cancer and infectious disease (in particular, cytomegalovirus or “CMV”)







Press Releases


October 28, 2016
DATA FROM PHASE 1 TRIAL OF TRIPLEX VACCINE FOR CONTROL OF CYTOMEGALOVIRUS PUBLISHED IN BLOOD


April 21, 2016
HELOCYTE ANNOUNCES CORPORATE AND CLINICAL MILESTONES


April 02, 2015
FORTRESS BIOTECH (f/k/a Coronado Biosciences) FORMS NEW SUBSIDIARY, HELOCYTE, INC. (f/k/a DiaVax Biosciences) TO DEVELOP NOVEL IMMUNOTHERAPIES FOR CYTOMEGALOVIRUS


Pipeline











