


Landec Corporation Announces Appointment of Molly Hemmeter as Chief Operating Officer (NASDAQ:LNDC)



































 






Jan 3, 2014



 Previous Release | Next Release 






PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Landec Corporation Announces Appointment of Molly Hemmeter as Chief Operating Officer

MENLO PARK, Calif., Jan. 3, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Landec Corporation (Nasdaq:LNDC) a developer and marketer of technology-based materials science products for food and medical applications today announced the appointment of Molly A. Hemmeter as Landec's Chief Operating Officer. Ms. Hemmeter joined Landec in June 2009 as VP of Business Development and subsequently became Landec's Chief Commercial Officer. Ms. Hemmeter will report directly to Gary Steele, Landec's CEO and Chairman of the Board.

	"Molly has made substantial contributions over the past four and a half years in driving growth at Landec. Molly served as the operational lead for the acquisitions of Lifecore and Greenline and for our investment in Windset Farms. Most recently, Molly has focused on expanding the marketing and new product innovation capabilities at our Apio food subsidiary. Under her leadership, we are launching a new category of fresh-cut specialty packaged vegetable salads and other value added, specialty packaged produce products. The first of these newly developed salads with nutrient-dense superfoods, Sweet Kale Salad, is the number one selling new salad kit product introduced in the last 12 months. As COO, and as we approach the $500 million a year revenue threshold, Molly's 25 years of demonstrated achievements in strategy, operations, product development and marketing as well as experience in 
business partnering will be instrumental in continuing to advance Landec's growth and profitability," said Steele.

	Prior to Landec, Ms. Hemmeter was VP of Global Marketing and New Business Development of Ashland, Inc.'s Performance Material Division where she created processes for identifying global new business development opportunities with significant revenue potential and led the programs from inception through commercialization. Prior to Ashland, she held a variety of managerial positions at Bausch & Lomb and Eli Lilly in areas of P&L management, brand management, new channel development and operations. Ms. Hemmeter obtained her Bachelor and Masters degrees in Chemical Engineering at University of Louisville and her Masters of Business Administration degree from Harvard Graduate School of Business.

	"I look forward to continuing my work with the Landec management team, and as COO working more closely with the operating teams in our core businesses. I plan to initially focus on our current strategy for developing and commercializing new products for healthy living applications in the food and biomaterials markets in order to advance Landec to the next stage of growth and development," commented Ms. Hemmeter.About Landec Corporation 

	Landec Corporation is a materials science company that leverages its proprietary polymer technologies, application development and innovation capabilities to develop and commercialize new products in food and biomaterials markets. Landec's subsidiary, Apio, has become the leader in US fresh-cut specialty packaged vegetables sold in North America based on combining Landec's proprietary food packaging technology and the strength of two major national brands, Eat Smart® and GreenLine®, with the capabilities of large scale processing and national distribution. Lifecore Biomedical, a subsidiary of Landec, is a premium supplier of hyaluronan-based materials and medical products to ophthalmic, orthopedic and veterinary markets worldwide. In addition, Lifecore Biomedical provides specialized aseptic fill and finish services in a cGMP validated manufacturing facility for 
supplying commercial, clinical and pre-clinical products. For more information about the company, visit Landec's website at www.landec.com.CONTACT: At the Company:

         Gregory S. Skinner

         Vice President Finance and CFO

         (650) 261-3677

         

         Investor Relations:

         Matt Glover or Michael Koehler

         949-574-3860

         LNDC@liolios.com










 


Landec Names Molly Hemmeter as CEO to Succeed Gary Steele Retiring Effective With the October 2015 Shareholder Meeting (NASDAQ:LNDC)



































 






Jul 28, 2015



 Previous Release | Next Release 






PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Landec Names Molly Hemmeter as CEO to Succeed Gary Steele Retiring Effective With the October 2015 Shareholder Meeting
Landec Also Announces the Appointment of Ron Midyett as Landec's COO and Steve Goldby as Chairman

MENLO PARK, Calif., July 28, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Landec Corporation (NASDAQ:LNDC) announced the naming of Molly A. Hemmeter as Chief Executive Officer to succeed Gary T. Steele who is retiring effective with the Shareholder Meeting on October 15, 2015. Mr. Steele has agreed to remain as a member of the Board of Directors.


 Since joining Landec in June 2009 as VP of Business Development and subsequently becoming Landec's Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Ms. Hemmeter has led key strategic initiatives driving Landec's growth and profitability.


 Starting in early 2013, Ms. Hemmeter has focused on expanding the marketing and new product innovation capabilities of Apio, Landec's food subsidiary. Under Ms. Hemmeter's leadership, Apio launched a new product line of salad kits that feature unique blends of superfoods, sauces and dressings. These new salad kit products are developed and designed to be 'on trend' with North American consumers who are increasingly equating healthy eating with healthy living. Unit volume growth for these new products is more than double the growth for the industry category and sales of these products grew 88% during fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 with average weekly sales currently exceeding 
$2.9 million per week. Ms. Hemmeter was also instrumental in the acquisition of Lifecore, GreenLine and our investments in Windset Farms.

Gary Steele, Landec Chairman and CEO, stated, "Molly's strategic and operational leadership has greatly strengthened our Apio food business and reinvigorated the value-added products side of Apio's business with higher margin products. As Landec crosses the five hundred million dollar a year revenue threshold, Molly's demonstrated achievements in strategy, technology, product development, marketing and business partnering, including her six years of in-depth experience with Landec, will drive Landec's continued growth and 
profitability."


 Prior to Landec, Ms. Hemmeter was VP of Global Marketing and New Business Development of Ashland, Inc.'s Performance Material Division where she created processes for identifying global new business development opportunities with significant revenue potential and led the programs from inception through commercialization. Prior to Ashland, she held a variety of managerial positions at Bausch and Lomb and Eli Lilly in areas of P&L Management, brand management, new channel development and operations. Ms. Hemmeter obtained her Bachelor and Masters in Chemical Engineering at University of Louisville and her Masters of Business Administration degree from Harvard Graduate School of Business.

Mr. Steele has served as Landec's President and CEO since September 1991 and was named Chairman of the Board in January 1996. He spearheaded taking the Company public in 1996. Under his 23 years of leadership, Landec revenues have increased from $2.3 million in fiscal 1996 to over $500 million in fiscal 2015. The Company has been consistently profitable since 2003 and was recently named one of the Fortune 100 fastest growing U.S. companies.

Steve Goldby, Landec's lead independent director and newly appointed Chairman of the Board effective with the October 2015 Shareholder Meeting, said, "On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, I want to thank Gary for his excellent leadership and management while stewarding Landec's growth over these many years, and driving significant gains in shareholder value. The Board is confident that Landec is well-positioned for its next phase of growth as outlined in the latest 5-year strategic plan. Landec has great momentum, a seasoned management team and significant future growth prospects. The Board is very pleased that 
Gary has agreed to stay on as a Board member after his retirement."


 "I am fortunate to work with a talented and focused team at Landec, Apio and Lifecore," commented Ms. Hemmeter. "In addition, Landec has assembled a strong Board of Directors with broad and deep business experience plus industry specific experience directly applicable to Landec's two core businesses. Landec's direction and focus are clear and the opportunities for continued growth substantial. Now that Landec has exceeded $500 million in revenues, I look forward to working with the Board and the team to propel the Company from 
$500 million in annual sales to the $1 billion level, profitably over the upcoming years."

Mr. Midyett, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Apio will be appointed Chief Operating Officer of Landec Corporation as of October 15, 2015, with his primary responsibilities focused on operations of Apio, along with the Corporate R&D and licensing business. Mr. Midyett joined Landec in 2005 as the Chief Operating Officer of Apio and was promoted to President and CEO of Apio in 2008.


 Prior to joining Apio, Mr. Midyett was Senior Vice President of Operations for Dole Fresh Vegetables. Mr. Midyett has over 21 years of technology and operations experience in the produce industry. Mr. Midyett recently served as Chairman of the board of directors of the United Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Association, the industry's leading association, and is Landec's representative on the board of directors of Windset Farms. Mr. Midyett holds a BS in Food Biochemistry from University of California Davis.

Mr. Goldby has been appointed as Landec Corporation's Chairman of the Board effective with the Shareholder Meeting on October 15, 2015 and coinciding with the retirement of Gary Steele. Mr. Goldby has served as a director since December 2008 and is currently the Board's Outside Lead Independent Director and a sitting member of the Audit Committee.

Mr. Goldby has been a Partner at Venrock, a venture capital firm, since 2007. Mr. Goldby was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Symyx Technologies, Inc. ("Symyx") from 1998 to 2007; he became the Executive Chairman in 2008, and Chairman in 2009. Before joining Symyx, Mr. Goldby served as Chief Executive Officer for more than ten years at MDL Information Systems, Inc., the enterprise software company that pioneered scientific information management. Earlier, Mr. Goldby held various management positions at ALZA Corporation, including President of Alza Pharmaceuticals. Mr. 
Goldby received a B.S. degree in chemistry from the University of North Carolina and a law degree from Georgetown University Law Center.

About Landec Corporation

Landec Corporation is a company that leverages its proprietary polymer technologies, application development and innovation capabilities to develop and commercialize new products in food and biomaterials markets. Landec's subsidiary, Apio, has become the leader in US fresh-cut specialty packaged vegetables sold in North America based on combining Landec's proprietary food packaging technology and the strength of two major national brands, Eat Smart® and GreenLine®, with the capabilities of large scale processing and national distribution. Lifecore Biomedical, a subsidiary of Landec, is a premium supplier of hyaluronan-based materials and medical products to ophthalmic, orthopedic and veterinary markets worldwide. In addition, Lifecore Biomedical provides specialized aseptic fill and finish services in a cGMP (current good manufacturing practices) validated manufacturing facility for supplying commercial, clinical and pre-clinical products. Landec will also periodically work with market-leading companies to develop and commercialize differentiated polymer-based products under R&D and royalty agreements. For more information about the company, visit Landec's website at 
www.landec.com.

Important Cautions Regarding Forward-Looking Statements


 Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this news release are forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including such factors among others, as the timing and expenses associated with operations, the ability to achieve acceptance of the Company's new products in the market place, weather conditions that can affect the supply and price of produce, the amount and timing of research and development funding and license fees from the Company's collaborative partners, the timing of regulatory approvals, the mix between domestic and international sales, and the risk factors listed in the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 25, 2014 (See item 1A: Risk Factors) which may be updated in Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors in the Company's Quarterly 
Reports on Form 10-Q. As a result of these and other factors, the Company expects to continue to experience significant fluctuations in quarterly operating results and there can be no assurance that the Company will remain consistently profitable. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new developments or otherwise.
CONTACT: At the Company:

         Gregory S. Skinner

         Vice President Finance and CFO

         (650) 261-3677



         Investor Relations:

         Matt Glover or Michael Koehler

         (949) 574-3860

         LNDC@liolios.com






Source: Landec Corporation

News Provided by Acquire Media








 








Molly A. Hemmeter - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Molly A. Hemmeter
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Landec Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Molly A. Hemmeter? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Molly A. Hemmeter's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Molly A. Hemmeter's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Molly A. Hemmeter's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Molly A. Hemmeter through your network of contacts.
												








Molly A. Hemmeter's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Landec Corporation


Past
To view Molly A. Hemmeter's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
49

 
 


Molly A. Hemmeter's Biography



Molly A. Hemmeter has been the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer since October 15, 2015. Prior to that she served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company from January 2014 to October 2015, prior to which she served as Chief Commercial Officer of the Company from December 2010 to January 2014 and Vice President, Business Development and Global Marketing of the Company from June 2009 to December 2010. From July 2006 until joining the Company in June 2009, Ms. Hemmeter was Vice President of Global Marketing and New Business Development for the Performance Materials division of Ashland, Inc., a global specialty chemicals compa ...
(Read More)

			Molly A. Hemmeter has been the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer since October 15, 2015. Prior to that she served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company from January 2014 to October 2015, prior to which she served as Chief Commercial Officer of the Company from December 2010 to January 2014 and Vice President, Business Development and Global Marketing of the Company from June 2009 to December 2010. From July 2006 until joining the Company in June 2009, Ms. Hemmeter was Vice President of Global Marketing and New Business Development for the Performance Materials division of Ashland, Inc., a global specialty chemicals company. Prior to joining Ashland, Inc., Ms. Hemmeter was Vice President of Strategy and Marketing for Siterra Corporation and Chief Marketing Officer for CriticalArc Technologies in the San Francisco Bay Area, both of which were privately held software startup companies that were eventually acquired by larger entities, and she previously held various positions at Bausch & Lomb and Eli Lilly and Company. Ms. Hemmeter received a B.E.S. and M. Eng. from the University of Louisville and an M.B.A. from Harvard University. Ms. Hemmeter's significant knowledge and understanding of the Company and its businesses, together with her extensive experience in operations, business development and marketing, has enabled Ms. Hemmeter to lead several of Landec's significant growth initiatives. Ms. Hemmeter was an integral part of the teams that completed the acquisition of Lifecore in 2010, the financing of Windset Holdings 2010 Ltd. in 2011 and the acquisition of GreenLine Holding Company in 2012. More recently, Ms. Hemmeter was instrumental in creating and developing Apio's line of salad kit products, the fastest growing products in Landec's long history.
		
Source: Landec Corporation on 08/26/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Molly A. Hemmeter's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Molly A. Hemmeter. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Molly A. Hemmeter's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Molly A. Hemmeter's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Molly A. Hemmeter through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Molly A. Hemmeter


















Molly A. Hemmeter's Connections (19)





Sign up now to view Molly A. Hemmeter's 19 connections »









Albert D. Bolles
Board Member, Landec Corporation









Frederick Frank
Board Member, Landec Corporation









Duke K. Bristow
Former Board Member, Landec Corporation









Dennis J. Allingham
Former Vice President; President and Chief Executive Officer, Lifecore Biomedical, LLC, Landec Corporation









Tonia L. Pankopf
Board Member, Landec Corporation









Ronald L. Midyett
Chief Operating Officer, Landec Corporation









Nicholas Tompkins
Former Board Member, Landec Corporation









Catherine A. Sohn
Board Member, Jazz Pharmaceuticals Public Limited Company









Steven D. Goldby
Chairman of the Board, Landec Corporation









Steven P. Bitler
Vice President, Corporate Technology, Landec Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Molly Hemmeter, Landec Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




























Feedback





Molly Hemmeter

President/CEO,
Landec Corp






Career History




President/CEO
Landec Corp, 10/2015-PRESENT


Co-Founder
Criticalarc Technologies Inc, PRESENT


Chief Operating Officer
Landec Corp, 1/2014-10/2015


Chief Commercial Officer
Landec Corp, 12/2010-1/2014


VP:Business Dev & Global Mktg
Landec Corp, 6/2009-12/2010


VP:Global Mktg & New Business
Ashland Inc, 7/2006-6/2009


VP:Strategy & Marketing
Siterra Corp, FORMER


Chf Mktg Officer/Co-Founder
Criticalarc Technologies Inc, FORMER



Bausch & Lomb Inc, FORMER



Eli Lilly & Co, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.landec.com






Corporate Information
Address:

3603 Haven Avenue
Menlo Park, CA 94025-1010
United States


Phone:
1-650-306-1650


Fax:
1-650-368-9818


Web url:
www.landec.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Louisville
Bachelor's Degree


University of Louisville
Master's Degree


Harvard Business School
MBA


Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




Landec Corp


Board Member, 10/2015-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Landec appoints Molly Hemmeter as COO – Quick facts | COO Forum









































 
Search





















Landec appoints Molly Hemmeter as COO – Quick facts

Posted on January 3, 2014  by  glowtouch 


Landec Corp. (LNDC: Quote), a developer and marketer of technology-based materials science products for food and medical applications, announced Friday that it has appointed Molly Hemmeter as its Chief Operating Officer.
Hemmeter joined Landec in June 2009 as VP of Business Development and subsequently became Landec’s Chief Commercial Officer. Hemmeter will report directly to Gary Steele, Landec’s CEO and Chairman of the Board.
Before joining to Landec, Hemmeter was VP of Global Marketing and New Business Development of Ashland, Inc.’s Performance Material Division. Prior to Ashland, she held a variety of managerial positions at Bausch & Lomb and Eli Lilly in areas of P&L management, brand management, new channel development and operations.








 



    Copyright © 2015 
    Chief Operating Officer Business Forum, Inc. 

        All rights reserved.








		     Landec Names Molly Hemmeter as CEO to Succeed Gary Steele Retiring Effective With the October 2015 Shareholder Meeting - Produce Blue Book	


















































 Member LoginJoin Today


Home
Services

Manage Risk
Resolve Disputes
Local Source
Get Listed
Advertise
Gain Knowledge


Why Join?

Ratings & Scores
Marketing Power
Search Tools
Trading Assistance
Real-Time Data
Education


News & Insights

General News
Produce Blueprints
Know Your Commodity


About Us

Español
Values & Standards
Our History
Our Leadership
Video Library


Contact Us
Find Companies
 











 General News  Produce Blueprints  

Grande Produce Issues Voluntary Recall of Limited Quantity of Papaya “Caribena” Due to Potential Health Risk Tanimura & Antle Brings on Organic Expert John McKeon Pinnacle Foods Reports Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results Echo Global Logistics Reports Record Second Quarter Revenue; Up 6% Year over Year Hub Group, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results Blue Apron Holdings, Inc. Announces Changes to Executive Leadership Team The Coca-Cola Company Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results Multistate Outbreak of Salmonella Kiambu Infections Linked to Imported Maradol Papayas USDA Restricts PACA Violators in California and Georgia from Operating in the Produce Industry SUPERVALU Reports First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Results Traveling At High Speed Markets, Procurement  & Pricing Strategies Summer in the City: Detroit Style An Agreement of “Full Protection” Is Rendered Void When The Buyer Fails To Keep Records To Substantiate Its Resales and Losses Feel the South Jersey Vibe Transit Temperature Instructions The Superfood Phenomenon Loving the Variety of  California Grapes Strawberry Woes: A Case Study Taste Of Chicago 









 
 
View Produce Blueprints Quarterly Journal
View the journal’s Supplement: Toronto Trends & Outlook
View the journal’s Supplement: Roll On Down The Highway
 







General News


Landec Names Molly Hemmeter as CEO to Succeed Gary Steele Retiring Effective With the October 2015 Shareholder Meeting

 July 31st, 2015 -  General News				
			



Print
Email





Share
0




Tweet
0




LinkedIn
0

 


 

Company Press Release
MENLO PARK, Calif., July 28, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Landec Corporation (NASDAQ:LNDC) announced the naming of Molly A. Hemmeter as Chief Executive Officer to succeed Gary T. Steele who is retiring effective with the Shareholder Meeting on October 15, 2015. Mr. Steele has agreed to remain as a member of the Board of Directors.
Since joining Landec in June 2009 as VP of Business Development and subsequently becoming Landec’s Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Ms. Hemmeter has led key strategic initiatives driving Landec’s growth and profitability.
Starting in early 2013, Ms. Hemmeter has focused on expanding the marketing and new product innovation capabilities of Apio, Landec’s food subsidiary. Under Ms. Hemmeter’s leadership, Apio launched a new product line of salad kits that feature unique blends of superfoods, sauces and dressings. These new salad kit products are developed and designed to be ‘on trend’ with North American consumers who are increasingly equating healthy eating with healthy living. Unit volume growth for these new products is more than double the growth for the industry category and sales of these products grew 88% during fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 with average weekly sales currently exceeding $2.9 million per week. Ms. Hemmeter was also instrumental in the acquisition of Lifecore, GreenLine and our investments in Windset Farms.
Gary Steele, Landec Chairman and CEO, stated, “Molly’s strategic and operational leadership has greatly strengthened our Apio food business and reinvigorated the value-added products side of Apio’s business with higher margin products. As Landec crosses the five hundred million dollar a year revenue threshold, Molly’s demonstrated achievements in strategy, technology, product development, marketing and business partnering, including her six years of in-depth experience with Landec, will drive Landec’s continued growth and profitability.”
Prior to Landec, Ms. Hemmeter was VP of Global Marketing and New Business Development of Ashland, Inc.’s Performance Material Division where she created processes for identifying global new business development opportunities with significant revenue potential and led the programs from inception through commercialization. Prior to Ashland, she held a variety of managerial positions at Bausch and Lomb and Eli Lilly in areas of P&L Management, brand management, new channel development and operations. Ms. Hemmeter obtained her Bachelor and Masters in Chemical Engineering at University of Louisville and her Masters of Business Administration degree from Harvard Graduate School of Business.
Mr. Steele has served as Landec’s President and CEO since September 1991 and was named Chairman of the Board in January 1996. He spearheaded taking the Company public in 1996. Under his 23 years of leadership, Landec revenues have increased from $2.3 million in fiscal 1996 to over $500 million in fiscal 2015. The Company has been consistently profitable since 2003 and was recently named one of the Fortune 100 fastest growing U.S. companies.
Steve Goldby, Landec’s lead independent director and newly appointed Chairman of the Board effective with the October 2015 Shareholder Meeting, said, “On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, I want to thank Gary for his excellent leadership and management while stewarding Landec’s growth over these many years, and driving significant gains in shareholder value. The Board is confident that Landec is well-positioned for its next phase of growth as outlined in the latest 5-year strategic plan. Landec has great momentum, a seasoned management team and significant future growth prospects. The Board is very pleased that Gary has agreed to stay on as a Board member after his retirement.”
“I am fortunate to work with a talented and focused team at Landec, Apio and Lifecore,” commented Ms. Hemmeter. “In addition, Landec has assembled a strong Board of Directors with broad and deep business experience plus industry specific experience directly applicable to Landec’s two core businesses. Landec’s direction and focus are clear and the opportunities for continued growth substantial. Now that Landec has exceeded $500 million in revenues, I look forward to working with the Board and the team to propel the Company from  $500 million in annual sales to the $1 billion level, profitably over the upcoming years.”
Mr. Midyett, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Apio will be appointed Chief Operating Officer of Landec Corporation as of October 15, 2015, with his primary responsibilities focused on operations of Apio, along with the Corporate R&D and licensing business. Mr. Midyett joined Landec in 2005 as the Chief Operating Officer of Apio and was promoted to President and CEO of Apio in 2008.
Prior to joining Apio, Mr. Midyett was Senior Vice President of Operations for Dole Fresh Vegetables. Mr. Midyett has over 21 years of technology and operations experience in the produce industry. Mr. Midyett recently served as Chairman of the board of directors of the United Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Association, the industry’s leading association, and is Landec’s representative on the board of directors of Windset Farms. Mr. Midyett holds a BS in Food Biochemistry from University of California Davis.
Mr. Goldby has been appointed as Landec Corporation’s Chairman of the Board effective with the Shareholder Meeting on October 15, 2015 and coinciding with the retirement of Gary Steele. Mr. Goldby has served as a director since December 2008 and is currently the Board’s Outside Lead Independent Director and a sitting member of the Audit Committee.
Mr. Goldby has been a Partner at Venrock, a venture capital firm, since 2007. Mr. Goldby was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Symyx Technologies, Inc. (“Symyx”) from 1998 to 2007; he became the Executive Chairman in 2008, and Chairman in 2009. Before joining Symyx, Mr. Goldby served as Chief Executive Officer for more than ten years at MDL Information Systems, Inc., the enterprise software company that pioneered scientific information management. Earlier, Mr. Goldby held various management positions at ALZA Corporation, including President of Alza Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Goldby received a B.S. degree in chemistry from the University of North Carolina and a law degree from Georgetown University Law Center.
About Landec Corporation
Landec Corporation is a company that leverages its proprietary polymer technologies, application development and innovation capabilities to develop and commercialize new products in food and biomaterials markets. Landec’s subsidiary, Apio, has become the leader in US fresh-cut specialty packaged vegetables sold in North America based on combining Landec’s proprietary food packaging technology and the strength of two major national brands, Eat Smart® and GreenLine®, with the capabilities of large scale processing and national distribution. Lifecore Biomedical, a subsidiary of Landec, is a premium supplier of hyaluronan-based materials and medical products to ophthalmic, orthopedic and veterinary markets worldwide. In addition, Lifecore Biomedical provides specialized aseptic fill and finish services in a cGMP (current good manufacturing practices) validated manufacturing facility for supplying commercial, clinical and pre-clinical products. Landec will also periodically work with market-leading companies to develop and commercialize differentiated polymer-based products under R&D and royalty agreements. For more information about the company, visit Landec’s website at  www.landec.com.
Important Cautions Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this news release are forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including such factors among others, as the timing and expenses associated with operations, the ability to achieve acceptance of the Company’s new products in the market place, weather conditions that can affect the supply and price of produce, the amount and timing of research and development funding and license fees from the Company’s collaborative partners, the timing of regulatory approvals, the mix between domestic and international sales, and the risk factors listed in the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 25, 2014 (See item 1A: Risk Factors) which may be updated in Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors in the Company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. As a result of these and other factors, the Company expects to continue to experience significant fluctuations in quarterly operating results and there can be no assurance that the Company will remain consistently profitable. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new developments or otherwise.
CONTACT: 
At the Company: Gregory S. Skinner, Vice President Finance and CFO, (650) 261-3677
Investor Relations: Matt Glover or Michael Koehler, (949) 574-3860, LNDC@liolios.com









The Value of Membership
 As the leading provider of in-depth business and credit information on the global produce industry, a membership with Blue Book Services gives you access to:

Ratings & Credit Scores
Dynamic Search Tools
Real-Time Data
Marketing Power
Trading Assistance
Education

Learn MoreAbout The Benefits















