    Ben Hennelly | Decisyon Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



Ben Hennelly, CEO, Decisyon | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Ben Hennelly


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Ben Hennelly

Alias or nickname



CEO, Decisyon




Stamford, CT




Find other people named Ben Hennelly




General Info


Wholesale Trade



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Ben J. Hennelly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has worked within the group since 2003. Ben is actively engaged in the evaluation of potential new investments, and also devotes a material portion of his time to assisting AJI’s current portfolio companies with strategy development, improvement initiatives and the pursuit of growth opportunities. 
Before assuming the CFO role, Ben was Vice President, Corporate Development at AJI, and previously Vice President, Business Development and Strategy at Sprague Energy. Before joining the group, he was on the founding management team of EPIK Communications, a network-based provider of broadband telecom services across the southeastern US, where he was Senior Vice President, Product and Market Management and Vice President, Customer Solutions. Prior to EPIK, Ben was a consultant in the New York and Los Angeles offices of the Monitor Group, a global management strategy consulting firm, where he advised clients across a range of industries, including energy, telecom, pharmaceuticals, publishing and financial services. 
Ben holds an AB from Cornell University and a PhD from Brown University.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Ben Hennellies on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



www.axeljohnson.com



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Decisyon

CEO

Oct-2014




Lexa International Corporation

Executive Vice President





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo













Created on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 







Edited on Apr 13, 2015


by William Ryan
 




PAGE COMPLETION

40%




Summary




Career




Industry




Website/Blog




Add a Video



Add 3 Notable Links



Add a Photo



Add Education



Add 3 Achievements



Add a Social Network



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c10042a7d6a" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/ben-hennelly-3e1429c09e597c10042a7d6a">Ben Hennelly</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Ben.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More




Ben J. Hennelly: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:43 PM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Sprague Resources LP



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ben J. Hennelly  Director of Sprague Resources GP LLC, Sprague Resources LPAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships46$75,000
Background

		Mr. Ben J. Hennelly is the President and Chief Executive Officer at Decisyon, Inc. From 2007 to 2012, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Axel Johnson Inc. Mr. Hennelly joined Axel Johnson (AJI) since 2003. He was actively engaged in the evaluation of potential new investments and also devoted a material portion of his time to assisting AJI's current portfolio companies with strategy development, improvement initiatives and the pursuit ... of growth opportunities. He served as Vice President of Corporate Development at AJI and Vice President, Business Development and Strategy of Sprague Energy. Mr. Hennelly served on the founding management team of EPIK Communications, where he served as Senior Vice President of Product and Market Management and Vice President of Customer Solutions. He was Consultant in the New York and Los Angeles offices of the Monitor Group, where he advised clients across a range of industries, including energy, telecom, pharmaceuticals, publishing and financial services. He has been a Director of Sprague Resources GP LLC since July 2011. Mr. Hennelly holds an AB from Cornell University and a PhD from Brown University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
185 International DrivePortsmouth, New Hampshire 03801United StatesPhone: 800-225-1560Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2011-PresentDirector of Sprague Resources GP LLCSprague Resources LP
Education
BA Cornell UniversityPhD Brown University
Other Affiliations
Axel Johnson Inc.Cornell UniversityBrown University


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$15,000Total Calculated Compensation$75,000




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJames E. Ferrell Chairman of Ferrellgas Inc, Interim CEO of Ferrellgas Inc and Interim President of Ferrellgas IncFerrellgas Partners, L.P.--Steven J. Goldman CEO of Kestrel Heat LLC, President of Kestrel Heat LLC and Director of Kestrel Heat LLCStar Gas Partners, L.P.$420.0KMichael A. Stivala Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Board of SupervisorsSuburban Propane Partners, L.P.$500.0KRuben S. Martin IIICEO, President & Director of Martin Midstream GP LLCMartin Midstream Partners L.P.$412.5KJeremy L. Bergeron CEO, President & Director of Crossamerica GP LLCCrossAmerica Partners LP$406.6KCompensation as of Fiscal Year --.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sprague Resources LP, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Ben J. Hennelly - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Ben J. Hennelly
Dir. and Chief Risk Officer at Sprague Resources LP


View Full Profile
Are you Ben J. Hennelly? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ben J. Hennelly's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ben J. Hennelly's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ben J. Hennelly's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ben J. Hennelly through your network of contacts.
												








Ben J. Hennelly's Executive Work History


Current


Dir. and Chief Risk Officer, 
Sprague Resources LP


Past
To view Ben J. Hennelly's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
46

 
 


Ben J. Hennelly's Biography



Mr. Hennelly was appointed to the board of directors of our General Partner in July 2011. Mr. Hennelly currently serves as the Executive Vice President of Axel Johnson, a position he has held since March 13, 2007. Mr. Hennelly also currently serves as President and Chief Financial Officer of Decisyon Inc., an Axel Johnson portfolio company, which develops and markets enterprise collaboration software in the U.S. and Europe. Mr. Hennelly previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Axel Johnson during the period of March 2007 through June 2012. Mr. Hennelly has held various positions within the Axel Johnson Group since joining our Predeces ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Hennelly was appointed to the board of directors of our General Partner in July 2011. Mr. Hennelly currently serves as the Executive Vice President of Axel Johnson, a position he has held since March 13, 2007. Mr. Hennelly also currently serves as President and Chief Financial Officer of Decisyon Inc., an Axel Johnson portfolio company, which develops and markets enterprise collaboration software in the U.S. and Europe. Mr. Hennelly previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Axel Johnson during the period of March 2007 through June 2012. Mr. Hennelly has held various positions within the Axel Johnson Group since joining our Predecessor in April 2003, including Vice President, Business Development of our Predecessor and, more recently, Vice President, Corporate Development at Axel Johnson. Before joining the Axel Johnson Group, Mr. Hennelly was on the founding management team of EPIK Communications, a provider of broadband telecom services, and previously was a consultant with the Monitor Group, a global management strategy consulting firm, where he advised clients across a range of industries, including the energy industry. Mr. Hennelly holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Cornell University and a PhD from Brown University. We believe that Mr. Hennelly's 16 years of consulting and management experience in a variety of industries, together with his deep understanding of our business from nearly three years of service at our Predecessor, make Mr. Hennelly well-suited to serve on the board of directors of our General Partner.
		
Source: Sprague Resources LP on 03/10/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ben J. Hennelly's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Ben J. Hennelly. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ben J. Hennelly's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ben J. Hennelly's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ben J. Hennelly through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Ben J. Hennelly


















Ben J. Hennelly's Connections (15)





Sign up now to view Ben J. Hennelly's 15 connections »









Steven D. Scammon
See Remarks, Sprague Resources LP









Joseph S. Smith
Vice President, Business Development, Sprague Resources LP









John W. Moore
See Remarks, Sprague Resources LP









Gary A. Rinaldi
Dir. and See Remarks, Sprague Resources LP









Thomas F. Flaherty
Employee, Sprague Resources LP









David C. Glendon
Dir. and See Remarks, Sprague Resources LP









C. Gregory Harper
Dir., President and Principal Executive Officer, Midcoast Energy Partners, L.P.









Beth A. Bowman
Board Member, Sprague Resources LP









Michael D. Milligan
Former Chairman of the Board, Sprague Resources LP









Sally A. Sarsfield
Former Board Member, Sprague Resources LP








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













  Sprague Resources Lp (SRLP) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Ben J. Hennelly  Sells  2,456 Shares – Energy Index          Search       Sprague Resources Lp (SRLP) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Ben J. Hennelly  Sells  2,456 Shares       Peter Ember    May 19, 2017         Sprague Resources Lp (SRLP): Ben J. Hennelly , director of Sprague Resources Lp  sold 2,456 shares on May 17, 2017. The Insider selling transaction was reported by the company on May 17, 2017 to the Securities and Exchange Commission. The shares were sold at $26.94 per share for a total value of $66,172.74  , the company said in a SEC Form 4 Filing.Other Insider transactions have been reported by the company according to SEC Form 4, on Jan 4, 2017, Paul A. Scoff  (officer ) sold 1,250 shares at $28.20 per share price.On Mar 25, 2015, Brian W. Weego  (Vice President, Natural Gas) sold 2,500 shares at $25.50 per share price.Shares of Sprague Resources LP (SRLP) ended Thursday, May 18, 2017 session in red amid volatile trading. The shares closed down -0.45 points or -1.65% at $26.75 with 11,216 shares getting traded. Post opening the session at $27.2, the shares hit an intraday low of $26.605 and an intraday high of $27.2 and the price vacillated in this range throughout the day. The company has a market cap of $603 M and the number of outstanding shares has been calculated to be 2,25,43,527 shares. The 52-week high of Sprague Resources LP is $30.35 and the 52-week low is $22.5.Sprague Resources LP (Sprague Resources) is engaged in the purchase storage distribution and sale of refined products and natural gas and provides storage and handling services for a range of materials. The Company operates through four segments: refined products natural gas materials handling and other operations. The Company’s refined products segment purchases a range of refined products such as heating oil diesel fuel residual fuel oil asphalt kerosene jet fuel and gasoline and sells them to its customers. The natural gas segment purchases sells and distributes natural gas to commercial and industrial customers primarily in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic United States. The materials handling segment offloads stores and prepares for delivery a range of customer-owned products. The Company’s other operations consist primarily of coal marketing and distribution and commercial trucking. Sprague Resources’ product brands include HeatForce and RoadForce.     Peter EmberTo contact the author of this report, send an email to peter.em@energyindexwatch.comYou might also likeBankfinancial Corp (BFIN) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Paul A Cloutier  Sells  10,000 Shares Bankfinancial Corp (BFIN): Paul A Cloutier ,…Opko Health, Inc. (OPK) Files Form 4 Insider Buying : Gamma Investments Trust Frost  Buys  1,800 Shares Opko Health, Inc. (OPK): Gamma Investments Trust…Chesapeake Energy Corp (CHK) Files Form 4 Insider Buying : R Brad Martin  Buys  20,400 Shares Chesapeake Energy Corp (CHK): R Brad Martin…Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *   Previous PostWorkday, Inc. (WDAY) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Robynne Sisco  Sells  1,405 Shares Next PostFormfactor Inc (FORM) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Edward Jr Rogas  Sells  6,000 Shares Latest Earning ReleasesThe Big Earnings of Chipotle Mexican Grill Were Overshadowed by the Data BreachDespite its Sales Spiraling Down H&M Launches a New Label- ArketRevenue Update on AdCare Health Systems(NYSEMKT:ADK)Revenue Update on Eleven Biotherapeutics Inc(NASDAQ:EBIO)     The Demand for Cloud and SSD Are Now the Prime Growth Engines for Micron As WellAlaska Airlines Planning to Absorb Virgin America by 2019Andrew Puzder Decides to Leave CKE Restaurants HoldingsSoftbank Goes Soft on Wework and Invests $300 MillionMore Departures in Uber as Two Executives LeaveVolkswagen and Audi Headquarters Raided by German Authorities      