








Caterpillar's Gwenne Henricks, VP for Product Development & Global Technology Division to Retire | Mining Connection — The Link For All Your Mining Resources





































 


 
 

 



 


Menu
Home
Resource Center

Trade Shows & Events
Careers
Classifieds
Contact
Advertising














Search:





 






Feature Stories
News
BuyersGuide
Business Spotlights
Videos

 
 





 


 


 
 




 
 


Caterpillar’s Gwenne Henricks, VP for Product Development & Global Technology Division to Retire

Published: September 8, 2016 | 


[Click image to enlarge]

Gwenne Henricks[Click image to enlarge]

Jean Savage[Click image to enlarge]
 
Caterpillar Inc.‘s Gwenne Henricks, vice president of product development & global technology division (PD&GT) is retiring following a distinguished career of more than 35 years with the company.
The company will form a single research, technology and product development division to deliver high-quality product differentiation and system integration. Current Advanced Component & System Division (ACSD) Vice President Jean Savage will lead this newly formed team of ACSD and PD&GT employees. The manufacturing functions within ACSD will be led by current ACSD Operations General Manager Steve Ferguson, who will report directly to Resource Industries Group President Denise Johnson and drive lean, cost-competitive component manufacturing operations.
Gwenne Henricks has spent the last four years leading the company’s R&D and technology strategies, concluding a successful 35 years of service to the company.
“Gwenne has spent her entire career in engineering, product and business management, which made her the absolute right advocate and leader to deploy the Enterprise Technology Strategy and strengthen the global engineering talent pipeline. She is one of the most collaborative leaders who’s always focused on what’s best for the enterprise — whether that’s defining and executing on a turnaround plan during her time as Industrial Power Systems Division vice president or as a critical member of the Tier 4 emissions rollout across Caterpillar’s extensive product line. I thank Gwenne for her commitment to this company for more than three decades, and I wish her only the best in her well-deserved retirement,” said Denise Johnson, president of resource industries group at Caterpillar.
Since joining Caterpillar in 1981, Henricks held numerous product development, management and business leadership positions with increasing responsibility before being named vice president with responsibility for the Electronics and Connected Worksite Division in 2007. She then became vice president with responsibility for the Industrial Power Systems Division before the Board of Directors named her to her most recent position in 2012.
Henricks has both a bachelor’s degree in physics and a master’s degree in electrical engineering from Bradley University, a master’s in business administration from the University of Illinois and completed the Managing Engineering Design and Development Program at Carnegie Bosch Institute, Carnegie Mellon University.
Jean Savage, who joined Caterpillar subsidiary Progress Rail Services (PRS) in 2002, has an extensive background in engineering and manufacturing with PRS, Caterpillar and in the industry for 14 years prior. She also spent nine years in the Army Reserves as a military intelligence officer. Savage has a bachelor’s degree in electrical and computer engineering from the University of Cincinnati and a master’s degree in engineering management from the University of Dayton. Her proven leadership and background solidly position her to bring these two groups together as one new team focused on evolving Caterpillar’s technology and product development.
“Jean’s role in leading the formation and development of this new organization will be critical in establishing how Caterpillar accelerates our global research, technology and product development strategies. Our end goal remains — helping our customers through the development and delivery of differentiated products. The creation of this division will also deliver necessary efficiencies, which does mean continued and significant workforce reductions. While difficult, the streamlining at all levels of the company, including within the officer ranks, is necessary given the global market environment that is impacting the company’s business,” added Johnson.

About Caterpillar
For 90 years, Caterpillar Inc. has been making sustainable progress possible and driving positive change on every continent. Customers turn to Caterpillar to help them develop infrastructure, energy and natural resource assets. With 2015 sales and revenues of $47.011 billion, Caterpillar is the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. The company principally operates through its three product segments — construction industries, resource industries and energy & transportation — and also provides financing and related services through its financial products segment.
To stop by Caterpillar’s website, CLICK HERE

Be in-the-know when you’re on-the-go!
FREE eNews delivery service to your email twice-weekly. With a focus on lead-driven news, our news service will help you develop new business contacts on an on-going basis.
CLICK HERE to register your email address.

Copyright © 2016 Mining Connection LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without permission. 
For licensing permission, .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
 
 





 


 


 
 




 
 




Stay Informed - Register Now!
Take Our Survey - Win Free Advertising!

 




 


 
 




 


 


 


 


 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 


 DMCA

LMB Photography

Home | Minerals Processing | Underground Mining | Surface Mining |   Oil, Gas and Shale | Resource Center |  Trade Shows & Events | Careers | Classifieds 
Powered by and © Mining Connection LLC.                                                                                         © 2009-2016 Mining Connection LLC. All rights reserved 
				
 
 
 

 



Gwenne Henricks Appointed to Polaris Industries Inc. Board of Directors | Business Wire


























































Gwenne Henricks Appointed to Polaris Industries Inc. Board of 
      Directors












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Gwenne Henricks, Polaris Industries Inc. Board of Director (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Gwenne Henricks, Polaris Industries Inc. Board of Director (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














July 23, 2015 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE: PII) appointed Gwenne Henricks to the 
      Company’s Board of Directors on July 22, 2015. Ms. Henricks is Vice 
      President of Product Development & Global Technology and Chief 
      Technology Officer for Caterpillar Inc. Ms. Henricks joined Caterpillar 
      in 1981, and during her thirty-four year career she has held numerous 
      engineering and executive roles progressing in scope and complexity.
    


      “We are very pleased to welcome Gwenne to our Board,” said Polaris 
      Chairman and CEO Scott Wine. “During her exceptional career with 
      Caterpillar, she has developed and mastered a range of skills that will 
      be extremely valuable to Polaris’ ambitious global growth efforts. As 
      technology integration becomes an increasingly important differentiator 
      for many of our products, Gwenne’s background developing 
      customer-vehicle interface software is very much in line with our 
      efforts to create a connected rider. Gwenne also has experience building 
      a global research and development organization, which aligns closely 
      with our efforts to identify and meet the needs of underserved markets 
      as we expand internationally. Gwenne’s counsel and guidance will be 
      instrumental as we continue to strengthen and grow the Polaris brand.”
    

      Ms. Henricks holds a B.S. in physics and Master of Science degree in 
      electrical engineering, both from Bradley University. She also earned an 
      M.B.A. from the University of Illinois. She serves on the Bradley 
      University Engineering Advisory Committee, the South Dakota School of 
      Mines & Technology Advisory Council, and the Conference Board’s Product 
      and Services Development Council.
    

About Polaris®


      Polaris is a recognized leader in the powersports industry with annual 
      2014 sales of $4.5 billion. Polaris designs, engineers, manufactures and 
      markets innovative, high quality off-road consumer and military 
      vehicles, including all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) and the Polaris RANGER® 
      and RZR® side-by-side vehicles, snowmobiles, 
      motorcycles and on-road electric/hybrid powered vehicles.
    

      Polaris is among the global sales leaders for both snowmobiles and 
      off-road vehicles and has established a presence in the heavyweight 
      cruiser and touring motorcycle market with the Victory® and 
      Indian Motorcycle® and Slingshot® brands. 
      Additionally, Polaris continues to invest in the global Work and 
      Transportation vehicle industry with Global Electric Motorcars (GEM), 
      Goupil Industrie SA, Aixam Mega S.A.S., and internally developed 
      vehicles. Polaris enhances the riding experience with a complete line of 
      Polaris Engineered Parts, Accessories and Apparel, Klim branded apparel 
      and ORV accessories under the Kolpin®, Cycle Country® 
      and Pro Armor® brands.
    

      Polaris Industries Inc. trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the 
      symbol “PII”, and the Company is included in the S&P Mid-Cap 400 stock 
      price index.
    

      Information about the complete line of Polaris products, apparel and 
      vehicle accessories are available from authorized Polaris dealers or 
      anytime at www.polaris.com.
    




Contacts

Polaris Industries Inc.Marlys Knutson, 763-542-0533marlys.knutson@polaris.com












Release Summary
Polaris Industries appoints Gwenne Henricks to the Company’s Board of Directors.







Contacts

Polaris Industries Inc.Marlys Knutson, 763-542-0533marlys.knutson@polaris.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Gwenne  Henricks  | Caterpillar Inc. | Business Review USA






















Sign In
Get more than ever out of Business Review USA. Participate in discussions, easily share your favorite stories, and connect with what your friends are sharing












EMAIL OR USERNAME







PASSWORD






Forgot password?


 Keep me signed in
						    






 



To signup, please click here


Sign In






Sign Up
Get more than ever out of Business Review USA. Participate in discussions, easily share your favorite stories, and connect with what your friends are sharing




TITLE

Mr.
Mrs.



FIRST NAME



LAST NAME







EMAIL ADDRESS



PASSWORD







Photo










 Recieve weekly newsletters
				
I already have an account, Go to login!
Forgot your password?



Register











Forgot Password
Don't Worry! Please enter you email address and we will retieve your email for you.





EMAIL ADDRESS






 


Submit





Signup for Newsletter




EMAIL ADDRESS



 







Submit

















Leadership




Finance




Technology




Marketing




Top 10

















Jul 2017








June 2017








May 2017








April 2017








March 2017








February 2017







			  			More Back Issues
			  		



















»





About Us
Media













Gwenne  Henricks 
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for the Product Development & Global Technolo






Executive Bio
Gwenne Henricks is vice president of Product Development & Global Technology. Henricks is also chief technology officer.
Since joining Caterpillar in 1981, she has held numerous positions, including junior engineer, design engineer, senior design engineer, supervising engineer, BHL engineering manager, division manager of Systems and Controls Research, 6 Sigma Deployment Champion, WW Undercarriage Product Manager, general manager Specialty Products Business Unit, general manager Cat® Electronics, vice president Electronics and Connected Worksite Division and vice president Industrial Power Systems Division. In 2012 the Caterpillar Board of Directors named Henricks vice president of Product Development & Global Technology, and chief technology officer.
Henricks, a native of Illinois, graduated from Bradley University in 1979 with a Bachelor of Science degree in physics, in 1981 with a Master of Science degree in electrical engineering and in 2003 from the University of Illinois with a master’s in business administration. In 1996 she also completed the Managing Engineering Design and Development Program at Carnegie Bosch Institute, Carnegie Mellon University.
She is a member of the Society of Automotive Engineers, the Society of Women Engineers, the Bradley University Engineering Advisory Committee and board president of CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocates) of Peoria County.

 Prev

Next 





Statistics


INDUSTRY
Mining



FOUNDED
1925



EMPLOYEES
5000 + 



REVENUE
1B+





Leadership



Doug  Oberhelman
Chairman & CEO









Bradley Halverson
President and CFO 









Kent  Adams
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. and president of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation









Mike DeWalt
Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for Strategic Services Division











Show More









Contact Us

 +1 309 675 1000


 http://www.cat.com/


 100 NE ADAMS ST, Peoria, IL, United States



Follow Us

 Facebook


 Twitter


 Youtube


 Linkedin







People Also Viewed







Armstrong Coal





Montana Mining Association





Newmont Mining





Alliance Holding GP LP





Terex





Bobcat















 View Profile 













Advertise with Us !





 Our revolutionary, custom-built information delivery platforms maximizes accessibility to quickly provide industry professionals with the information they need to make decisions.
  - Digital Magazine Placement
  - Weekly Newsletter Placement
  - Website Sector Sponsoship
  - Web Banners
  - Social Media placement








FIRST NAME

firstname can not be blank


LAST NAME

lastname can not be blank


PHONE NUMBER

this is not a legal phone number
phone number can not be blank






EMAIL ADDRESS

this is not a legal email
email can not be blank


ADDITIONAL NOTES















Request Info


















  










Gwenne A. Henricks | Directors and Boards
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Ms. Gwenne A. HenricksVP Product Dev. & Global Technology & CTO, Caterpillar Inc.Peoria, ILIn her present position since 2013, she joined Caterpillar in 1981.  During her thirty-four year career, she has held numerous engineering and executive roles progressing in scope and complexity. She is a member of the Society of Automotive Engineers, Society of Women Engineers, the South Dakota School of Mines & Technology Advisory Council,  and serves on the Board of St. Francis Medical Center College of Nursing. 2015 Fourth QuarterAdded to: Polaris Industries Inc. - Medina, MNPolaris designs and manufactures snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and motorcycles. Revenues are $5 billion.















 















 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














GWENNE HENRICKS APPOINTED TO POLARIS INDUSTRIES INC. BOARD OF DIRECTORS | Polaris Industries









































8/4/2015 12:00:00 AM
GWENNE HENRICKS APPOINTED TO POLARIS INDUSTRIES INC. BOARD OF DIRECTORS









MINNEAPOLIS, MN (July 23, 2015) — Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE: PII) appointed Gwenne Henricks to the Company’s Board of Directors on July 22, 2015. Ms. Henricks is Vice President of Product Development & Global Technology and Chief Technology Officer for Caterpillar Inc. Ms. Henricks joined Caterpillar in 1981, and during her thirty-four year career she has held numerous engineering and executive roles progressing in scope and complexity.“We are very pleased to welcome Gwenne to our Board,” said Polaris Chairman and CEO Scott Wine.  “During her exceptional career with Caterpillar, she has developed and mastered a range of skills that will be extremely valuable to Polaris’ ambitious global growth efforts.  As technology integration becomes an increasingly important differentiator for many of our products, Gwenne’s background developing customer-vehicle interface software is very much in line with our efforts to create a connected rider.  Gwenne also has experience building a global research and development organization, which aligns closely with our efforts to identify and meet the needs of underserved markets as we expand internationally.  Gwenne’s counsel and guidance will be instrumental as we continue to strengthen and grow the Polaris brand.”Ms. Henricks holds a B.S. in physics and Master of Science degree in electrical engineering, both from Bradley University.  She also earned an M.B.A. from the University of Illinois. She serves on the Bradley University Engineering Advisory Committee, the South Dakota School of Mines & Technology Advisory Council, and the Conference Board’s Product and Services Development Council.About Polaris®Polaris is a recognized leader in the powersports industry with annual 2014 sales of $4.5 billion. Polaris designs, engineers, manufactures and markets innovative, high quality off-road consumer and military vehicles, including all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) and the Polaris RANGER® and RZR® side-by-side vehicles, snowmobiles, motorcycles and on-road electric/hybrid powered vehicles.Polaris is among the global sales leaders for both snowmobiles and off-road vehicles and has established a presence in the heavyweight cruiser and touring motorcycle market with the Victory® and Indian Motorcycle® and Slingshot® brands. Additionally, Polaris continues to invest in the global Work and Transportation vehicle industry with Global Electric Motorcars (GEM), Goupil Industrie SA, Aixam Mega S.A.S., and internally developed vehicles. Polaris enhances the riding experience with a complete line of Polaris Engineered Parts, Accessories and Apparel, Klim branded apparel and ORV accessories under the Kolpin®, Cycle Country® and Pro Armor® brands.Polaris Industries Inc. trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “PII”, and the Company is included in the S&P Mid-Cap 400 stock price index.Information about the complete line of Polaris products, apparel and vehicle accessories are available from authorized Polaris dealers or anytime atwww.polaris.com.
            




































With VP Henricks’s retirement, Caterpillar cuts more jobs in consolidation of tech, R&D efforts | Equipment World | Construction Equipment, News and Information | Heavy Construction Equipment





































































































 



 
 


 
 

Subscribe to our Newsletter


Email*



  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
 







Equipment 




                    With VP Henricks’s retirement, Caterpillar cuts more jobs in consolidation of tech, R&D efforts                




Wayne Grayson | August 19, 2016
                    


















 

Following a 35-year career with the company, Gwenne Henricks, vice president for the Caterpillar Product Development & Global Technology Division, has announced she will retire from the company.
Henricks is the third Cat VP to retire in the last year. Former mining VP Chris Curfman announced his retirement in September and in February former Electric Power Division VP Steve Niehaus announced his own.
RELATED >> Cat to end track drill production, intends to sell room and pillar underground mining machines
Henricks’s retirement will take effect September 1, at which point Cat has announced that it will consolidate the PD&GT and Advanced Component & System Division (ACSD) teams, bringing all of its technology and R&D efforts into one new division.
Consolidations also followed the previous two VP retirements. With Curfman’s retirement at the end of 2015, the Mining Sales and Support Division he led was integrated into the existing Global Mining machine business division. And when Niehaus stepped down from his position June 1, Cat consolidated the EP division with the Marine & Petroleum Power Divisions.
Henricks
Though the company has not provided specific figures, the consolidation will bring “significant” job cuts with it, according to Resource Industries group president Denise Johnson.
The consolidation is part of Cat’s ongoing cost reduction program. Announced in September, the company hopes to save $1.5 billion annually over the next few years through the reduction of thousands of jobs from its global workforce and the closing and consolidation of up to 20 facilities.
In the last year, the company has cut more than 14,000 employees from its global workforce. Nearly 200 more job reductions are expected to come with Cat’s decision to discontinue production of track drills and intent to sell off its room and pillar underground mining machines.
“Gwenne has spent her entire career in engineering, product and business management, which made her the absolute right advocate and leader to deploy the Enterprise Technology Strategy and strengthen the global engineering talent pipeline,” Johnson said in a prepared statement. “She is one of the most collaborative leaders who’s always focused on what’s best for the enterprise—whether that’s defining and executing on a turnaround plan during her time as Industrial Power Systems Division vice president or as a critical member of the Tier 4 emissions rollout across Caterpillar’s extensive product line. I thank Gwenne for her commitment to this company for more than three decades, and I wish her only the best in her well-deserved retirement.”
With Henricks’s exit, the new division will be led by current ACSD VP Jean Savage. Manufacturing functions within ACSD will be led by current ACSD Operations General Manager Steve Ferguson, who will report directly to Johnson.
Savage
“Jean’s role in leading the formation and development of this new organization will be critical in establishing how Caterpillar accelerates our global research, technology and product development strategies,” said Johnson. “The creation of this division will also deliver necessary efficiencies, which does mean continued and significant workforce reductions. While difficult, the streamlining at all levels of the company, including within the officer ranks, is necessary given the global market environment that is impacting the company’s business.”
Henricks joined Cat in 1981, was named VP with responsibility for the Electronics and Connected Worksite Division in 2007 and became VP of the Industrial Power Systems Division before the Board of Directors named her to her most recent position in 2012.
Henricks has both a bachelor’s degree in physics and a master’s degree in electrical engineering from Bradley University, a master’s in business administration from the University of Illinois and completed the Managing Engineering Design and Development Program at Carnegie Mellon University’s Bosch Institute.
Savage joined Cat subsidiary Progress Rail Services in 2002. In addition to nearly 30 years in the industry, Savage also spend nine years in the U.S. Army Reserves as a military intelligence officer. She holds a bachelor’s degree in electrical and computer engineering from the University of Cincinnati and a master’s degree in engineering management from the University of Dayton.
 
 



 

 CatcaterpillarCaterpillar cost reductionCaterpillar job cutsConstructionConstruction equipmentEquipmentHeavy equipment 


 
From our partners
AD







Presented By:
                Sonetics 
 

Improve Awareness to Avoid Backovers and Struck-Bys



					It starts with increased situational awareness and an ingrained safety culture.








 


Recent Articles




 

ASV’s RT-120 is a big CTL designed to tackle tough...







 

Caterpillar Q2 sales up 9.5%, profit jumps 45%







 

Volvo’s new PL3005E pipelayer lifts more, converts to excavator with...







 

VIDEO: The Dumphoe was half excavator, half site dumper in...









 




There are no comments 
 Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Please wait while you are being authenticated...Comment Name * 
Email * 
 

 


 

 





Trending Articles



 



                                    Crane co.’s overweight haul hit with biggest ticket in R.I. history (VIDEO)                                


                                7,279 Views
                            





 



                                    Ram 5500 chassis cab gets a few improvements for 2018 (VIDEO)                                


                                1,231 Views
                            





 



                                    Volvo’s new PL3005E pipelayer lifts more, converts to excavator with no power loss                                


                                1,171 Views
                            





 



                                    ASV’s RT-120 is a big CTL designed to tackle tough applications                                


                                899 Views
                            





 



                                    BlueLine Rental completes acquisition of Capital Rentals                                


                                861 Views
                            






 



Safety Watch



 



An easy lift, a deadly fall


  GO TO SAFETY WATCH








 






Equipment 




						Hood scoop key piece in Chevy’s creation of its most powerful ...						
by Wayne Grayson








Wheel Loaders 




						Volvo’s LX1 hybrid loader prototype achieves a 50% fuel efficiency gain ...						
by Marcia Gruver Doyle








pickups 




						Ram unveils new Big Horn Black, Sport HD packages for 2018 ...						
by Equipment World Staff








 




pickups 




						3.0L found in Land Rover SUVs will reportedly power Ford’s 2018 ...						
by Tom Quimby








Backhoes 




						John Deere updates L-Series backhoes with improved controls, new rear coupler ...						
by Wayne Grayson












   SEE COMPARISONS






 


Digital Edition















 



 













































 





























 





Caterpillar VP retires | Pit & Quarry
































































Celebrating 100 years










subscribe








News
Features
Digital Editions
eNewsletters

P&Q Equipment Spotlight
P&Q Weekly Report
Subscribe


Buyers’ Guide
P&Q Univ.
Industry Links

Aggregate Producers
Equipment Manufacturers
Associations
Agencies and Information Sources


More

PP&E
Webinars
White Papers
Subscribe
Pit & Quarry Classifieds
Pit & Quarry Hall of Fame
Customer Service FAQ











 






Caterpillar VP retires, company forms research division

By Allison Barwacz|  August 22, 2016

Gwenne Henricks, Caterpillar’s vice president with responsibility for the product development and global technology division, is retiring after 35 years of service to the company.
According to the company, Henricks has spent the last four years leading the company’s R&D and technology strategies. Since joining the company in 1981, she has held numerous product development, management and business leadership positions before being named vice president with responsibility for the electronics and connected worksite division in 2007. She then became vice president with responsibility for the industrial power systems division before the board of directors named her to her most recent position in 2012, Cat reports.
“Gwenne has spent her entire career in engineering, product and business management, which made her the absolute right advocate and leader to deploy the enterprise technology strategy and strengthen the global engineering talent pipeline,” says Denise Johnson, Resource Industries group president. “She is one of the most collaborative leaders who’s always focused on what’s best for the enterprise – whether that’s defining and executing on a turnaround plan during her time as Industrial Power Systems Division vice president or as a critical member of the Tier 4 emissions rollout across Caterpillar’s extensive product line.”
Caterpillar also announced that it will form a single research, technology and product development division to deliver product differentiation and system integration. Jean Savage, Cat’s advanced component and system division (ACSD) vice president, will lead this newly formed team. According to Cat, Savage joined Caterpillar in 2002, serving its subsidiary Progress Rail Services.
The manufacturing functions within ACSD will be led by current ACSD Operations General Manager Steve Ferguson, who will report directly to Johnson.


This article is tagged with Cat, Caterpillar, Denise Johnson, Gwenne Henricks, Jean Savage, product development division, research, Resource Industries, Technology 	and posted in News




Subscribe to Pit & Quarry







If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to Pit & Quarry to receive more articles just like it.








Comments are closed





















 
 
 









About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Digital Editions
Subscribe
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy







 












































Cat VP Gwenne Henricks Retires after 35 Years | Construction Equipment

































 



 


















Search form

Search 





 










Newsletters
Subscribe
Advertise
About
Contact
 









what are you looking for?
Equipment Type






EarthmovingSurface drills
Toolcarriers
Soil Stabilizing Equipment
Skid Steer Loaders
Site Dumpers
Wheel Dozers
Wheel Loaders
Wood and brush clearing
Wheeled Excavators
Wheel Tractors
Sheepsfoot Rollers or Padfoot Rollers
Scrapers, Self Propelled
Compact Utility Tractors (Less than/equal to 60 hp)
Crawler Dozers
Compact Track Loaders
Backhoe Loaders
Articulated Dump Trucks, Off-Highway
Crawler Excavators
Crawler Loaders
Rigid Frame Trucks, Off-Highway
Scrapers, Pull Type
Motor Graders
Landfill Compactors
Crawler Tractors

Underground ConstructionDirectional Boring Equipment
Inspection Equipment, Sewer and Pipe
Piercing Tools
Pipe & Cable Locators
Pipe Layers
Pipe Rehab Equip: Pipe Bursting, Pipe Jacking, Liners, Etc.
Trench Rollers
Trenchers
Vacuum Excavation
Vibratory Plows

Paving & Materials ProductionAsphalt Pavers, Tracked
Asphalt Pavers, Wheeled
Batching and Mixing Plants, Asphalt
Batching and Mixing Plants, Concrete
Bridge Finishers
Cold Planers and Milling Machines
Combination Rollers, Smooth Drum & Tires
Concrete Mixers
Concrete Pavers
Concrete Reclaimers
Concrete Screeds
Conveyors and Feeders, All Types
Crushing and Screening Plants, Portable
Crushing and Screening Plants, Stationary
Curb and Gutter Paver
Emulsified Asphalt, Recycled Pavement, Mobile Machines
Horizontal Grinder
Material Transfer Vehicles
Material-Handler Excavators
Patching Plants, Asphalt
Pavement Breakers, Self Propelled
Pavement Saws & Blades
Pneumatic Tire Rollers
Reclaimers and Recyclers, In-Place
Screeds, Asphalt
Screeds, Vibrating
Screens, Vibrating Aggregate Sizing
Shoulder Spreaders
Single Smooth Drum Vibratory Rollers
Slipforms, Concrete Paving
Slurry Machines
Soil Stabilizing Equipment
Tandem Vibratory Rollers
Tub Grinders
Wood Chippers

Lifting & Concrete PlacementTruck Cranes
Truck Mounted Cranes
Tower Cranes
Telescoping Boom Aerial Platform, Truck and Trailer Mounted
Telescoping Boom Aerial Platform, Self Propelled
Vibrators, Concrete, Internal
Vibrators, External Form
Telescopic Crawler Cranes
Telehandlers
Concrete Pumps
Forklifts, Rough-Terrain Vertical-Mast
Concrete Conveyors
Bridge Inspection/Maintenance
Boom Trucks
Grapples
Lattice Boom Crawler Cranes
Scissor Lift Aerial Platform, Self Propelled
Scissor Lift Aerial Platform, Truck and Trailer Mounted
Rough Terrain Cranes
Power Trowels, Walk-Behind
Power Trowels, Ride-On
Articulating Boom Aerial Platform, Truck & Trailer Mounted
Articulating Boom Aerial Platform, Self Propelled
All Terrain Cranes

Light EquipmentBits, Masonry Core Drill
Blades, Concrete and Masonry Saw
All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV)
Air Tools and Accessories
Abrasive Blasting Equipment
Blades, Concrete Finish and Float
Cabinets, Storage, Tools, Etc.
Welding Equipment, Acetylene
Welding Equipment, Electrical
Vibratory, Walk-Behind Rollers
Vibratory Plate Compactors
Thawing Equipment (Also See Heaters)
Welding Power Units
Tampers, Ram Type
Radios: 2-Way, UHF, VHF, Etc.
Dust Collection Systems
Electric Generator Sets
Drills, Masonry Core
Demolition Tools
Compact Utility Vehicles
Generator, Mobile, Trailer-Mounted, Three-Phase
Generator, Skid-Mounted, Three-Phase
Pumps, Slurry
Pumps, Water
Portable Air Compressors
Light Towers, Portable Light Plants
Jackhammers, Hand Held

TruckingBodies, Trailer, Dump
Bodies, Truck, Dump
Bodies, Utility Types
Heavy-Duty Trucks, Class 7 & 8, >26,000 GVW
Medium-Duty Trucks, Classes 4 - 6, 14,001 to 26,000 GVW
Mixer Trucks, Concrete
Pickup Trucks, Classes 1 - 3, up to 14,000 GVW
Service Trucks
Snow Removal Equipment
Trailers, Bottom-Dump
Trailers, Bulk Materials
Trailers, End-Dump
Trailers, Flat-Bed and Platform
Trailers, Low-Bed, Equipment
Trailers, Side-Dump
Trailers, Special Purpose
Vehicles, Special Purpose, All-Wheel Drive
Water Trucks

AttachmentsAngle Brooms
Attachments for Compacting
Attachments for concrete and materials
Attachments for Fine Grading
Rakes
Rippers
Magnetic Sweepers
Loader Quick-Attach Couplers
Loader Attachment
Scrap Grapples
Shears, Crushers & Pulverizers
Wood and brush attachments
Wheel Loader Buckets
Tracks For Over Skid-Steer Wheels
Snow removal blades and attachments
Heavy-Duty Demolition Grapples
Grapple Forks
Booms and sticks
Boom-Mounted Tools & Accessories
Blades
Backhoe & Excavator Quick-Attach Couplers
Breakers
Cold-Planer & Milling Attachments
Dragline Buckets
Brush Grapples (Light Duty)
Buckets for loaders
Buckets for backhoes and excavators

RepairAir Compressors, Integral with Tractor
Batteries, Chargers and Service Equipment
Coolant
Crawler Undercarriage and Parts: Grousers, Shoes, Rollers, Links, Bushings, Pins, Idlers, Etc.
Diagnostic Test Equipment
Diesel Engines, 100 to 250 hp
Diesel Engines, Over 250 hp
Diesel Engines, Under 100 hp
Engines, Gasoline
Filters, Air, Engine
Filters, Fuel, Oil and Hydraulic
Filtration Equipment, Portable
Fluid Recovery and Recycling Systems
Fuel Analysis Services
Ground Engaging Tools
Hydraulic Hose
Lubricants and Grease
Lubricating Equipment, Truck- or Trailer-Mounted
Oil Analysis Equipment and Services
Oil Evacuation Systems
Steam Cleaners and Pressure Washers
Tire Accessories: Rims, Hubs, Etc.
Tire Spreaders and Removers
Tires, On- and Off-Highway

Safety EquipmentAlarms, Back-Up
Fall Protection, Prevention Devices
First Aid Supplies, Industrial
Goggles and Glasses
Safety Equipment for Construction
Trench Shoring Boxes and Systems

Theft PreventionTheft Prevention
Vehicle, Equipment, Security Locks

TechnologyConstruction Technology & Software
Construction Telematics
Electronic Grade Controls, GPS and Laser
Software, Equipment Management
Vehicle Dispatching Systems
Wireless Machine-Information Systems

 









 











 



 



















Cat VP Gwenne Henricks Retires after 35 Years




Foward-thinking electrical engineer guided Cat's technology path
 



August 24, 2016 









 



 



Gwenne Henricks, vice president with responsibility for Caterpillar's Product Development & Global Technology Division, is retiring. Henricks has spent the last four years leading the company’s R&D and technology strategies, concluding a successful 35 years of service to the company.
Henricks joined Cat in 1981 and has held numerous product development, management and business leadership positions with increasing responsibility before being named vice president with responsibility for the Electronics and Connected Worksite Division in 2007. She then became vice president with responsibility for the Industrial Power Systems Division before the Board of Directors named her to her most recent position in 2012.
“Gwenne has spent her entire career in engineering, product and business management, which made her the absolute right advocate and leader to deploy the Enterprise Technology Strategy and strengthen the global engineering talent pipeline,” said Denise Johnson. “She is one of the most collaborative leaders who’s always focused on what’s best for the enterprise – whether that’s defining and executing on a turnaround plan during her time as Industrial Power Systems Division vice president or as a critical member of the Tier 4 emissions rollout across Caterpillar’s extensive product line. I thank Gwenne for her commitment to this company for more than three decades, and I wish her only the best in her well-deserved retirement.”
Henricks has both a bachelor’s degree in physics and a master’s degree in electrical engineering from Bradley University, a master’s in business administration from the University of Illinois and completed the Managing Engineering Design and Development Program at Carnegie Bosch Institute, Carnegie Mellon University.
 
 



      More like this    

Caterpillar Reassigns Vice Presidents Following the previous announcement that two group presidents are retiring and new... 
Cat VP Jean Savage to Lead New R&D Division Move is part of ongoing company reorganization
... 
Caterpillar, Trimble Form Joint Venture Caterpillar Inc., the world's leading earthmoving equipment manufacturer, and Trimble, the leading... 
NDA Appoints Executive Director The National Demolition Association (NDA) announced that Cheryl Caulfield, IOM, CAE has joined... 
Caterpillar Celebrates Grand Opening of Data Innovation Lab Caterpillar Inc.... 
 



Comments on: "Cat VP Gwenne Henricks Retires after 35 Years"


 









 







 



      Latest Headlines    




 Oklahoma to Be Site of Largest Wind Farm in the U.S.  

 US/Mex Border Wall Delayed by Bidder Protests  

 Safety Concerns Cause WDOT To Put Road Crews On Night Shift   

 Maine College Offers Construction Institute  

 Video Shows Drones, Robots, and 3D Printed Structures  


All News  
 



 





latest products 



  
 Towmaster T-24TA Trailer 

  
 John Deere Updates L Series Backhoe Loaders 

  
 Volvo PL3005E Pipe Layer 

  
 Miller Electric Bobcat 200 Air Pak 

  
 Casella Apex2 Sampling Pump 

  
 Demag AC 300-6 All-terrain Crane 

  
 American Pneumatic Tools Walk-behind Power Trowels 

  
 John Deere PF45, PF60 Severe-duty Pallet Forks 

  
 Volvo P4410B Asphalt Paver 

  
 Gradall XL 3100 V Wheeled Excavator 


 



      FEATURED VIDEO    




 


 
 New Gradall Model Meets Township Needs and Budget  


All Videos 

 



      Subscribe Today    



Enter your email address here to be automatically subscribed to our daily newsletter!



Email Address *



First Name *



Last Name *



Title *



Company Name *








 



 











 



 



 










 













Overlay Init









	Polaris Industries Inc. - Gwenne Henricks Appointed to Polaris Industries Inc. Board of Directors









































Find a Dealer:

North America
|
Worldwide





United States
Select Country








Investor Relations






Welcome to Polaris industries Inc.

NYSE PII:
$88.70
-0.54
-0.6%
Volume: 
475,470

July 28, 2017

















Gwenne Henricks Appointed to Polaris Industries Inc. Board of Directors


07/23/2015

Download this Press Release ()


 MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE: PII) appointed Gwenne Henricks to the
      Company’s Board of Directors on July 22, 2015. Ms. Henricks is Vice
      President of Product Development & Global Technology and Chief
      Technology Officer for Caterpillar Inc. Ms. Henricks joined Caterpillar
      in 1981, and during her thirty-four year career she has held numerous
      engineering and executive roles progressing in scope and complexity.
    

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here:
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150723005235/en/



Gwenne Henricks, Polaris Industries Inc. Board of Director (Photo: Business Wire)  


      “We are very pleased to welcome Gwenne to our Board,” said Polaris
      Chairman and CEO Scott Wine. “During her exceptional career with
      Caterpillar, she has developed and mastered a range of skills that will
      be extremely valuable to Polaris’ ambitious global growth efforts. As
      technology integration becomes an increasingly important differentiator
      for many of our products, Gwenne’s background developing
      customer-vehicle interface software is very much in line with our
      efforts to create a connected rider. Gwenne also has experience building
      a global research and development organization, which aligns closely
      with our efforts to identify and meet the needs of underserved markets
      as we expand internationally. Gwenne’s counsel and guidance will be
      instrumental as we continue to strengthen and grow the Polaris brand.”
    

      Ms. Henricks holds a B.S. in physics and Master of Science degree in
      electrical engineering, both from Bradley University. She also earned an
      M.B.A. from the University of Illinois. She serves on the Bradley
      University Engineering Advisory Committee, the South Dakota School of
      Mines & Technology Advisory Council, and the Conference Board’s Product
      and Services Development Council.
    

About Polaris®


      Polaris is a recognized leader in the powersports industry with annual
      2014 sales of $4.5 billion. Polaris designs, engineers, manufactures and
      markets innovative, high quality off-road consumer and military
      vehicles, including all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) and the Polaris RANGER®
      and RZR® side-by-side vehicles, snowmobiles,
      motorcycles and on-road electric/hybrid powered vehicles.
    

      Polaris is among the global sales leaders for both snowmobiles and
      off-road vehicles and has established a presence in the heavyweight
      cruiser and touring motorcycle market with the Victory® and
      Indian Motorcycle® and Slingshot® brands.
      Additionally, Polaris continues to invest in the global Work and
      Transportation vehicle industry with Global Electric Motorcars (GEM),
      Goupil Industrie SA, Aixam Mega S.A.S., and internally developed
      vehicles. Polaris enhances the riding experience with a complete line of
      Polaris Engineered Parts, Accessories and Apparel, Klim branded apparel
      and ORV accessories under the Kolpin®, Cycle Country®
      and Pro Armor® brands.
    

Polaris Industries Inc. trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the
      symbol “PII”, and the Company is included in the S&P Mid-Cap 400 stock
      price index.
    

      Information about the complete line of Polaris products, apparel and
      vehicle accessories are available from authorized Polaris dealers or
      anytime at www.polaris.com.
    


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150723005235/en/
Source: Polaris Industries Inc.

Polaris Industries Inc.Marlys Knutson, 763-542-0533marlys.knutson@polaris.com











Email Alerts

Receive Email Alerts
Mobile Text Alerts

Contact
POLARIS INVESTOR RELATIONS


Share This Page













Products

Side x Side Vehicles
All-Terrain Vehicles
Victory Motorcycles
Indian Motorcycle
Snowmobiles
GEM Electric Motorcars
Parts, Apparel & Accessories
Polaris Defense
Generators




Support

Help Center
Find A Dealer
Apparel & Accessories
Brochures
Current Offers
For Dealers
Parts Catalog
Owners Manuals




Rider Community

Polaris Apps
Parts & Manuals
Snowmobile Racing
Victory Riders Association
T.R.A.I.L.S. Grant Application
Product Safety and Training Information
Off-Road Vehicles Racing
Product Safety Recalls 




Company

About Polaris
News & Events
Media
Investors
Careers
Locations





Contact Us
History & Heritage
Partnerships
Polaris Experience Center
Polaris Foundation
Environmental Commitment











Terms & Conditions
Privacy



VISIT POLARIS.COM


2017 Polaris Industries Inc.All rights reserved



Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5











