

	
        Compensation Information for Michael (Horngwei) Her , Chief Technology Officer; former Co-Chief Technology Officer; former Executive Vice President of NEULION INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Michael (Horngwei) Her 
Executive Compensation
As Chief Technology Officer; former Co-Chief Technology Officer; former Executive Vice President at NEULION INC, Michael (Horngwei) Her  made $793,180 in total compensation.  Of this total $300,000 was received as a salary, $100,000 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $393,180 was awarded as stock and $0 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Michael (Horngwei) Her ,  Chief Technology Officer; former Co-Chief Technology Officer; former Executive Vice President at NEULION INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. NEULION INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. NEULION INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


J. Christopher Wagner 
Nancy  Li 
Arthur J. McCarthy 
Ronald  Nunn 

Kanaan  Jemili 
Roy E. Reichbach 
Trevor  Renfield 






Michael (Horngwei) Her 


Base Pay$300,000
Bonus + Incentive Comp$100,000
Total Cash Compensation$400,000


Stock Award Value$393,180
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$393,180



Total Other$0



Total Compensation$793,180




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 

NeuLion Inc (NLN.TO)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: NeuLion Inc (NLN.TO)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySoftware












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				NLN.TO on Toronto Stock Exchange


				0.64CAD
3:46pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.01


					            (-1.54%)
					        






Prev Close

$0.65


Open

$0.65




Day's High

$0.65


Day's Low

$0.63




Volume

11,000


Avg. Vol

96,361




52-wk High

$1.35


52-wk Low

$0.57












					Full Description



		NeuLion, Inc. is a provider of enterprise digital video solutions. The Company offers solutions, such as the NeuLion Digital Platform, NeuLion consumer electronics (CE) Technologies and MainConcept Technologies. Its NeuLion Digital Platform is a cloud-based, fully integrated, turnkey solution that offers content owners and rightsholders a suite of digital technologies, together with services for back-end content preparation, management, delivery and monetization, in an end-to-end solution. Its NeuLion CE technologies allow CE manufacturers to provide a video experience with a screen resolution, up to Ultra High-Definition (HD)/4K, across virtually all content formats, for a range of connected devices. Its MainConcept technologies provide video/audio playback solutions that can be integrated into third-party software applications delivering plug-ins for a range of video/audio encoding, decoding and transcoding while providing audiovisual codec and format support for the video industry.
» Full Overview of NLN.TO







					Company Address



NeuLion Inc
1600 Old Country RdPLAINVIEW   NY   11803-5013
P: +1516.6228300F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Nancy Li

497,600




							 Roy Reichbach

--




							 Tim Alavathil

--




							 Horngwei Her

436,600




							 Ronald Nunn

436,600




» More Officers & Directors





					NeuLion Inc News




BRIEF-NEULION APPOINTS NEW CFO TIM ALAVATHIL

Feb 13 2017 

» More NLN.TO  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySoftware





























System and Method for Monitoring Service Provider Achievements - Her, Horng-wei 




































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    System and Method for Monitoring Service Provider Achievements                





                United States Patent Application 20070226228            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            A method for monitoring service levels of a service provider includes defining performance criteria, deploying at least one data collection agent and executing each data collection agent to monitor and collect operation data. The method further includes receiving the operation data from each data collection agent and aggregating the operation data. A level of service is then determined based on the performance criteria and the aggregated operation data. A system and computer-readable storage media for monitoring service levels of a service provider are also disclosed.        















Inventors:

                            Her, Horng-wei (St. James, NY, US)                
                            Ma, Junne (Smithtown, NY, US)                
                            Lam, Chiu Man (Plainview, NY, US)                
                            Dwyer, David C. (Rocky Point, NY, US)                
                            Chen, Kaihu (Lake Grove, NY, US)                




Application Number:

            11/419728        



Publication Date:

            09/27/2007        



Filing Date:

            05/22/2006        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 





Primary Class:

1/1 



Other Classes:

                                    707/999.01                            



International Classes:

G06F17/30; G06Q50/00; H04L12/24; H04L12/26; H04L29/06; H04L29/08; G06F11/34 





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20070226228                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20070299845LICENSE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM, LICENSE MANAGEMENT SERVER APPARATUS, INFORMATION PROCESSING APPARATUS UTILIZING A LICENSE, AND CONTROL METHOD THEREOFDecember, 2007Tokunaga20050246345System and method for configuring a storage network utilizing a multi-protocol storage applianceNovember, 2005Lent et al.20040267764Method to efficiently describe configuration settings in a standardized formatDecember, 2004Rothman et al.20090327235PRESENTING REFERENCES WITH ANSWERS IN FORUMSDecember, 2009Coladonato et al.20070179997COMPUTER BACKUP USING NATIVE OPERATING SYSTEM FORMATTED FILE VERSIONSAugust, 2007Nooning III20040172377Online document correction system using the web server techniqueSeptember, 2004Saitou et al.20090006405Using type stability to facilitate contention managementJanuary, 2009Detlefs et al.20080162487PREDICTIVE AND PROFILE LEARNING SALES AUTOMATION ANALYTICS SYSTEM AND METHODJuly, 2008Richter20080235302TRANSPARENT ALLOCATION OF A UNIQUE PER USER/TMP FSSeptember, 2008Childress et al.20050010565System and method of transforming queries based upon E/R schema into multi-dimensional expression queriesJanuary, 2005Cushing et al.20090100114Preserving a Query Plan CacheApril, 2009Bestgen et al. 













Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            Baker, Botts L. L. P. (2001 ROSS AVENUE, SUITE 600, DALLAS, TX, 75201-2980, US)                





Claims:

            What is claimed is:
                1. A method for monitoring service provider performance, comprising: defining performance criteria; deploying at least one data collection agent; executing each data collection agent to monitor and collect operation data; receiving the operation data from each data collection agent; aggregating the operation data; determining a level of service based on the performance criteria and the aggregated operation data.                    
                    2. The method of claim 1 wherein the performance criteria is scalable based on the number of data collection agents.                    
                    3. The method of claim 1 wherein the performance criteria includes criteria associated with a group of users.                    
                    4. The method of claim 1 wherein the performance criteria includes criteria associated with a business function.                    
                    5. The method of claim 1, further comprising deploying at least one additional data collection agent.                    
                    6. The method of claim 1, further comprising removing at least one data collection agent from service.                    
                    7. The method of claim 1, further comprising converting at least a portion of the operation data based on a regional time zone associated with the portion of the operation data.                    
                    8. The method of claim 1 further comprising exporting the aggregated operation data to a third party integrator.                    
                    9. The method of claim 8, further including generating a published interface for the aggregated operation data.                    
                    10. A system for monitoring service provider performance, comprising: means for defining performance criteria: means for monitoring and collecting operation data; means for receiving operation data; means for aggregating the operation data; and means for determining a level of service based on the performance criteria and the aggregated operation data.                    




Description:

RELATED APPLICATIONS This application claims priority to U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/270,043 filed Feb. 20, 2001, entitled “System and Method For Monitoring Service Levels of an Application Service Provider”, which is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.TECHNICAL FIELD The present application generally relates to the field of monitoring information over a network. More specifically, the present application relates to systems and methods for monitoring service provider performance in network based service hosting environments. BACKGROUND Network based service hosting is a business model, in which one company offers software hosting services, e.g., application hosting services, to other companies, so that those companies no longer have to support software and hardware used to perform business related operations. In such a business relationship, the service to be provided and the quality of service to be performed are defined in a contractual document called a service level agreement (“SLA”). Businesses that offers such services are typically referred to as service providers. In traditional service provider business relationships, the service provider's compensation is based on flat fee arrangements. Service provider customers currently measure their provider in terns of system up-time, bandwidth, scalability, security and problem resolution. Further, it is anticipated that in the future service provider customers will measure their providers in terms of, for example, cost savings, cycle time reduction, customer retention and supply chain efficiency. In order for a service provider to convince customers or potential customers that it has satisfied or can satisfy specified service tasks and levels of service quality,. the service provider is often. asked to provide evidence that the services provided have been consistent with the SLA. Without credible evidence, enforcement of the SLA becomes difficult, and thus customers are reluctant to stay in such business relationships or to enter into such business relationships. A need therefore exists for methods and systems that monitor service provider performance and facilitate a translation of such performance to customer expectations. SUMMARY The present .application provides methods and systems for monitoring service provider performance in a computer processing environment. According to one aspect of the disclosure, a method for monitoring service provider performance is disclosed. The method includes. defining performance criteria and deploying at least one data collection agent. Each deployed data collection agent is executed to monitor and collect operation data, and the operation data from each of the data collection agents is received and aggregated. The method further includes determining a level of service based on the performance criteria and the aggregated operation data. A system for monitoring service provider performance is also disclosed. The system includes a means for defining performance criteria and a means for collecting data. Each deployed data collection agent is executed to monitor and collect operation data, and the operation data from-each of the data collection agents is received and aggregated. The method further includes determining a level of service based on the performance criteria and the aggregated operation data. Computer-readable storage media are also disclosed which include processing instructions for implementing certain disclosed methods. The disclosed systems and methods enable managing, metering and reporting service levels of a service provider. The objects, features and advantages of the proposed method and system are readily apparent from the following description of the preferred embodiments when taken in connection with the accompanying drawings.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS For a more complete understanding of the described systems and methods, reference is now made to the following description taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings in which like reference numbers indicate like features and wherein: FIG. 1 is a block diagram illustrating an exemplary service provider system; FIG. 2 is a block diagram illustrating a system for monitoring the performance of a service provider in accordance with one embodiment of the disclosure: FIG. 3 is a block diagram illustrating components one embodiment of the data director of FIG. 2; FIG. 4 is a functional block diagram of a process for monitoring service provider performance including service level management and service metering methodologies in accordance with one embodiment of the present disclosure. FIG. 5 is an exemplary flow diagram of a service metering methodology for monitoring the performance of a service provider in accordance with one embodiment of the disclosed method; and FIG. 6 is an exemplary menu hierarchy of one embodiment of a service level management application.DETAILED DESCRIPTION FIG. 1 is an exemplary service provider system that includes service level management, service metering and billing applications that can be interactively used to set up a service provider relationship with customers, monitor the achievements of the service provider and the billing of customers based on the achievements met by the service provider. The service provider system according to the present disclosure can be utilized for any type of network based service provider. Examples of such include internet service providers (ISP's), application service providers (ASP's) and management service providers (MSP's). The relationship between the service provider and the customer is defined by an agreement known as a service level agreement (SLA). An SLA is a contract between a service provider and a customer that outlines the service or services to be provided and the level at which such service is to be provided. That is, the SLA defines the rights and responsibilities of the service provider and the customer regarding the service to be provided. Typically, in the service provider system according to the present disclosure, the service provider agrees to provide certain specified levels of service, and the customer agrees to compensate the service provider based on the level of service actually provided. Within or associated with an SLA is a list of one or more conditions or objectives, known as service level objectives (SLOs) , that define the level of service the service provider agrees to provide to the customer. Examples of such objectives include service provider system availability and accessibility, and metrics associated with- the performance of the services to be performed. The SLO are generally based on the level of service desired or required by the customer and the levels of service that the service provider is able or willing to provide. it should be noted that the SLOs may vary depending upon the service being provided and possible the terms of the SLA. Referring now to FIG. 4, the methods and systems disclosed herein employ methodologies for service level management and service metering which can be used to -monitor the performance of service providers in relation to a service level agreement. A Service Level Agreement (SLA) is a contract between a client/tenant and a service provider that outlines the service to be provided and the quality of the service to be provided by the provider. The methods and systems described herein can be utilized for any type of network based service provider. Examples of such include internet service providers (ISP's), application service providers (ASP's) and management service providers (MSP's). Early in the service provider—customer relationship, the service provider and the customer typically determine the Service Level Objectives (405). Service Level Objectives (SLO) are a list of operation conditions that define the quality of services to be provided, such as for example, the availability, accessibility and performance of the services to be performed. The SLO are generally based on the level of service desired or required by the customer. and the levels of service that the service provider is able or willing to provide. The SLO form the basis for a SLA between the service provider and the customer (410). The SLA defines the rights and responsibilities of the service provider and the customer regarding the service to be provided. Typically, the service provider is obligated to provide certain specified levels of service, and the customer is obligated to pay the service provider based on the level of service actually provided. In order to objectively evaluate the level of service provided by the service provider. the service provider and customer define a set of quantifiable performance criteria in accordance with the SLO and SLA (415). Typically, the performance criteria is designed to ensure that the customer is provided with a level of service above or below a certain minimum threshold. For example, the customer may request service within a particular maximum response time, or the customer may request that an application be accessible for a minimum amount of time per day. Further, the performance criteria should be designed to include events or conditions that can be documented or otherwise verified so that the customer and service provider can be satisfied with the service provider - customer relationship. Once the service levels and performance criteria have been defined, a service monitoring procedure is implemented (420) and the service is monitored, accordingly (425). The service is monitored throughout the term of the SLA and analyzed in view of the performance criteria (430). Once the actual level of service is determined, the service provider may be renumerated based on the value of the service, as defined in the SLA (435). Referring now to FIG. 5. a flow diagram of the service level management methodology in accordance with the present disclosure. The service level management methodology (which can be implemented by a software based service level manager) defines the performance criteria (505) from the SLA. The service level management application performs the functions of blocks 405-415, resulting in defined performance criteria. The defined performance criteria may relate to any number of a variety of metrics that may measure performance. In one embodiment, the performance criteria may relate, for example, to criteria associated with a specific group of users, a particular business function or a specific application. The service metering software application performs the functions of blocks 420-435 illustrated in FIG. 4. The service metering software application includes one or more data collection agents that are deployed throughout the system to be monitored (510). Each data collection agent is configured to monitor the operation of at least a portion the system based on the performance criteria, and collect operation data for use in evaluating the system performance (515). Throughout the term of the SLA, each data collection agent periodically transmits the collected operation data to a data director 215, discussed in greater detail with reference to FIG. 3, which receives and aggregates the collected operation data (520). The service metering software application analyzes the performance of the service by applying the performance criteria to the aggregated operation data (525), and a value of the service is determined (530). The application of the performance criteria to the aggregated operation data may be accomplished in any of a number of ways depending on the nature of the aggregated operation data obtained. For example, if the aggregated operation data represents an average of operating values, it may be compared to a minimum acceptable average defined by the performance criteria. In another example, if the aggregated operation data represents the presence or absence of an unacceptable operating condition, the aggregated operation data may be tested in accordance with the performance criteria. The value of the service may be reported to the service provider and/or the customer in a number of ways. For example, the service provider may receive the value of the service and may incorporate the value into a billing statement provided to the customer. Alternatively, the value of the service, the performance criteria and/or the aggregated operation data may be incorporated into a hardcopy report that may be provided to both the service provider. and the customer. Operating Environment Referring now to FIG. 2, a block diagram of an exemplary service provider system for monitoring service provider performance is provided. Generally, the system includes a data repository 235, a service level management application 245, and a service metering application 250 that communicate through an application integration bus 230. The service level management application 245 stores and/or retrieves data defining the service level agreement, service level objectives and performance criteria to and/or from the data repository 235. The application integration bus 230 of the system 200 is capable of storing information to and retrieving information from a variety of disparate sources including, for example, the data repository 235, and billing application 240. The application integration bus 230 is an infrastructure that facilitates communication between different computer programs in a consistent and reliable manner. An example of a suitable application integration bus is the CA Common Services application, formerly known as Jasmineii, manufactured by Computer Associates International Inc., Islandia, N.Y. The service metering application 250 includes one or more data collection agents 205 that monitor the metrics associated with the performance criteria and collect system operation data. Each data collection agent 205 may utilize different technology to collect data according to predetermined metrics. For example, a data collection agent 205 may monitor CPU usage of a workstation while another data collection agent 205 may monitor an application's failure rate. Data collected by one agent can be used for one or many metrics. The amount of operation data collected by the data collection agents 205 is scalable based on the number of data collection agents 205 associated with the system. Data collection agents 205 may be deployed when the system is originally configured, or may be added or removed dynamically during operation of the system. Each data collection agent 205 of the service metering application 250 may be configured to monitor a specific component or group of components in the service provider architecture. Examples of the categories of components that may be monitored include, for example, applications, platforms, operational components and/or network components. There may be sub-categories of components for which metrics are monitored that are different from or more detailed than the basic category. For example, there may be several sub-categories in the applications category, such as an E-mail sub-package, an ERP sub-package, or an accounting package, to name a few. The definition of each category or sub-category enables the service metering application 250 to monitor application specific metrics, which may only be available from a particular type of application. The operation data collected by the one or more data collection agents 205 is forwarded to a data director 215. The data director 215 receives the operation data from the data collection agents 205, performs an initial level of data aggregation and generates SLO for particular metrics. In addition to aggregating the operation data, data director 215 may also redirect raw or consolidated data/events to other components, such as billing application 240 and/or service level management application 245. The redirected data may pass through the application integration bus 230, or may be transmitted to a third party integrator 225 through, for example, a publish and subscribe model interface. The data director 215 further provides management and configuration capability to data collection agent(s) 205 within the package and provides feedback to a management system regarding the status of components. The illustrated system includes a single data director 215, but alternative embodiments may include more than one data director 215 depending on the number of data collection agents 205 and the workload. The illustrated system further shows that the data director 215 has its own temporary database 220 for storing small interval. aggregated data. The service metering application 250 can operate in a standalone mode for limited data-gathering for a service provider, or it can work in an integrated data feed mode for other products such as billing application 240 and service level management application 245. The service metering application 250 may include an interface to pull data from the data director 215 for batch processing or in a register callback mode to push data out to a requester for real time events. For billing application 240, usage data or billable data may be available from different sources. in one embodiment, the output is in XML to provide a flexible data exchange format. For service level management application 245, initial aggregated operation data may be available for to evaluate the SLA. Certain SLO violation events may also be available. In the illustrated embodiment, the service metering application 250 is well suited for an ASP aggregator because data can be transferred from multiple ASP's to the aggregator in XML format through the application integration bus 230. The service metering application 250 also includes technology to help a client verify the quality of service provided by a service provider, such as, for example, user response time and system accessibility. The service metering application 250 may also provide sample SLA templates using the predefined SLO's from a base package. The data collector master 260 (“DC Master”) is a system component that is responsible for monitoring requests from the data collectors 205 to the data director 215. The DC Master 260 reports heartbeat information to the data director 215, and can start. stop or reset any data collector 205 based on command(s) from a configuration manager 425 of the data director 230. Every data collector 215 is monitored by a DC Master 260. Although a single DC Master 260 is illustrated, a system may include more than one DC Master 260 to accommodate a higher-workload. Referring now to FIG. 3, there is illustrated a more detailed view of the data director 215. In the illustrated embodiment, data director 215 includes HTTP server 305, CGI Script 310 and configuration manager 315. HTTP server 305 may be conventional web server, and it facilitates communication with data collection agent(s) 205 and/or third party integrator 225. Configuration manager 315 is responsible for handling requests from service level management application 245 and billing application 240 received via the application interface bus 230. Configuration manager is further responsible for managing the aggregation of. operation data and the transfer of raw and aggregated operation data to the data repository 235. The aggregation and transfer of operation data is actually performed by CGI script 310 at. the direction of configuration manager 315. The CGI script 310 further handles data requests to and from the service metering application 250, and maintains the integrity of the data repository 235 after every interval, for example, deleting outdated data. External access to data repository 235 is also managed by configuration manager 315. An authorized party, such as third party integrator 225, may request access to the data repository via configuration manager 315. Such access may be provided via an HTTP or other communication means, and may be subject to certain security procedures, such as providing a login ID and password. Service Level Management Overview The service level management application 245 is designed for a service provider environment and enables management of business objectives and transactions, not just of system resources. It also provides role-based views to interface with the application. To perform these business activities, the service level management application 245 utilizes and maintains business objects, such as for example, contracts between a customer and a service provider. The application allows an ASP administrator, for example, to create customized SLA offering packages, handle the contract and offering package changes, define new users and user groups, and remove a user from the system, among other things. The described service level management application is designed to apply to a variety of aspects of a service provider's business model, and it offers a number of features from a user's point of view. For example, a user can define a combination of service level goals, or may simply select from a pre-defined list. Another exemplary feature of the service level management application is that it supports negotiation of the SLA. If the service provider desires, the user can have the freedom to define multiple aspects of the SLA, including, for example, service level goals, legal terms, fees and operation exceptions. Yet another feature is that a user can sign up multiple contracts for different user groupings. or business functions. From a administrator's point of view, the application supports management of users and user groups. SLA contract administration and management is also supported, enabling a-service 30′ . provider to offer many different contract templates. The service level management application further supports branding, enabling a service provider to brand all the SLA GUI and reports with a customer's identity. The service level management application handles a variety of SLO syntax and logic. In addition, the application components are self-managed, with detailed logging and “progress pointers” built in. In case of system failure, the system can recover and continue the data processing without losing any data. The described service level management application is designed to fulfill the need for a service provider to provide a precise SLA offering to its customers. The system supports the end-to-end operation of this business offering. The application interfaces with a service-metering software application to gather usage, performance and operation information, preserve objective service level data, and process. the SLO's based on the contract. The application also interfaces with the customer of the system to present a precise SLA statement through reports. The application is scalable from a very small. service provider setup, to an extremely large service provider operation. In one embodiment, such scalability is achieved using a distributed and parallel processing design to allow multiple components to work together to complete the data processing. Role-based SLA Processing A number of different configurations are possible based on the role of the user. The service level management application processes the related information, and presents the SLA reports. The application supports a number of business relationships between a service provider and, for example, an end-user, and enterprise organization, another service provider, an ASP aggregator, an ISP/NSP, an ISV, or a system vendor. Distributed Processing Engine The service level management application can be deployed to a service provider of any size. Typically, the application will be deployed to a single machine, which accesses the service metering database locally or remotely. In a larger environment, it-is possible that-a single computer will not have enough throughput to complete schedule tasks. The application enables partitioning of the contract data and assigning some data to a distributed SLA engine for processing. A single contract and service definition database may serve this distributed environment so the system does not need to perform difficult synchronization functions among multiple databases. The SLA engine is designed to process the user subscribed SLO's in near real-time fashion. Shortly after an SLO violation occurs, the application generates an event. Further, the transactions and processes performed by the SLA system may be audited and archived. In the SLA components, the transactions and processing logic is logged in persistent storage before they are processed. Then the process will “sign off” each completed task. This provides the system with a “pointer” of what needs to be processed next. This enables the system be able to recover from a failure without losing or redundantly processing important information. Provisioning In some cases, it may be necessary to periodically update the SLA. SLA provisioning can be achieved easily by changing data in the service definition and subscription data tables which contain definitions of metrics to be monitored and associated time frames. The provisioned changes will take effect immediately following the changes. In another words, the SLA provisioning can be achieved in a real-time fashion. In some cases, since the SLA correlates to a contract, it might be better to implement the provisioning operations at the expiration point of the previous contract, rather than replace the expired contract with the new contract. This situation might also apply to the SLO/metric calculation, threshold values, and service monitoring. The service level management application 245 is able to fulfill both of these cases. Contract Break Points Certain changes, such as, for example, changes in the subscription contents, service definition, contract detail or period may effect an SLA report or contract before a contract period expires. To accommodate such changes, the service level management application can register a proper “break point” in the calendar that marks the termination of the existing SLA/contract and starting of the new one. When the application generates the reports, or reviews the contract service level, based on the break point, the application may generate two insistences of outcomes: one for the detail before the change and one for the detail after the change. if necessary, both outcomes may be pro-rated based on the time to reflect the true values of the monitored result. Time Zones The service level management application handles multiple time zones driven by an SLA contract, thereby supporting all users in a consistent way regardless of geography. Since a service provider often provides services on a global network, its service may span several geographic locations and operational models. It is possible that a service provider will have a user using the service from any country in the world. There are many possible approaches to handle time zone issues based on a user's geographic location. One embodiment of the service level management application synchronizes of the interval timestamps to GMT time. Then, based on the service provider “base” user's time zone, the service provider performs all the necessary clock calculations. For example, assume a user of a service provider signs up a main location in New York. Assume farther that there is a single contract with an SLO that only requires monitoring between 9 am and 5 pm EST. When this user travels to the west coast and accesses the service provider, the service provider may still base performance on the east coast time zone to operate its logic, regardless of whether the user is actually using the service in a different time zone. Operation Outage Exclusion The service level management application handles scheduled operation outages, such as on weekends and holidays. If an outage happens during those excluded periods, the “availability” calculation may-exclude those periods in the calculation formula. Support of Compound SLO Syntax In most cases, an SLO might look like: 

“For App [A], metric [M] will not [operator] than [threshold] based on [interval]” 
In some cases the statement above will simply serve as a “first step” of the SLO violation, with another operation dependent upon this state. For example, a violation may be defined as: 

“For App [A], metric [M] will not [operator] than [threshold] based on [interval]” AND “When this situation happens [T] times in [interval]” 
Another example of an SLO violation definition is: 

“For App [A], metric [MI] will not [operator1] than [threshold1] based on [interval]“AND ” For App [A], metric [M2] will not [operator2] than [threshold2] based on [interval2]” 
The SLA engine is able to handle both cases. Further, the engine is able to handle any practical number of layers of thresholds and interval checking. Flexible Offering Packaging The service level management application provides a service provider administrator the ability to build customized SLO offering packages by grouping metrics, and assigning SLO thresholds and values. The application further enables an ASP to create bundles and pricing schemes to fit the service provider's business goals. in an extreme case, the service provider can even offer a “free form” SLO Packages that gives the service provider user full flexibility for negotiation. Web-based GUIs Separate GUIs are available for different users of this system, depending on their roles. FIG. 6 is a menu hierarchy that illustrates an example of the actions that may be taken and the roles that may be defined within the service level management application. Reporting The disclosed method and system support web-based SLA reporting to document the performance of a service provider application. Most reports are be prepared at the end of a contract interval to report the service level to the subscribers. Reports supported by the disclosed method and system include, for example, a violation report that contains details regarding SLO violations and measured data values; an SLA Contract report that describes the SLA from a single contract perspective. and a performance report that provides details of performance based on measured data values. FIGS. 7 and 8 illustrate examples of the types of reports that are supported by the disclosed system. SLA System Capacity According to the described SLA engine, the SLO/metric processing capabilities may be extended by applying additional service-metering packages. Each service-metering package may define additional monitor technologies and supported metrics. A well defined metric definition document is also supplied by each additional service-metering package, which can be applied to the SLA system. Service Metering Overview In one embodiment, the service metering software application 250 is responsible for performing the functions of blocks 420-435. The service metering software- application 250 enables a service provider, and its customers, to gauge the usage and performance of its system. The service metering application 250 also provides substantial data for quantitative analysis, .which reflects the activity of the system. The service metering application 250 may employ any data collection technique(s) which allow the application lo gather useful information from a variety of sources and from different applications. The service metering application 250 may include a number of pre-defined SLO's to reflect the type of data collected throughout the system. It can be used by ASP aggregator to calculate metrics from multiple ASP's. It can also be used as verification tools for a client and to verify the quality of services provided by a service provider. The service metering application 250 includes at least one data collection agent 205 and a data director 215. The data collection agent(s) 205 include technology to gather information for multiple metrics including, for example, real time events, transaction data and raw data. Currently, many service providers charge their clients according to a flat fee. With the described service metering application 250, a service provider may differentiate the level of quality service provided to its client. For example, a service provider may charge by usage of time, number of transactions, duration, or number of bytes transferred. Typically, customers measure their service providers in terms of uptime, bandwidth, scalability, security and problem resolution. In the future, customers may wish to measure their providers in terms of cost savings, cycle-time reduction, and customer retention and supply chain efficiency. The service metering application 250 enables a service provider to match up with present and future customer expectations. The exemplary service level manage and service metering applications enable management and metering of system resources according to certain categories, such as, for example, application, platform, operation and network. Although the disclosed systems and methods have been described in terms of specific embodiments and applications, persons skilled in the art can, in light of this teaching, generate additional embodiments, including various changes, substitutions and alterations, without exceeding the scope or departing from the spirit of the disclosure. Accordingly, it is to be understood that the drawing and description in this disclosure are proffered to facilitate comprehension of the systems and methods, and should not be construed to limit the scope thereof.  





 

Previous Patent: Method and apparatus for delivering managed applications to remote locationsNext Patent: METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR CLASS-BASED MANAGEMENT OF DYNAMIC CONTENT IN A NETWORKED ENVIRONMENT











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 













NeuLion (TSE:NLN) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































NeuLion Company Profile (TSE:NLN)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About NeuLion (TSE:NLN)
NeuLion, Inc. is a provider of enterprise digital video solutions. The Company offers solutions, such as the NeuLion Digital Platform, NeuLion consumer electronics (CE) Technologies and MainConcept Technologies. Its NeuLion Digital Platform is a cloud-based, fully integrated, turnkey solution that offers content owners and rightsholders a suite of digital technologies, together with services for back-end content preparation, management, delivery and monetization, in an end-to-end solution. Its NeuLion CE technologies allow CE manufacturers to provide a video experience with a screen resolution, up to Ultra High-Definition (HD)/4K, across virtually all content formats, for a range of connected devices. Its MainConcept technologies provide video/audio playback solutions that can be integrated into third-party software applications delivering plug-ins for a range of video/audio encoding, decoding and transcoding while providing audiovisual codec and format support for the video industry. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: N/A
Industry: N/A
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: TSE:NLN
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.neulion.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: C$177.24 millionOutstanding Shares: 276,937,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: C$0.65200 Day Moving Avg: C$0.8452 Week Range: C$0.57 - C$1.35


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AP/E Growth: 0.00Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: C$97.35 millionPrice / Sales: 1.82Book Value: C$0.37 per sharePrice / Book: 1.73


Profitability:EBIDTA: C$3.41 millionNet Margins: -7.91%Return on Equity: -7.29%Return on Assets: -5.21%Misc:Average Volume: 84,724 shs.Short Ratio: 5.69

 

Frequently Asked Questions for NeuLion (TSE:NLN)
What is NeuLion's stock symbol?

NeuLion trades on the Tornton Stock Exchange (TSX) under the ticker symbol "NLN."



When will NeuLion make its next earnings announcement?

NeuLion is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Wednesday, August, 2nd 2017. View Earnings Estimates for NeuLion.



Who are some of NeuLion's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to NeuLion include Trilogy International Partners (TRL), Denison Mines Corp (DML), Teranga Gold Corp (TGZ), MCAN Mortgage (MKP), BlackPearl Resources (PXX), Atlantic Power Corp (ATP), Mainstreet Equity Corp. (MEQ), Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd (WDO), Information Services Corp (ISV), Firm Capital Mortgage Investment Corp (FC), Asanko Gold (AKG), Gdi Integrated Facility Services (GDI), Belo Sun Mining Corp (BSX), Golden Star Resources (GSC), Absolute Software (ABT), Perseus Mining Ltd (PRU), Acadian Timber Corp (ADN) and Cona Resources Ltd (NBZ).



Who are NeuLion's key executives?

NeuLion's management team includes the folowing people: Nancy Li, Executive Chairman of the BoardRoy E. Reichbach, President, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorTim Alavathil, Chief Financial OfficerHorngwei Her, Executive Vice President - Research and Development, Co- Chief Technology OfficerRonald Nunn, Executive Vice President - Business OperationsJ. Christopher Wagner, Executive Vice President - Marketplace StrategyEric Grab, Co-Chief Technology OfficerJohn Anthony Coelho, DirectorCharles B. Wang, DirectorGabriel A. Battista, Independent Director



How do I buy NeuLion stock? 

Shares of NeuLion and other Canadian stocks can be purchased through online brokerage accounts that support trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). Brokers that permit trading on the TSX include Fidelity, Interactive Brokers, PennTrade and Charles Schwab.



What is NeuLion's stock price today?

One share of NeuLion stock can currently be purchased for approximately C$0.64.


MarketBeat Community Rating for NeuLion (TSE NLN)Community Ranking:  3.0 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  53 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  35 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  88MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about NeuLion and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for NeuLion (TSE:NLN) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 2 Hold RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.00)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for NeuLion (TSE:NLN)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetDetails11/4/2016CormarkDowngradeBuy -> Market Perform8/5/2016Beacon SecuritiesDowngradeBuy -> Hold3/8/2016Cantor FitzgeraldReiterated RatingBuy3/4/2016WunderlichBoost Price TargetBuyC$1.30 -> C$1.50(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for NeuLion (TSE:NLN)Earnings History by Quarter for NeuLion (TSE NLN)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/2/2017($0.01)N/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for NeuLion (TSE:NLN)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: ($0.03)QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20171($0.01)($0.01)($0.01)Q2 20171($0.01)($0.01)($0.01)Q3 20171($0.01)($0.01)($0.01)Q4 20171$0.00$0.00$0.00(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for NeuLion (TSE:NLN)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for NeuLion (TSE:NLN)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for NeuLion (TSE:NLN)


Latest Headlines for NeuLion (TSE:NLN)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineNeuLion Inc (NLN) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesdaywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 4:59 PMToday's Research Reports on TVA GROUP Inc., Stingray Digital Group Inc., DHX Media Ltd. and NeuLion, Inc.finance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 4:51 AMNeuLion, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : NLN-CA : July 18, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 19 at 12:18 AMLG Electronics Renews License Agreement with NeuLion for Integration of NeuLion CE SDK for 4K Live Streamingfinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 6:21 AMNeuLion, Inc. – Value Analysis (TORONTO:NLN) : July 6, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 7 at 7:37 AMNeuLion, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : NLN-CA : July 5, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 5 at 8:55 AMNeuLion Announces Annual Meeting Results for Director Electionsfinance.yahoo.com - June 1 at 7:40 PMResearch Analysts Offer Predictions for NeuLion Inc's FY2017 Earnings (NLN)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 15 at 8:28 AMNeuLion Inc Forecasted to Earn FY2018 Earnings of $0.00 Per Share (NLN)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 12 at 5:14 PMNeuLion Reports First Quarter 2017 Revenue of $23.9 Millionfinance.yahoo.com - May 9 at 6:28 PMNeuLion's MainConcept Business Signs Multi-Codec Deal For Snell Advanced Media's Broadcast Solutions - Yahoo Financefinance.yahoo.com - April 29 at 7:18 PMNeuLion Announces Date of First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Quarterly Webcastfinance.yahoo.com - April 28 at 8:55 AMNeuLion’s MainConcept Business Signs Multi-Codec Deal For Snell Advanced Media’s Broadcast Solutionsfinance.yahoo.com - April 27 at 9:58 AMNeuLion MC Encoder V2.5 Adds Live HEVC 4K 10-bit Encoding for Linux Serversfinance.yahoo.com - April 25 at 10:30 AMNeuLion Integrates Intel® Software Guard Extensions Into Its UHD Streaming Solutionfinance.yahoo.com - April 24 at 5:46 PMNeuLion and Nokia Announce Real Time End-to-End, Live VR Streaming Partnership Enabling Professional 360 VR Production, Delivery and Monetizationfinance.yahoo.com - April 21 at 9:36 AMNeuLion Solves The OTT Marketing Challengefinance.yahoo.com - April 18 at 10:09 AMNeuLion Offers Opportunistic Entry Into Video Streamingfinance.yahoo.com - April 17 at 9:55 AMNAB Show® Partners With NeuLionfinance.yahoo.com - April 13 at 6:35 PMNeuLion Powers 2017 Canadian Hockey League Playoffsfinance.yahoo.com - March 28 at 6:38 PMResearch Reports Initiated on Communication Services Stocks NeuLion, Rogers Communications, and Quebecorfinance.yahoo.com - March 24 at 8:48 AMNeuLion Reports Fiscal 2016 Revenue of $99.8 Millionfinance.yahoo.com - March 1 at 6:57 PMQ4 2016 NeuLion Inc Earnings Release - After Market Closebiz.yahoo.com - March 1 at 10:38 AMResearch Reports Initiated on Communication Services Stocks NeuLion, Quebecor, Manitoba Telecom Services, and Rogers Communicationsfinance.yahoo.com - February 23 at 8:57 AMLSU Sports Properties and NeuLion Announce Launch of New LSU Tigers Digital Destinationfinance.yahoo.com - February 16 at 6:25 PMNeuLion Announces New Chief Financial Officerfinance.yahoo.com - February 13 at 8:01 PMNeuLion Announces Date of Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results and Quarterly Webcast - Benzingawww.benzinga.com - February 9 at 5:47 AMNeuLion Announces Date of Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results and Quarterly Webcastfinance.yahoo.com - February 7 at 9:22 PMNeuLion and University of New Orleans Announce Multi-Year Partnershipfinance.yahoo.com - February 2 at 7:44 PMSeminole State College Selects NeuLion to Power New Digital Servicefinance.yahoo.com - January 26 at 11:23 PMThe Southern Conference and NeuLion Announce Multi-Year Extension of Partnershipfinance.yahoo.com - January 24 at 7:50 AMNeuLion and INsight TV Form Ultra HD Entertainment Partnership - Benzingawww.benzinga.com - December 23 at 12:15 AMNeuLion's MainConcept Business Licenses Codecs to MAGIX for Their Professional VEGAS Video Editing Product Linefinance.yahoo.com - December 14 at 7:33 PM


Social





Chart
NeuLion (NLN) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff














































iCan SP, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:47 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of iCan SP, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ICan SP, Inc. provides infrastructure software for the hosted-application environment. ICan was created to capitalize on the enormous potential of the xSP marketplace and to catalyze its development. Not an application service provider (ASP) itself, the company specializes in creating enabling technologies that minimize ASP entry and operation costs, while empowering ASPs to provide more reliable, higher-quality service. These technologies enable ASPs to reduce their time-to-market for new products, while differentiating the quality of their offerings from other service providers. ICan SP, Inc. was formerly known as iCan-ASP, Inc. The company is based in Islandia, New York. ICan SP, Inc. ope...
ICan SP, Inc. provides infrastructure software for the hosted-application environment. ICan was created to capitalize on the enormous potential of the xSP marketplace and to catalyze its development. Not an application service provider (ASP) itself, the company specializes in creating enabling technologies that minimize ASP entry and operation costs, while empowering ASPs to provide more reliable, higher-quality service. These technologies enable ASPs to reduce their time-to-market for new products, while differentiating the quality of their offerings from other service providers. ICan SP, Inc. was formerly known as iCan-ASP, Inc. The company is based in Islandia, New York. ICan SP, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of CA, Inc.
Detailed Description


2950 Express Drive SouthIslandia, NY 11749United States



Phone: 631-904-3000

Fax: 631-904-3003








Key Executives for iCan SP, Inc.




Ms. Nancy Li


      	Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Jean Paul Corriveau


      	Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales
      








Mr. Horngwei Her


      	Executive Vice President of Research and Development
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Ronald M. E. Nunn


      	Executive Vice President of Business Operations
      


Age: 64
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact iCan SP, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























MultiCam Southeast | CNC Plasma, CNC Laser, CNC Waterjet, CNC Router Bits



 















(Formerly Advanced Machine Tools)



Customer Service: 770-831-1998







Home
Products
About Us
Contact Us












Shop by Category








CNC Machines


CNC Software


CNC Router Bits


Collets/Tool Holders


Wrenches & Tools


Heaters & Coolers


Material Handling




 







Her-Saf CNC Router Bits and Tooling
Advanced Machine Tools is proud to be an authorized distributor of Her-Saf brand CNC router bits and tooling.  We have carried Her-Saf products since 1998 and maintain a substantial inventory of Her-Saf insert cutters and router bits.  Our employees are trained to provide our customers with expert advice regarding Her-Saf tooling selection. We have several CNC routers on site at AMT’s technology centers where we perform test cutting.  Shop for Her-Saf CNC router bits and insert cutters in our online store today.

Her-Saf’s screw-on design allows the router bits to be changed quickly and easily. Just screw off one cutter and screw on another. The arbor acts as a positive stop, ensuring the same depth of cut when changing cutters. Most of Her-Saf’s cutters have a reverse helix, or downward shear, for clean cuts. The open throat design cleans out the dado/groove as it is being cut. High grade micrograin carbide is used for extending the life of the cutter and expanding its uses. Her-Saf router bits are available in a wide array of sizes . undersize and oversize and in-between sizes.
Her-Saf router bits are being put to work on CNC machines, door machines, hand held routers, panel routers, inverted routers, mortising machines, and the list continues to grow.
Her-Saf router bits are being used to cut hardwoods, plastics, wood, solid surface materials, layered materials, special surfaced plywoods, processed wood materials, aluminum, and more.











Browse our CNC routers, CNC plasma, CNC waterjet, CNC laser, and CNC knife machines.










 © 2017 AMT Op Co, LLC        
















Videos










































Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.








 FREE SAMPLE ALL ORDERS · FREE SHIPPING $40+ ORDERS · FREE GIFT $50+ ORDERS








Email Signup 


Order Status

Membership





Carol's Daughter









Bag
(0)




        Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
        
    










Order Status




Sign In











Bag
(0)




        Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
        
    









Search
























Hair Products




Show All



    Product Type



Best Sellers


Value Sets


Sulfate-Free Shampoos


Conditioners


Leave-In Conditioners


Combing Cremes


Hair Masks


Hair Oils


Treatments


Hairdress


Protective Stylers


Hair Moisturizers


Styling


Kids





    Concern



Color Treated


Curl Health


Curls, Coils, Kinks & Waves


Damaged Hair


Detangler


Dry Hair


Frizzy Hair


Hair Breakage


Purify & Detox


Thinning Hair





    Collection



Almond Milk – Daily Damage Repair


Black Vanilla – Moisture & Shine


CD4Kids – More Manageable


Cupuaçu – Anti-Frizz


Hair Milk – Nourishing & Conditioning


Lisa's Hair Elixir – Scalp & Hair Health


Marula – Curl Therapy


Mimosa Hair Honey – Protective Styles


Mirabelle Plum – Fullness & Hydration


Monoi – Repairing


Monoi Ora – Repair + Volume


Pracaxi Nectar – Styling by Nature


Rhassoul Clay – Active Living Haircare


Sacred Tiare – Anti-Breakage













Body Care




Show All



    Product Type



Best Sellers


Value Sets


Body Washes & Soap


Body Moisturizers


Hand & Foot Care


Body Sprays





    Concern



Dry Skin


Dry, Dull Skin


Extra-Dry Skin


All Skin Types





    Collection



Almond Cookie


Ecstasy


Karité Coco


Monoi Body


Ocean Flowers


Pomegranate Rose


Vanilla Marshmallow













Skin Care




Show All



    Product Type



Best Sellers


Facial Cleansers


Face Moisturizers


Toners





    Skin Concern



Normal to Dry


Oily, Over-active





    Skin Collection



Açai – Clarifying


Açai – Hydrating













Collections




Show All



    Hair



Almond Milk – Daily Damage Repair


Black Vanilla – Moisture & Shine


CD4Kids – More Manageable


Cupuaçu – Anti–Frizz


Hair Milk – Nourishing & Conditioning


Lisa's Hair Elixir – Scalp & Hair Health


Marula – Curl Therapy


Mimosa Hair Honey – Protective Styles


Mirabelle Plum – Fullness & Hydration


Monoi – Repairing


Monoi Ora – Repair + Volume


Pracaxi Nectar – Styling by Nature


Rhassoul Clay – Active Living Haircare


Sacred Tiare – Anti-Breakage





    Body



Almond Cookie


Ecstasy


Monoi Body


Ocean


Pomegranate Rose


Vanilla Marshmallow





    Skin



Açai – Clarifying


Açai – Hydrating













Offers




Show All



    Special Offers



Sale


Last Call


New Arrivals


Travel Size


Body Sweepstakes


Items $10 or Less





    Value Sets



Sets Under $25


Sets $25-$49.99


Sets $50 and Up





    Featured Shops



Accessible Beauty


Affordable Luxury











Blog




Show All



    Hair



All Hairstyles


Natural Hairstyles


Curly Hairstyles


Kids Hairstyles


Short Hairstyles


Long Hairstyles


Braids


Hair Care Tips


Protective Styles





    Lifestyle



All Lifestyle


Beauty


Travel





    How-To Videos



All Videos


Beauty


Hair
















Sign In







Email Signup 


Order Status

Membership










Order Status





Sign In











Bag
(0)




        Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
        
    










24-HOUR Beauty Break: 50% Off Our Must-Haves! SHOP NOW 







Carol's Daughter

Videos






Search Result

0 Product
1 content



1
Content Entries Found For
""














        How To Update Your Curl Routine | Combing Creme 101
    



        Combing Cremes are about to be all the rage in the U.S., thanks to Carol’s Daughter Founder Lisa Price, who discovered them in Brazil. They are the ultimate detanglers that also prep your hair for perfect styling. These multi-taskers have a lightweight feel…
    

        Read More »
    




























About Us

Lisa’s Story
In The Press
Career Opportunities
Store Locator







Customer Service

Contact Us
FAQs
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Track Your Order
Membership
Site Map









Popular Searches

Monoi 
Hair Milk 
Black Vanilla 
Natural Hair 
Marula 
Leave-In Conditioner 
Almond Cookie 





Follow Us





Instagram


Twitter


YouTube


Facebook


Pinterest






enter your email for news and updates!



         Email Address
         





Join

















*Up to 10 autodialed marketing msg/mo. Standard msg & data rates may apply. Consent not req to purchase. HELP=help, STOP=stop. 

Offers cannot be combined with other offers or discounts (including Membership discount). Offers valid while supplies last.
       

From humble beginnings in her kitchen, Carol’s Daughter founder Lisa Price transformed her beloved hobby of mixing fragrances at home into a beauty empire. After selling her natural beauty products at flea markets and from her living room, Price officially established Carol's Daughter, lovingly named for her mother. Today, we offer prestige hair, body and skincare products made with rare, natural ingredients like Monoi Oil, Shea and Cocoa Butters and Açai. We have collections that repair (top-seller Monoi), perfect curls (classic Hair Milk) and soothe skin (favorite Almond Cookie). 
       

Our Customer Service hours of operation are Monday – Friday, 9 AM – 5:30 PM (ET). 

877-540-2101

. 
Copyright Carol’s Daughter, CONSUMER PRODUCTS DIVISION OF L’OREAL USA S/D, INC. 10 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. All rights reserved.

       

Copyright Carol’s Daughter © 2017. All rights reserved. 
Privacy PolicyTerms  













Please enter your email address below and we will send you a notification when this item becomes available.


This item will automatically be removed from your cart after you submit your email.



Email









        
            Sign up to get special offers and promotional emails from Carol's Daughter.
        
    






By submitting your information, you agree to our Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy




Submit


Cancel





Continue Shopping










































Keranique Hair Regrowth | Hair Growth Products For Women 






















 





















 Cart


 Customer Service


 Manage My Account






Keranique The Women's Hair Growth Experts




Order Now!




Home



Products


How it works


Guarantee


Results



 







Regrow Thicker, Longer, Stronger, Healthier Hair!



Fight the signs of embarrassing hair loss
FDA Approved Ingredient to regrow hair 
Hair Regrowth Product For Women















IN THE MEDIA: The #1 Hair Regrowth System For Women in the U.S.A.!





Keranique® is regularly the conversation in countless news outlets, magazines, blogs, television and is currently featured at Ulta & Sephora.
Order Keranique® Now >




THE SCIENCE: Clinically Proven Hair Regrowth Product for Women!
                        




 Sound





Developed specifically for women, Keranique® Hair Regrowth Treatment offers a multi-targeted approach designed to help women regrow thicker, fuller hair.	
Keranique® Hair Regrowth Treatment >




SEE REAL RESULTS FROM REAL USERS:It's Not Too Late To Fight Against Hair Loss!




















YES! You can actually regrow your hair. Over 1,000,000 women have trusted Keranique® to fight the signs of hair loss and thinning hair.
Click to See More Keranique Results >










"Keranique definitely makes myhair fuller & looks nice."*Verified Purchaser
"My hair is thicker, fuller,and healthier."*Verified Purchaser
"My hair feels more full& manageable. Love it!"*Verified Purchaser
"Keranique worked superbly for me, so I bought it for my mom."*Verified Purchaser











“Friends and family tell me all the time how beautiful my hair looks.  I never received compliments about my hair before, so this is all new to me!  Thank you, Keranique!”


“There is growth & the products are working”†*
Name:  Ariste W., 51 
										Star Rating: 5 out of 5


“Everything is absolutely as fantastic as it was before. It is easy to use, my hair looks fantastic and I honestly don't have enough great words to say about how happy I am. I got my hair trimmed a couple weeks ago and my hairdresser said that my hair has never looked better! Keranique is easy to use, it's not crazy expensive and it will actually grow hair! I promise if you follow the steps like I religiously did you will grow hair and it will be the best investment you will have ever made for yourself.”
Watch As We Reveal Her Keranique Results!







“Keranique makes me feel Fantastic!”



“My hairline has grown fuller, thicker & longer”†* 
Name: Elizabeth O., 55 
										Star Rating: 5 out of 5


“I was devastated when I realized my hair was thinning. Hair loss is embarrassing and I lost my confidence.  I was fed up with losing hair. I wanted to do something about it. I was lucky to find out about Keranique. With the Keranique System, I have been pleasantly surprised by the amazing hair growth results.  My hairline has grown fuller and thicker and longer. Bald spots are gone.”
Watch As We Reveal Her Keranique Results!






View More Keranique Regrowth System Results and Reviews



†Promotional consideration provided. *Results are not guaranteed, individual results may vary. 











It’s not too late... Fight Back Against Hair Loss!


INGREDIENTS
REGROW+
• FDA Approved
• Clinically Proven
• Revitalize


CLINICALLY PROVEN TO
REVERSE+
• Thicken
• Fortify
• Volumize


INGREDIENTS
REPAIR+
• Amplify
• Protect
• Replenish




Keranique® Hair Regrowth System for Women




• Keranique® Hair Regrowth Treatment
• Keranique® Scalp Stimulating Shampoo
• Keranique® Volumizing Keratin Conditioner
• Keranique® Lift & Repair Treatment Spray


Plus Two Bonus Gifts
• BONUS Keranique® Hair Detangling Tool
• BONUS Keranique® Hair Defense Brush



REGULAR  VALUE
TODAY'S  SPECIAL LOWEST  PRICE




$115
ONLY $49.95


Includes Auto Delivery


















Keranique® The Women's Hair Growth Experts™






Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Hair Regrowth System
Site Map
What Is In Keranique
Keranique Hair Loss Study
Keranique In The Media
Product Catalog
For Real Keranique Results, Real Keranique Reviews and Real Keranique User Testimonials Click Here! 
Please click to view our Privacy Policy and Terms Of Use
Copyright © 2017 Keranique®. All Rights Reserved.




Money-Back Guarantee
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Blog
Manage My Account




Connect with us 







Call to Order:  1-800-504-4753





























Stock Quotes & Company News | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















People: NeuLion Inc (NLN.TO)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySoftware












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				NLN.TO on Toronto Stock Exchange


				0.64CAD
3:46pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.01


					            (-1.54%)
					        






Prev Close

$0.65


Open

$0.65




Day's High

$0.65


Day's Low

$0.63




Volume

11,000


Avg. Vol

96,361




52-wk High

$1.35


52-wk Low

$0.57










	Her, Horngwei 





	Mr. Horngwei Her serves as Executive Vice President - Research and Development, Co- Chief Technology Officer of NeuLion, Inc. He has been Executive Vice President of Research and Development of NeuLion USA since January 2004. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Her ran the development team for iCan SP. Prior to that, Mr. Her served as Senior Vice President for Research & Development at Computer Associates. He is also the co-inventor of several computer systems patents. Mr. Her holds a college degree from Taipei Teaching College and a Master of Computer Science degree from the New York Institute of Technology.



Basic Compensation




Total Annual Compensation, USD
305,000


Restricted Stock Awards, USD
--


Long-Term Incentive Plans, USD
--


All Other, USD
131,600


Fiscal Year Total, USD
436,600








Options Compensation




 
Quantity
Market Value


Exercisable
--
--


Unexercisable
--
--


Exercised
--
--














					Basic Compensation






Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Nancy Li

497,600




							Roy Reichbach

--




							Tim Alavathil

--




							Horngwei Her

436,600




							Ronald Nunn

436,600




							J. Christopher Wagner

387,067



As Of 
30 Dec 2014

» View All Officers
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySoftware























Her Hair Company - Premium Virgin Hair Extensions








































































Follow Us on Facebook!











Close



  Loading... Please wait...




Phone: 888.597.6667   :   Hours: M-F 9am – 6pm EST



Gift Certificates
Wish Lists
My Account


Sign in or Create an account




View Cart 






888.597.6667














. 


Search

Go


















































 










Her Hair Company
We are an online retailer providing 100% Brazilian virgin hair extensions and lace closures to individuals, companies, and wholesalers around the world. All of our products are guaranteed to be pure virgin Remy hair: un-dyed, untreated, whole, healthy, and beautiful. This is the best Brazilian weave hair money can buy, and we offer it in affordable bundles to make long, gorgeous, celebrity locks available to everyone.
Our customers trust us time and time again because the quality of our products, from Brazilian hair bundle deals (choose from straight, wavy, and curly) to  Brazilian lace closures. Each of our products is consistent and dependable. You will not see significant variations between one order to the next. Instead, you will see the same smooth, silky, voluminous hair we have sold since the very beginning. .
Premium Virgin Hair Extensions Make You Stand Out
The secret is out.  Having a beautiful head of hair is about more than just the genetics you were born with.  Everyone from A-list celebrities to small-town beauties depends on a quality Brazilian hair weave to achieve the long, flowing locks that are in such high demand right now.

Real virgin Remy hair is different from every other product on the market.  It is soft but durable, long but healthy, and fine but thick.  You can use our extensions to accomplish a Brazilian body wave by adding wavy hair for volume and texture, or to create a full Brazilian hair weave from straight or curly strands.  Either way, our products will give you shine, volume, and body that may be difficult to accomplish with natural hair alone.
Our Products
While other retailers focus on providing a wider variety of styles and colors, we choose to invest all of our efforts into a small range of high-quality Brazilian hair weave supplies.   This approach allows us to take the time to ensure that every one of our products exceeds industry standards.  The result is a range of Brazilian wavy hair, curly hair, straight hair, and lace closures that our customers know they can trust because they have our name on them.
Some of our customers’ favorites include:

Brazilian Body Wave:  If you don’t like the look of stick-straight glossy hair, or just want to go for something a little more natural looking, a body wave can give you volume and movement without requiring the high maintenance of curls.
Brazilian Curly Hair:  Whether you want full, sexy curls or tighter, more girlish ringlets, our Brazilian curly hair extensions allow you to achieve your desired appearance every day with no additional styling required.
Brazilian Lace Closure:  Lace closures are a recent invention that some people are calling the perfect end to a great weave.  The best lace closure for your style is one that covers the roots of your weave seamlessly, making it look even more like your natural hair.  We offer a variety of closures so that you can find the best lace closure to match your hair color and texture.















Our newsletter



Your Name:


Subscribe







FURTHER INFO


Home

Wholesale




Shop




Blog




Gallery




Reviews




Shipping & Returns




Frequently Asked Questions




Terms & Conditions




Privacy Policy




Careers




Contact Us







 
Categories


 Brazilian Hair
 Lace Closures
 Brazilian Hair Bundle Deals
 Accessories
 Eurasian Hair
 Lace Frontals




 
Contact Us

1-888-597-6667
info@herhaircompany.com
Chat Live
                        



 
Social Links


























 









                All prices are in USD
                Copyright 2017 Her Hair Company Inc..
                Sitemap |
                
                Ecommerce Solution by BigCommerce
                    | Find us on Google+
 
Brazilian Virgin Hair Extensions | Brazilian Hair Extensions For Sale | Brazilian Wavy Hair Extensions | Brazilian Remy Hair Extensions  Brazilian Remy Human Hair Extensions | Brazilian Remy Curly Hair Extensions | Remy Wavy Hair Extensions
Brazilian Straight Hair Extensions















