

























Heritage Investors Management Corp Reduces Position in Apple Inc. (AAPL) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Apple Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Apple Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

NanoString Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:NSTG) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
Baystate Wealth Management LLC Raises Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC)
Heritage Investors Management Corp Reduces Position in Apple Inc. (AAPL)
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Shares Bought by Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID
1-800 FLOWERS.COM, Inc. (FLWS) Stake Reduced by Nationwide Fund Advisors
Sanders Morris Harris Inc. Sells 778 Shares of General Electric Company (GE)
DnB Asset Management AS Has $42.85 Million Position in Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM)
State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Cuts Stake in Alphabet Inc. (GOOG)
Country Trust Bank Has $655,000 Position in AT&T Inc. (T)
Abner Herrman & Brock LLC Has $632,000 Stake in Pfizer, Inc. (PFE)
Cubic Asset Management LLC Has $1.60 Million Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO)
Nationwide Fund Advisors Reduces Stake in (CFI)
Green Brick Partners, Inc. (GRBK) Shares Sold by Nationwide Fund Advisors
New Jersey Better Educational Savings Trust Sells 5,000 Shares of Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS)
Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Has $1.45 Million Stake in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ)
Focused Investors LLC Sells 2,000 Shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM)
Crestwood Advisors Group LLC Acquires 5,795 Shares of Pepsico, Inc. (PEP)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Sells 402 Shares of Blueprint Medicines Corporation (BPMC)
Analyzing CDI Corporation (CDI) and Barrett Business Services (BBSI)
BidaskClub Lowers Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (NASDAQ:CMTL) to Buy


 


Heritage Investors Management Corp Reduces Position in Apple Inc. (AAPL)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 

Heritage Investors Management Corp lowered its stake in shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 7.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 327,049 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after selling 27,894 shares during the period. Apple accounts for 3.2% of Heritage Investors Management Corp’s portfolio, making the stock its largest position. Heritage Investors Management Corp’s holdings in Apple were worth $46,984,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Cleararc Capital Inc. boosted its stake in Apple by 9.0% in the fourth quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. now owns 151,235 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $17,516,000 after buying an additional 12,534 shares during the last quarter. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership boosted its stake in Apple by 5.0% in the fourth quarter. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership now owns 420,128 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $48,659,000 after buying an additional 19,845 shares during the last quarter. Fusion Family Wealth LLC acquired a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth $1,115,000. Elgethun Capital Management acquired a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth $648,000. Finally, CLS Investments LLC boosted its stake in Apple by 3.5% in the fourth quarter. CLS Investments LLC now owns 13,506 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $1,564,000 after buying an additional 451 shares during the last quarter. 61.23% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 0.47% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $153.46. 15,780,951 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $147.28 and a 200-day moving average price of $141.20. The stock has a market cap of $800.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.00 and a beta of 1.31. Apple Inc. has a 1-year low of $96.42 and a 1-year high of $156.65. 


 Get Apple Inc. alerts:



Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a net margin of 20.74% and a return on equity of 35.09%. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $52.61 billion. Equities research analysts anticipate that Apple Inc. will post $8.89 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
Apple declared that its board has approved a share buyback plan on Tuesday, May 2nd that authorizes the company to repurchase $50.00 billion in shares. This repurchase authorization authorizes the iPhone maker to buy up to 6.5% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase plans are typically an indication that the company’s leadership believes its shares are undervalued. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Heritage Investors Management Corp Reduces Position in Apple Inc. (AAPL)” was first published by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/27/apple-inc-aapl-is-heritage-investors-management-corps-largest-position-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on AAPL shares. FBR & Co restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $155.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. UBS AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $175.00 target price (down previously from $200.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Vetr lowered Apple from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $147.61 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Rosenblatt Securities restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $120.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Drexel Hamilton restated a “buy” rating and issued a $185.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Twelve equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $159.22.
In other news, insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 11,949 shares of Apple stock in a transaction on Thursday, July 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $142.86, for a total transaction of $1,707,034.14. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of Apple stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 154,116 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $22,806,085.68. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 373,000 shares of company stock valued at $56,497,046 in the last three months. Insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. 
About Apple
Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿

























Heritage Investors Management Corp Has $17.06 Million Position in Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Zoetis Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Zoetis Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

BidaskClub Downgrades Universal Corporation (NYSE:UVV) to Strong Sell
BidaskClub Downgrades Toro Company (The) (NYSE:TTC) to Buy
BidaskClub Lowers Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE:VSH) to Sell
Valero Energy Partners LP (NYSE:VLP) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
ICU Medical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ICUI) Position Reduced by Capital One National Association
Insider Buying: Sigma Designs, Inc. (NASDAQ:SIGM) Major Shareholder Acquires 44,505 Shares of Stock
Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Stake Held by Hexavest Inc.
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Wendys (WEN) Share Price
Northwest Investment Counselors LLC Continues to Hold Position in Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:IART)
e.l.f. Beauty Inc. (NYSE:ELF) Insider Sells $206,640.00 in Stock
Capital One National Association Sells 162 Shares of Edison International (NYSE:EIX)
Zoetis (NYSE:ZTS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds
Astrazeneca PLC (AZN) Stake Reduced by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Cardinal Capital Management Inc. Invests $455,000 in Kroger Company (The) (KR)
Northwest Investment Counselors LLC Takes Position in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (NYSE:MLM)
CenturyLink Investment Management Co Takes Position in DISH Network Corporation (DISH)
W.W. Grainger, Inc. (NYSE:GWW) Position Maintained by Charter Trust Co.
Pennsylvania Trust Co Raises Position in Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corporation (TYG)
Heritage Investors Management Corp Has $17.06 Million Position in Zoetis Inc. (ZTS)
Bank of Montreal Can Has $56.98 Million Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDXX)


 


Heritage Investors Management Corp Has $17.06 Million Position in Zoetis Inc. (ZTS)

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Heritage Investors Management Corp reduced its stake in Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) by 2.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 273,540 shares of the company’s stock after selling 5,937 shares during the period. Heritage Investors Management Corp owned approximately 0.06% of Zoetis worth $17,063,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Franklin Resources Inc. raised its position in shares of Zoetis by 803.4% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 94,816 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,076,000 after buying an additional 84,321 shares during the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Zoetis by 20.3% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 93,103 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,984,000 after buying an additional 15,706 shares during the last quarter. Quadrature Capital Ltd purchased a new position in Zoetis during the fourth quarter worth approximately $6,257,000. Wealthfront Inc. boosted its position in Zoetis by 14.8% in the fourth quarter. Wealthfront Inc. now owns 13,427 shares of the company’s stock worth $719,000 after buying an additional 1,731 shares during the period. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in Zoetis by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 1,850,647 shares of the company’s stock worth $99,065,000 after buying an additional 13,853 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 95.10% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Zoetis Inc. alerts:



Zoetis Inc. (NYSE ZTS) traded up 0.65% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $63.16. 2,097,192 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $31.00 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 36.72 and a beta of 1.03. Zoetis Inc. has a 52 week low of $46.86 and a 52 week high of $63.85. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $62.65 and its 200 day moving average is $57.14. 




Zoetis (NYSE:ZTS) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.53 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.48 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.23 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.20 billion. Zoetis had a net margin of 17.25% and a return on equity of 65.35%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 5.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.48 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Zoetis Inc. will post $2.33 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 1st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be paid a $0.105 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $0.42 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.66%. Zoetis’s dividend payout ratio is presently 24.42%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Heritage Investors Management Corp Has $17.06 Million Position in Zoetis Inc. (ZTS)” was originally reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/heritage-investors-management-corp-has-17-06-million-position-in-zoetis-inc-zts-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts have commented on the company. Cowen and Company set a $70.00 price target on Zoetis and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 price target (up from $62.00) on shares of Zoetis in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised Zoetis from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, June 20th. Hilliard Lyons initiated coverage on Zoetis in a report on Tuesday, June 20th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $77.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of Zoetis in a report on Friday. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Zoetis has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $63.47.
In other news, insider Catherine A. Knupp sold 5,785 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.16, for a total transaction of $348,025.60. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 24,415 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,468,806.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. 0.31% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
About Zoetis
Zoetis Inc is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of animal health medicines and vaccines, with a focus on both livestock and companion animals. The Company has a business, commercializing products across eight core species: cattle, swine, poultry, sheep and fish (collectively, livestock) and dogs, cats and horses (collectively, companion animals), and within five product categories: anti-infectives, vaccines, parasiticides, medicated feed additives and other pharmaceuticals. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Zoetis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zoetis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 











































IncFile.com Reviews - IncFile.com Ratings by Shopper Approved ®















 


Directory
Log In
Learn More










IncFile.com Reviews
      






4.8 Overall Satisfaction Rating


Based on 
        1,819
Customer Ratings Ratings from
          Actual Customers
          






















Price


Average 



Product Satisfaction


Average 








    
    Featured IncFile.com Reviews
    
    
    
    









            Mike P
            


|
        Submitted 27 Jul 2017
        
        
        



 Verified Customer
        
      
 




Share this review 
            










“incfile has made setting up my llc easer and quicker  than trying to do it myself.  There is excellent.”












            David B K
            


|
        MD, United States
        

        
        |
        Submitted 9 Jul 2017
        
        
        



 Verified Customer
        
      
 




Share this review 
            










“I have had a great experience starting and maintaining my business through IncFile.com.  They take care of the details / reporting documents so I can tend to the success of my business!”



Price

5.0


Product Satisfaction

5.0











            Anonymous Customer
            


|
        Submitted 27 Jan 2017
        
        
        



 Verified Customer
        
      
 




Share this review 
            










“Very quick and easy thank you”












            Carl
            


|
        Submitted 24 Jan 2017
        
        
        



 Verified Customer
        
      
 




Share this review 
            










“Quick and painless”












            Donny P
            


|
        Submitted 24 Jan 2017
        
        
        



 Verified Customer
        
      
 




Share this review 
            










“Inc File makes this important aspect of business easy!”











 
        Visit IncFile.com

 
        See More IncFile.com Reviews









  © 
      2017 ShopperApproved.com.  All rights reserved.
        To learn more about Shopper Approved, Click Here 


This Shopper Approved Customer Rating and Review Certificate was generated using independent survey information gathered by Shopper Approved, LLC © 
      2017 Disclaimer: While Shopper Approved has several verification and safety protocols in place regarding the reviews displayed, we do not guarantee the accuracy or authenticity of the information we collect. If you have any questions about this company or website, we encourage you to perform your due diligence before buying. All ratings are converted into a 5-star rating scale average. For full legal terms, click here.











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





























Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Has $5.50 Million Position in Honda Motor Company, Ltd. (HMC) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Honda Motor Company Ltd.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Honda Motor Company Ltd. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

United Technologies Corporation (UTX) Position Boosted by Watch Point Trust Co
D/B/A Chubb Limited New (NYSE:CB) Stake Cut by Karpas Strategies LLC
Gulfport Energy Corporation (GPOR) Stake Maintained by Skylands Capital LLC
State Treasurer State of Michigan Sells 200 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (NASDAQ:XLNX)
Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Has $5.50 Million Position in Honda Motor Company, Ltd. (HMC)
CatchMark Timber Trust, Inc. (NYSE:CTT) Position Lowered by Manning & Napier Advisors LLC
State Treasurer State of Michigan Cuts Position in Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (DGX)
Hayward Tyler Group PLC’s (HAYT) Corporate Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap
Semtech Corporation (SMTC) CFO Sells $42,000.00 in Stock
Findel plc’s (FDL) “corporate” Rating Reiterated at N+1 Singer
Alexander C. Hadjipateras Buys 2,000 Shares of Dorian LPG Ltd. (LPG) Stock
Richard Hart Sells 375 Shares of Guidewire Software, Inc. (NYSE:GWRE) Stock
Independent Oil & Gas PLC’s (IOG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap
Liberum Capital Increases Homeserve plc (HSV) Price Target to GBX 840
Forterra PLC (FORT) Price Target Raised to GBX 327
Global Invacom Group’s (GINV) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap
Skylands Capital LLC Has $813,000 Position in Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN)
Skylands Capital LLC Has $625,000 Stake in Marcus Corporation (The) (NYSE:MCS)
Head-To-Head Comparison: Consolidated Water Co. (CWCO) & Artesian Resources Corporation (ARTNA)
Reviewing Basic Energy Services (BAS) and Seventy Seven Energy (NYSE:SSE)







Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Has $5.50 Million Position in Honda Motor Company, Ltd. (HMC)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Manning & Napier Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Honda Motor Company, Ltd. (NYSE:HMC) by 23.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 200,862 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 37,768 shares during the period. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC’s holdings in Honda Motor were worth $5,501,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. IFP Advisors Inc increased its position in shares of  Honda Motor by 2.6% in the first quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 4,313 shares of the company’s stock valued at $131,000 after buying an additional 108 shares during the last quarter.  Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in  Honda Motor during the first quarter worth about $1,990,000.  Mondrian Investment Partners LTD increased its stake in  Honda Motor by 33.7% in the first quarter. Mondrian Investment Partners LTD now owns 1,704,988 shares of the company’s stock worth $51,150,000 after buying an additional 430,158 shares in the last quarter.  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC increased its stake in  Honda Motor by 21.3% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 33,764 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,022,000 after buying an additional 5,924 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Cardinal Capital Management increased its stake in  Honda Motor by 14.4% in the first quarter. Cardinal Capital Management now owns 42,241 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,278,000 after buying an additional 5,315 shares in the last quarter. 2.56% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Honda Motor Company Ltd. alerts:



Shares of Honda Motor Company, Ltd. (HMC) traded down 0.4916% during trading on Monday, hitting $27.3847. 33,770 shares of the company traded hands. Honda Motor Company, Ltd. has a 52 week low of $26.74 and a 52 week high of $32.17. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $27.72 and a 200 day moving average price of $29.35. The company has a market capitalization of $49.35 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 8.9992 and a beta of 1.01. 





Honda Motor (NYSE:HMC) last posted its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The company reported $0.47 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.21 by $0.26. Honda Motor had a net margin of 4.44% and a return on equity of 8.54%. The business had revenue of $3,763.40 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3,670.98 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($51.85) EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.9% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts expect that  Honda Motor Company, Ltd. will post $2.76 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: This article was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/manning-napier-advisors-llc-has-5-50-million-position-in-honda-motor-company-ltd-hmc.html. 
A number of analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $35.45 price objective on shares of Honda Motor in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Honda Motor from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. TheStreet raised shares of Honda Motor from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. BidaskClub downgraded shares of Honda Motor from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co downgraded shares of Honda Motor from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 5th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued  a hold rating and two have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Honda Motor currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $33.59.
Honda Motor Company Profile
Honda Motor Co, Ltd. (Honda) develops, manufactures and markets motorcycles, automobiles and power products across the world. The Company’s segments include Motorcycle Business, Automobile business, Financial services business, and Power product and other businesses. The Company produces a range of motorcycles, with engine displacement ranging from the 50 cubic centimeters class to the 1,800 cubic centimeters class.







Receive News & Ratings for Honda Motor Company Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Honda Motor Company Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
























































Home | Heritage Investors















































(865) 690-1155




























National Contributor
Justin Goodbread is a contributor to national publication like Forbes and Investopedia.
Learn More


Family and Business Owners
As business owners ourselves, we get you! We know that your dreams can become a reality!
Learn More


Pre-Retirees
Retirement is possible! You can reach your goals with the proper guidance and determination!
Learn More


Retirees
Success! Retirement!  Taxes, Earnings, Inflation, and life-long income have become your priorities.
Learn More














HERITAGE INVESTORS

Heritage Investors is a comprehensive wealth management firm based in Knoxville, Tennessee that handles a wide array of financial planning services. Our strategy is to take a holistic approach to help our clients meet their financial planning goals. We’re an exclusive firm that takes a hands on approach when it comes to wealth management.At Heritage Investors, our CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNERS™ provide fee-based financial consultations that will help our clients through the process of identifying, quantifying and achieving their personal and professional strategies. Our services cover everything from retirement planning to wealth building and our CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNERS™ work with all income levels, offering strategic financial planning with an unparalleled commitment to service.When Heritage Investors began, we set out on a mission to not be just another financial service company. Our intent is to make sure our clients never feel like they're just another number. The comprehensive wealth management strategy we utilize lets our clients know we’re looking out for their best interest. As CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNERS™, we know the important decisions made now can affect the lasting legacy our clients leave behind.










Who We Are
As an independent firm, we are committed to offering complete objectivity and unbiased advice.

Learn more





What We Do
Our educational approach takes the mystery out of investing, insurance, estate conservation, and preserving wealth.

Learn more





Why We Do It
We strive to build long-lasting relationships with our clients, offering ongoing education and guidance.

Learn more










Services

Our first priority is helping you take care of yourself and your family. We want to learn more about your personal situation, identify your dreams and goals, and understand your tolerance for risk. Long-term relationships that encourage open and honest communication have been the cornerstone of my foundation of success.


Learn more









Latest Blog PostWe call our blog, “Financially Simple” because our industry is filled with jargon, slang, and confusing data. We strive to simplify the financial world. Click Here to Read MoreDownloadable  ContentWe have written various White Papers for the various stages of life for ease of reference. Download Our White Paper Riskalyze
















































William Blair Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Abbott Laboratories (ABT) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Abbott Laboratories - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Accurate Investment Solutions Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Sempra Energy (NYSE:SRE)					

South Jersey Industries, Inc. (SJI) Position Lowered by Accurate Investment Solutions Inc.					

AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Has $34,841,000 Position in Eversource Energy (NYSE:ES)					

Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) Stake Held by AMF Pensionsforsakring AB					

Gilbert & Cook Inc. Buys Shares of 5,780 Invesco PLC (NYSE:IVZ)					

Gilbert & Cook Inc. Takes Position in American Financial Group, Inc. (AFG)					

Ardmore Shipping Corporation (ASC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts					

Telefonica SA (TEF) Position Cut by SOL Capital Management CO					

SOL Capital Management CO Reduces Position in TE Connectivity Ltd. (NYSE:TEL)					

Cohen Lawrence B Has $740,000 Position in Church & Dwight Company, Inc. (CHD)					

SOL Capital Management CO Has $2.71 Million Position in The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX)					

Oxbow Advisors LLC Has $1.90 Million Stake in Liberty Interactive Corporation (NASDAQ:QVCA)					

Oxbow Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in Viacom Inc. (VIAB)					

Oxbow Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. (SBGI)					

Oxbow Advisors LLC Increases Position in Brookdale Senior Living Inc. (NYSE:BKD)					

Tribune Media Company (NYSE:TRCO) Shares Sold by Oxbow Advisors LLC					

Enbridge Energy Management LLC (EEQ) is Oxbow Advisors LLC’s 4th Largest Position					

Rosenbaum Jay D. Decreases Position in Xilinx, Inc. (NASDAQ:XLNX)					

William Blair Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Abbott Laboratories (ABT)					

Wagner Bowman Management Corp Sells 213 Shares of Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. (MMP)					





 





						William Blair Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Abbott Laboratories (ABT)					

						 July 25th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance 







Tweet











Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) – Analysts at  William Blair increased their FY2017 earnings per share estimates for shares of Abbott Laboratories  in a note issued to investors on  Thursday. William Blair analyst M. Kaczor now forecasts that the healthcare product maker will post earnings of $2.49 per share for the year, up from their prior forecast of $2.48. William Blair also issued estimates for Abbott Laboratories’ Q1 2018 earnings at $0.55 EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at $0.69 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $0.76 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $0.80 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $2.80 EPS. 
Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. UBS AG  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $41.00 price objective on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Jefferies Group LLC lowered their price objective on Abbott Laboratories from $52.00 to $50.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Cowen and Company  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $48.00 price objective on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Finally, TheStreet lowered Abbott Laboratories from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 18th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Abbott Laboratories  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $52.13.




WARNING: This story was  posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/25/william-blair-research-analysts-increase-earnings-estimates-for-abbott-laboratories-abt.html. 
Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE ABT) traded down 0.10% during trading on Monday, reaching $50.75. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,062,614 shares. Abbott Laboratories has a 12-month low of $37.38 and a 12-month high of $51.13. The stock has a market cap of $88.07 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 71.08 and a beta of 1.06. The company has a 50 day moving average of $48.44 and a 200-day moving average of $44.89. 
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last released its earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $6.64 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.63 billion. Abbott Laboratories had a return on equity of 15.53% and a net margin of 4.96%. Abbott Laboratories’s quarterly revenue was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.55 EPS. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Investors of record on Friday, July 14th will be paid a dividend of $0.265 per share. This represents a $1.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.09%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. Abbott Laboratories’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 149.30%. 
In related news, insider Jared Watkin sold 552 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.97, for a total transaction of $26,479.44. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 47,090 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,258,907.30. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Stephen R. Fussell sold 196,550 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.00, for a total value of $9,041,300.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 221,488 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $10,188,448. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 206,902 shares of company stock valued at $9,497,761 over the last three months. 0.76% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY increased its position in  Abbott Laboratories by 37.9% in the first quarter. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY now owns 2,531 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 696 shares during the last quarter.  Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. purchased a new position in  Abbott Laboratories during the first quarter valued at approximately $112,000.  Advantage Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $120,000.  First Command Financial Services Inc. increased its position in  Abbott Laboratories by 10.2% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 2,787 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 257 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, V Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in  Abbott Laboratories during the second quarter valued at approximately $127,000. Institutional investors own  71.08% of the company’s stock. 
Abbott Laboratories Company Profile
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States. 






Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Heritage Investors Management Corp Inc                                                                                   - Bethesda                                          , MD         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MD



Bethesda



Investment Advice



Investment Counselors



                            Heritage Investors Management Corp Inc
                                    



 





















H 


Heritage Investors Management Corp Inc                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



7101 WSCNSIN AVE STE 1112 BETHESDA, MD 20814
Get Directions



(301) 951-0440
 





Business Info



 Founded 1974
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $2,126,694.00
 Employee Count 12
 Industries Investment Counselors
 Contacts Michael S Cornfeld                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Heritage Investors Management Corp Inc                                                                                   is located at 7101 Wscnsin Ave Ste 1112 in Bethesda and has been in the business of Investment Counselors since 1974. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



























Retirement | Heritage Investors










































(865) 690-1155






















Retirement
Where will your retirement money come from? If you’re like most people, qualified-retirement plans, Social Security, and personal savings and investments are expected to play a role. Once you have estimated the amount of money you may need for retirement, a sound approach involves taking a close look at your potential retirement-income sources.






Featured Video




Should You Tap Retirement Savings to Fund College?
There are three things to consider before dipping into retirement savings to pay for college.

 





Featured Presentation




Retirement Plan Distributions
There are a number of ways to withdraw money from a qualified retirement plan.

 



Have A Question About This Topic?











Address






Thank you!
Oops!








Perception vs. Reality
There’s an alarming difference between perception and reality for current and future retirees.







Women and Financial Strategies
Most women don’t shy away from the day-to-day financial decisions, but some may be leaving their future to chance.







Social Security: By the Numbers
Here are five facts about Social Security that might surprise you.









Social Security: Maximizing Benefits
There are other ways to maximize Social Security benefits, in addition to waiting to claim them.


9 Facts About Retirement
Regardless of how you approach retirement, there are some things about it that might surprise you.


Is a SEP-IRA Right for Your Business?
For some, the idea of establishing a retirement strategy evokes worries about complicated reporting and administration.


Choices for Your 401(k) at a Former Employer
Individuals have three basic choices with the 401(k) account they accrued at a previous employer.


The History of Retirement
Do you know where the idea of “retirement” comes from?


Caring for Aging Parents
As our nation ages, many Americans are turning their attention to caring for aging parents.

View all articles 



Roth 401(k) vs. Traditional 401(k)
This calculator compares employee contributions to a Roth 401(k) and a traditional 401(k).


Estimate Your RMD
Help determine the required minimum distribution from an IRA or other qualified retirement plan.


My Retirement Savings
Estimate how long your retirement savings may last using various monthly cash flow rates.


Saving for Retirement
This calculator can help you estimate how much you may need to save for retirement.


Potential Income from an IRA
Estimate your monthly and annual income from various IRA types.


A Look at Systematic Withdrawals
This calculator may help you estimate how long funds may last given regular withdrawals.

View all calculators 



Retirement Plan Distributions
There are a number of ways to withdraw money from a qualified retirement plan.


Investment Strategies for Retirement
Investment tools and strategies that can enable you to pursue your retirement goals.


An Inside Look at Retirement Living
A number of questions and concerns need to be addressed to help you better prepare for retirement living.

View all presentations 



Ready for Retirement?
Are you ready for retirement? Here are five words you should consider.


How to Bake a Pie-R-A
Roth IRAs are tax advantaged in a different way from traditional IRAs.


Retirement Redefined
Around the country, attitudes about retirement are shifting.


Retiring the 4% Rule
A portfolio created with your long-term objectives in mind is crucial as you pursue your dream retirement.


A Bucket Plan to Go with Your Bucket List
A bucket plan can help you be better prepared for a comfortable retirement.


How to Retire Early
Retiring early sounds like a dream come true, but it’s important to take a look at the cold, hard facts.

View all videos 







Articles





Does Your Portfolio Fit Your Retirement Lifestyle?
Lifestyle considerations in creating your retirement portfolio.


Three Key Questions to Answer Before Taking Social Security
When to start? Should I continue to work? How can I maximize my benefit?


Immediate vs. Deferred Annuities
Looking forward to retirement? It's critical to understand the difference between immediate and deferred annuities.


Healthcare Costs in Retirement
Without a solid approach, health care expenses may add up quickly and potentially alter your spending.


Social Security: Five Facts You Need to Know
Here are five facts about Social Security that are important to keep in mind.


A Bucket Plan to Go with Your Bucket List
Longer, healthier living can put greater stress on retirement assets; the bucket approach may be one answer.

View all articles 






Calculators





Saving for Retirement
This calculator can help you estimate how much you may need to save for retirement.


Estimate Your RMD
Help determine the required minimum distribution from an IRA or other qualified retirement plan.


Self-Employed Retirement Plans
Estimate the maximum contribution amount for a Self-Employed 401(k), SIMPLE IRA, or SEP.


A Look at Systematic Withdrawals
This calculator may help you estimate how long funds may last given regular withdrawals.


My Retirement Savings
Estimate how long your retirement savings may last using various monthly cash flow rates.


Roth 401(k) vs. Traditional 401(k)
This calculator compares employee contributions to a Roth 401(k) and a traditional 401(k).

View all calculators 






Presentations





An Inside Look at Retirement Living
A number of questions and concerns need to be addressed to help you better prepare for retirement living.


Retirement Plan Distributions
There are a number of ways to withdraw money from a qualified retirement plan.


Investment Strategies for Retirement
Investment tools and strategies that can enable you to pursue your retirement goals.

View all presentations 






Videos





Perception vs. Reality
There’s an alarming difference between perception and reality for current and future retirees.


Women and Retirement
Women must be ready to spend, on average, more years in retirement than men.


Raise Your Retirement Income
Retirees look for ways to convert savings and investments into regular income. One option to consider is an annuity.


Rightsizing for Retirement
What does your home really cost?


A Bucket Plan to Go with Your Bucket List
A bucket plan can help you be better prepared for a comfortable retirement.


A Fruitful Retirement: Social Security Benefit
Taking your Social Security benefits at the right time may help maximize your benefit.

View all videos 


























































All Videos | Heritage Investors











































(865) 690-1155






















All Videos







The Cycle of Investing
Understanding the cycle of investing may help you avoid easy pitfalls.









Do You Feel Lucky?
Recent changes in estate tax laws could affect the strategy you have in place.









Events on Wall Street
Can successful investors predict changes in the markets? Some can but others miss the market’s signals.









Perception vs. Reality
There’s an alarming difference between perception and reality for current and future retirees.









The Power of Tax-Deferred Growth
Why are 401(k) plans, annuities, and IRAs so popular?









The Other Sure Thing
Though we don’t like to think about it, all of us will make an exit sometime. Are you prepared?









Choosing a Mortgage
Selecting a mortgage isn't an easy process. Get a better understanding of how professionals make the right decisions.









The Facts About Income Tax
Millions faithfully file their 1040 forms each April. But some things about federal income taxes may surprise you.









Exit Strategies of the Rich and Famous
Estate conservation is too important to put off. Do you have a smart exit strategy?









Making Your Tax Bracket Work
Have you explored all your options when it comes to managing your taxable income?









Rightsizing for Retirement
What does your home really cost?









To Buy or Not to Buy
The decision whether to buy or rent a home may have long-term implications.









Social Security: By the Numbers
Here are five facts about Social Security that might surprise you.









Your DNA Test
If your family relies on your income, it’s critical to know what their needs would be in the event of your death.









What Can a Million Dollars Buy You?
$1 million in a diversified portfolio could help finance part of your retirement.









Women and Retirement
Women must be ready to spend, on average, more years in retirement than men.









Raise Your Retirement Income
Retirees look for ways to convert savings and investments into regular income. One option to consider is an annuity.









Estate Management 101
A will may be only one of the documents you need—and one factor to consider—when it comes to managing your estate









Charitable Giving: Smart from the Heart
Do you have causes that you want to support with donations? Here are three tips.









Ready for Retirement?
Are you ready for retirement? Here are five words you should consider.









When Do You Need a Will?
When do you need a will? The answer is easy: Right Now.









Interest Rates: How Low Can They Go?
The question used to be, “How low can interest rates go?” Now it's, “How long can rates remain at their historic low levels?”









Should You Tap Retirement Savings to Fund College?
There are three things to consider before dipping into retirement savings to pay for college.









Retiring the 4% Rule
A portfolio created with your long-term objectives in mind is crucial as you pursue your dream retirement.









Where Is the Market Headed?
We all know the stock market can be unpredictable. We all want to know, “What’s next for the financial markets?”









Should You Invest in Exchange Traded Funds?
There are hundreds of ETFs available. Should you invest in them?









The Power of Compound Interest
Learn how to harness the power of compound interest for your investments.









What Smart Investors Know
Smart investors take the time to separate emotion from fact.









The Richest Man in Babylon
In good times and bad, consistently saving a percentage of your income is a sound financial practice.









Safeguard Your Digital Estate
If you died, what would happen to your email archives, social profiles and online accounts?









A Bucket Plan to Go with Your Bucket List
A bucket plan can help you be better prepared for a comfortable retirement.









The Rule of 72
Do you know how long it may take for your investments to double in value? The Rule of 72 is a quick way to figure it out.









The Business Cycle
How will you weather the ups and downs of the business cycle?









The Good Ship IPO
The seas of the market are constantly shifting. Whether the good ship IPO can set sail may depend heavily on the tides.









Are Alternative Investments Right for You?
With alternative investments, it’s critical to sort through the complexity.









Global and International Funds
Investors seeking world investments can choose between global and international funds. What's the difference?









Emerging Market Opportunities
What are your options for investing in emerging markets?









Suddenly Single: 3 Steps to Take Now
Have you found yourself suddenly single? Here are 3 steps to take right now.









The Junk Drawer Approach to Investing
It's easy to let investments accumulate like old receipts in a junk drawer.









16 Wall Street Cliches in 60 Seconds
Pundits say a lot of things about the markets. Let's see if you can keep up.









The New Wild West: Bitcoin
Bitcoin’s future is uncertain, but one thing is for sure: it’s the wild west out there, and there is no sheriff in town.









An Arm and a Leg
A visit to the hospital can be painful, for both your body and your wallet. Don’t let it be more painful than it has to be.









Should You Ever Retire?
A growing number of Americans are pushing back the age at which they plan to retire. Or deciding not to retire at all.









The Real Cost of a Vacation Home
What if instead of buying that vacation home, you invested the money?









Inflation and Your Portfolio
Even low inflation rates can pose a threat to investment returns.









Bursting the Bubble
Tulips were the first, but they won’t be the last. What forms a “bubble” and what causes them to burst?









Keeping Up with the Joneses
Lifestyle inflation can be the enemy of wealth building. What could happen if you invested instead of buying more stuff?









How to Retire Early
Retiring early sounds like a dream come true, but it’s important to take a look at the cold, hard facts.









The Fed and How It Got That Way
Here is a quick history of the Federal Reserve and an overview of what it does.









What Our Kids Can Teach us About Saving Money
Would you guess that Millennials are effectively saving for retirement? Well, they are.









Should I Invest In REITs?
Are Real Estate Investment Trusts right for your portfolio?









Jane Bond: Infiltrating the Market
Agent Jane Bond is on the case, cracking the code on bonds.









Jane Bond: Decoding Diversification
Agent Jane Bond is on the case, discovering how bonds diversify a portfolio.









Jane Bond: Scaling the Ladder
Agent Jane Bond is on the case, uncovering the mystery of bond laddering.









From Boats to Brokers
From the Dutch East India Company to Wall Street, the stock market has a long and storied history.









A Fruitful Retirement: Social Security Benefit
Taking your Social Security benefits at the right time may help maximize your benefit.









Coaches
Coaches have helped you your whole life, in ways big and small. We’d like to be one of them.









Extended Care: A Patchwork of Possibilities
What is your plan for health care during retirement?









Surprises
Making the most of surprises is a great reason to work with us.









Investments
You’ve made investments your whole life. Work with us to help make the most of them.









Acres of Diamonds
In life it often happens that the answers to our most pressing questions are right in our own backyards.









Retirement Redefined
Around the country, attitudes about retirement are shifting.









Forecast
The market is as unpredictable as the weather. We’d love to help you prepare.









How to Bake a Pie-R-A
Roth IRAs are tax advantaged in a different way from traditional IRAs.









It May Be Time for a Financial Checkup
It’s never a bad time to speak with your financial advisor about changes in your situation.









Can Election Results Predict the Market?
How do the markets usually react to elections? Was the 2016 election any different?









Consider These 3 Things Before Driving Off the Lot
There are a few things to consider when buying or leasing your next vehicle.









When Special Care Is Needed: The Special Needs Trust
A special needs trust helps care for a special needs child when you’re gone.









The Cost of Procrastination
Procrastination can be costly. When you get a late start, it may be difficult to make up for lost time.



 


The content is developed from sources believed to be providing accurate information. The information in this material is not intended as tax or legal advice. It may not be used for the purpose of avoiding any federal tax penalties. Please consult legal or tax professionals for specific information regarding your individual situation. This material was developed and produced by FMG, LLC, to provide information on a topic that may be of interest. The opinions expressed and material provided are for general information, and should not be considered a solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security.



















































Estate | Heritage Investors










































(865) 690-1155






















Estate
Effective estate management enables you to manage your affairs during your lifetime and control the distribution of your wealth after death. An effective estate strategy can spell out your healthcare wishes and ensure that they're carried out – even if you are unable to communicate. It can even designate someone to manage your financial affairs should you be unable to do so.






Featured Video




Estate Management 101
A will may be only one of the documents you need—and one factor to consider—when it comes to managing your estate

 





Featured Presentation




Principles of Preserving Wealth
How federal estate taxes work, plus estate management documents and tactics.

 



Have A Question About This Topic?











Address






Thank you!
Oops!








Do You Feel Lucky?
Recent changes in estate tax laws could affect the strategy you have in place.







A Brief History of Estate Taxes
Federal estate taxes have long since been a lucrative source of funding for the federal government.







Charitable Giving: Smart from the Heart
Do you have causes that you want to support with donations? Here are three tips.









Yours, Mine and Ours: Estate Strategies for Second Marriages
Second marriages are a trigger event to revisit any existing estate strategies.


A Brief History of Estate Taxes
Federal estate taxes have long since been a lucrative source of funding for the federal government.


When Heirs are Imperfect
The money problems or bad lifestyle habits of adult children could lead to the squandering of any inheritance they receive.  


Will Power
Preparing for the eventual distribution of your assets may not sound enticing. But a will puts the power in your hands.


Put It in a Letter
A letter of instruction provides additional and more personal information regarding your estate.


Critical Estate Documents
Sound estate management includes creating financial and healthcare documents. Here's an inside look.

View all articles 



What Is My Current Net Worth?
Use this calculator to estimate your net worth by adding up your assets and subtracting your liabilities.


What's My Potential Estate Tax?
This calculator helps estimate your federal estate tax liability.


What Is My Life Expectancy?
Estimate how many years you may need retirement assets or how long to provide income to a surviving spouse or children.

View all calculators 



Principles of Preserving Wealth
How federal estate taxes work, plus estate management documents and tactics.

View all presentations 



Charitable Giving: Smart from the Heart
Do you have causes that you want to support with donations? Here are three tips.


Exit Strategies of the Rich and Famous
Estate conservation is too important to put off. Do you have a smart exit strategy?


Estate Management 101
A will may be only one of the documents you need—and one factor to consider—when it comes to managing your estate


When Do You Need a Will?
When do you need a will? The answer is easy: Right Now.


Do You Feel Lucky?
Recent changes in estate tax laws could affect the strategy you have in place.


Safeguard Your Digital Estate
If you died, what would happen to your email archives, social profiles and online accounts?

View all videos 







Articles





Will Power
Preparing for the eventual distribution of your assets may not sound enticing. But a will puts the power in your hands.


And the Executor Is
The right executor may help ensure the distribution of your assets is done with as little upheaval as possible.


Test Your Estate Strategy Knowledge
Estate management can help ensure that your assets are transferred according to your wishes while managing tax issues.


When Heirs are Imperfect
The money problems or bad lifestyle habits of adult children could lead to the squandering of any inheritance they receive.  


A Primer on Irrevocable Life Insurance Trusts
Irrevocable life insurance trusts can be important tools that may accomplish a number of estate objectives.


Understanding the Alternate Valuation Date
Executors can value the estate on the date of death, or on its six-month anniversary —the “Alternate Valuation Date."

View all articles 






Calculators





What's My Potential Estate Tax?
This calculator helps estimate your federal estate tax liability.


What Is My Life Expectancy?
Estimate how many years you may need retirement assets or how long to provide income to a surviving spouse or children.


What Is My Current Net Worth?
Use this calculator to estimate your net worth by adding up your assets and subtracting your liabilities.

View all calculators 






Presentations





Principles of Preserving Wealth
How federal estate taxes work, plus estate management documents and tactics.

View all presentations 






Videos





Estate Management 101
A will may be only one of the documents you need—and one factor to consider—when it comes to managing your estate


Do You Feel Lucky?
Recent changes in estate tax laws could affect the strategy you have in place.


Charitable Giving: Smart from the Heart
Do you have causes that you want to support with donations? Here are three tips.


Exit Strategies of the Rich and Famous
Estate conservation is too important to put off. Do you have a smart exit strategy?


When Special Care Is Needed: The Special Needs Trust
A special needs trust helps care for a special needs child when you’re gone.


When Do You Need a Will?
When do you need a will? The answer is easy: Right Now.

View all videos 















































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started







































Heritage Investors Management Corp | Wealthminder











































Heritage Investors Management Corp


Heritage Investors Management Corp
(CRD# 110420) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Bethesda, MD.
They
manage $1,972,360,498 in 1,150 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 14 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Heritage Investors Management Corp




7101 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1112,
Bethesda,
MD
20814
301-951-0440









By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,972
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,150
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,715,096







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CO, DC, FL, MA, MD, MI, NC, NH, NY, PA, SC, TX, VA






Financial Advisors at Heritage Investors Management Corp




Showing 1 - 5 of 5 top financial advisors.





1















Michael S. Cornfeld



CRD#:
1783964



7101 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1112,
Bethesda,
MD
20814




96

Wealthminder
score








Michael Cornfeld (CRD# 1783964) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Heritage Investors Management Corp in Bethesda, MD and has 
over 23 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Michael Demayo



CRD#:
4743352



7101 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1112,
Bethesda,
MD
20814




96

Wealthminder
score








Michael Demayo (CRD# 4743352) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Heritage Investors Management Corp in Bethesda, MD and has 
over 13 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Kenneth J. Long



CRD#:
2687493



7101 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1112,
Bethesda,
MD
20814




96

Wealthminder
score








Kenneth Long (CRD# 2687493) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Heritage Investors Management Corp in Bethesda, MD and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Derek R. Stone



CRD#:
1783956



7101 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1112,
Bethesda,
MD
20814




96

Wealthminder
score








Derek Stone (CRD# 1783956) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Heritage Investors Management Corp in Bethesda, MD and has 
over 23 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Jean M. Kennedy



CRD#:
2464613



7101 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1112,
Bethesda,
MD
20814




90

Wealthminder
score








Jean Kennedy (CRD# 2464613) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Heritage Investors Management Corp in Bethesda, MD and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



























Insurance | Heritage Investors










































(865) 690-1155






















Insurance
Insurance transfers the financial risk of life's events to an insurance company. A sound insurance strategy can help protect your family from the financial consequences of those events. A strategy can include personal insurance, liability insurance, and life insurance.






Featured Video




The Other Sure Thing
Though we don’t like to think about it, all of us will make an exit sometime. Are you prepared?

 





Featured Presentation




Long-Term-Care Protection Strategies
The chances of needing long-term care, its cost, and strategies for covering that cost.

 



Have A Question About This Topic?











Address






Thank you!
Oops!








Extended Care: A Patchwork of Possibilities
What is your plan for health care during retirement?







How Insurance Deductibles Work
Knowing how insurance deductibles work can help you save money and give you peace of mind.







Your DNA Test
If your family relies on your income, it’s critical to know what their needs would be in the event of your death.









Is Term Life Insurance for You?
Term insurance is the simplest form of life insurance. Here's how it works.


Variable Universal Life Insurance
Variable Universal Life is permanent insurance in which the policyholder directs how premiums are invested. 


Understanding Homeowner’s Insurance
Purchasing homeowners insurance is critical for protecting your home.


Protecting Your Home Against Flood Loss
Protect yourself against the damage that your homeowners policy doesn’t cover.


Universal Life Insurance
Universal life insurance is permanent insurance with a flexible premium. Here's how it works.


Teen Drinking and Your Liability
Drinking may be a “rite of passage” for teens, but when it occurs in your home you may be held responsible for their actions.

View all articles 



Lifetime of Earnings
Estimate how much you have the potential to earn during your working years.


Assess Your Life Insurance Needs
This calculator estimates how much life insurance you would need to meet your family's needs if you were to die prematurely.


Disability Income
This calculator estimates your chances of becoming disabled and your potential need for disability insurance.


Long-Term-Care Needs
Determine your potential long-term care needs and how long your current assets might last.

View all calculators 



Long-Term-Care Protection Strategies
The chances of needing long-term care, its cost, and strategies for covering that cost.


Protecting Those Who Matter Most
The importance of life insurance, how it works, and how much coverage you need. 

View all presentations 



Extended Care: A Patchwork of Possibilities
What is your plan for health care during retirement?


The Other Sure Thing
Though we don’t like to think about it, all of us will make an exit sometime. Are you prepared?


Your DNA Test
If your family relies on your income, it’s critical to know what their needs would be in the event of your death.

View all videos 







Articles





What to Look for in a Long-Term Care Policy
Here’s a list of 10 questions to ask that may help you better understand the costs and benefits of long-term-care insurance.


When Life Insurance Becomes Taxable
Life insurance proceeds are generally tax-free. But not in all cases.


Teen Drinking and Your Liability
Drinking may be a “rite of passage” for teens, but when it occurs in your home you may be held responsible for their actions.


Protecting Your Home Against Flood Loss
Protect yourself against the damage that your homeowners policy doesn’t cover.


Buying Auto Insurance For Teen Drivers
Tips on insuring your teen driver.


Assess Life Insurance Needs
How to help determine life insurance needs to provide for your family after you pass away.

View all articles 






Calculators





Lifetime of Earnings
Estimate how much you have the potential to earn during your working years.


Disability Income
This calculator estimates your chances of becoming disabled and your potential need for disability insurance.


Long-Term-Care Needs
Determine your potential long-term care needs and how long your current assets might last.


Assess Your Life Insurance Needs
This calculator estimates how much life insurance you would need to meet your family's needs if you were to die prematurely.

View all calculators 






Presentations





Long-Term-Care Protection Strategies
The chances of needing long-term care, its cost, and strategies for covering that cost.


Protecting Those Who Matter Most
The importance of life insurance, how it works, and how much coverage you need. 

View all presentations 






Videos





Your DNA Test
If your family relies on your income, it’s critical to know what their needs would be in the event of your death.


Extended Care: A Patchwork of Possibilities
What is your plan for health care during retirement?


The Other Sure Thing
Though we don’t like to think about it, all of us will make an exit sometime. Are you prepared?

View all videos 


























































Investment | Heritage Investors










































(865) 690-1155






















Investment
Investing should be easy – just buy low and sell high – but most of us have trouble following that simple advice. There are principles and strategies that may enable you to put together an investment portfolio that reflects your risk tolerance, time horizon, and goals. Understanding these principles and strategies can help you avoid some of the pitfalls that snare some investors.






Featured Video




Are Alternative Investments Right for You?
With alternative investments, it’s critical to sort through the complexity.

 





Featured Presentation




5 Smart Investing Strategies
Getting what you want out of your money may require the right game plan. 

 



Have A Question About This Topic?











Address






Thank you!
Oops!








Jane Bond: Scaling the Ladder
Agent Jane Bond is on the case, uncovering the mystery of bond laddering.







Alternative Investments - Going Mainstream
Alternative investments are going mainstream for accredited investors. It’s critical to sort through the complexity.







16 Wall Street Cliches in 60 Seconds
Pundits say a lot of things about the markets. Let's see if you can keep up.









How the Federal Reserve Works
Each day, the Fed is behind the scenes supporting the economy and providing services to the U.S. financial system.


Asset Allocation
Consider how your assets are allocated and if that allocation is consistent with your time frame and risk tolerance.


Rebalancing Your Portfolio
Over time, different investments' performances can shift a portfolio’s intent and risk profile. Rebalancing may be critical.


All Muni Bonds Are Not Created Equal
Gaining a better understanding of municipal bonds makes more sense than ever.


Getting a Head Start on College Savings
A few strategies that may help you prepare for the cost of higher education.


A Primer on Dividends
A company's profits can be reinvested or paid out to the company’s shareholders as “dividends."

View all articles 



Contributing to an IRA?
Determine if you are eligible to contribute to a traditional or Roth IRA.


What Is the Dividend Yield?
This calculator helps determine your pre-tax and after-tax dividend yield on a particular stock.


What Is My Risk Tolerance?
This questionnaire will help determine your tolerance for investment risk.


Taxable vs. Tax-Deferred Savings
Use this calculator to compare the future value of investments with different tax consequences.


How Compound Interest Works
Use this calculator to better see the potential impact of compound interest on an asset.


Impact of Taxes and Inflation
Estimate the potential impact taxes and inflation can have on the purchasing power of an investment.

View all calculators 



5 Smart Investing Strategies
There are some smart strategies that may help you pursue your investment objectives


5 Smart Investing Principles
Principles that can help create a portfolio designed to pursue investment goals.


Keys to Investing for Retirement
There are some key concepts to understand when investing for retirement

View all presentations 



What Can a Million Dollars Buy You?
$1 million in a diversified portfolio could help finance part of your retirement.


Investments
You’ve made investments your whole life. Work with us to help make the most of them.


Jane Bond: Decoding Diversification
Agent Jane Bond is on the case, discovering how bonds diversify a portfolio.


The Business Cycle
How will you weather the ups and downs of the business cycle?


Global and International Funds
Investors seeking world investments can choose between global and international funds. What's the difference?


Inflation and Your Portfolio
Even low inflation rates can pose a threat to investment returns.

View all videos 







Articles





Inflation & Your Money
It's important to understand how inflation is reported and how it can affect investments.


Investing with Your Heart
For some, the social impact of investing is just as important as the return, perhaps more important.


All Muni Bonds Are Not Created Equal
Gaining a better understanding of municipal bonds makes more sense than ever.


Global vs. International: What’s The Difference?
International funds invest in non-U.S. markets, while global funds may invest in U.S. stocks alongside non-U.S. stocks.


Rebalancing Your Portfolio
Over time, different investments' performances can shift a portfolio’s intent and risk profile. Rebalancing may be critical.


Earnings for All Seasons
Earnings season can move markets. What is it and why is it important?

View all articles 






Calculators





Contributing to an IRA?
Determine if you are eligible to contribute to a traditional or Roth IRA.


How Compound Interest Works
Use this calculator to better see the potential impact of compound interest on an asset.


Taxable vs. Tax-Deferred Savings
Use this calculator to compare the future value of investments with different tax consequences.


What Is the Dividend Yield?
This calculator helps determine your pre-tax and after-tax dividend yield on a particular stock.


Saving for College
This calculator can help you estimate how much you should be saving for college.


Impact of Taxes and Inflation
Estimate the potential impact taxes and inflation can have on the purchasing power of an investment.

View all calculators 






Presentations





Keys to Investing for Retirement
There are some key concepts to understand when investing for retirement


5 Smart Investing Strategies
There are some smart strategies that may help you pursue your investment objectives


5 Smart Investing Principles
Principles that can help create a portfolio designed to pursue investment goals.

View all presentations 






Videos





Bursting the Bubble
Tulips were the first, but they won’t be the last. What forms a “bubble” and what causes them to burst?


Inflation and Your Portfolio
Even low inflation rates can pose a threat to investment returns.


The Junk Drawer Approach to Investing
It's easy to let investments accumulate like old receipts in a junk drawer.


From Boats to Brokers
From the Dutch East India Company to Wall Street, the stock market has a long and storied history.


Where Is the Market Headed?
We all know the stock market can be unpredictable. We all want to know, “What’s next for the financial markets?”


Should I Invest In REITs?
Are Real Estate Investment Trusts right for your portfolio?

View all videos 


























































About | Heritage Investors















































(865) 690-1155






















Heritage Investors



            (865) 690-1155
info@heritageinvestor.com

Heritage Investors is a wealth management firm located in Knoxville, Tennessee. We understand that individuals face unique challenges in today’s financial landscape. Planning for one's retirement and trying to secure a solid future for your family or business can be overwhelming. We can help take the mystery out of preparing for today and tomorrow. Whether you need retirement planning, financial planning, education planning, investment planning, protection planning, tax planning, estate planning, or corporate planning, our personalized service focuses on your financial needs, wants, and goals.Both of our owners are CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ Professionals. Justin Goodbread, CFP® and Jim DeTar, CFP® have years of experience. We want you to feel confident knowing that we are your trusted partners in this process. As your financial planning consultants, we look forward to working with you through all the stages of your life.






































