
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version








































Power behind Levi’s Stadium is a woman, Cipora Herman - SFGate

























































































































Subscribe


Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.sfgate.com/49ers/article/Power-behind-Levi-s-Stadium-is-a-woman-Cipora-5895965.php



Power behind Levi’s Stadium is a woman, Cipora Herman


By Ron Kroichick


        Updated 8:29 am, Sunday, November 16, 2014
    













































































































































































































































































































































































                                            Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle
                                    
 


Image 1of/4
CaptionClose



















Image 1 of 4


Cipora Herman, San Francisco 49ers' chief financial officer, shows off the BNY Mellon Club West in Levi's Stadium.
Cipora Herman, San Francisco 49ers' chief financial officer, shows off the BNY Mellon Club West in Levi's Stadium.

                                            Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle
                                    

 



Image 2 of 4


San Francisco 49ers'  Chief Financial Officer Cipora Herman and her children Sarah, 8, and David, 6, stand on the sideline as the Niners warm up before playing the Kansas City Chiefs at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, Calif. on Sunday, October 5, 2014. less
San Francisco 49ers'  Chief Financial Officer Cipora Herman and her children Sarah, 8, and David, 6, stand on the sideline as the Niners warm up before playing the Kansas City Chiefs at Levi's Stadium in Santa ... more

                                            Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle
                                    

 



Image 3 of 4


Cipora Herman and her children Sarah, 8, and David, 6, greet a friend at Levi's Stadium, for which she handled the financing for the 49ers as the team’s chief financial officer.
Cipora Herman and her children Sarah, 8, and David, 6, greet a friend at Levi's Stadium, for which she handled the financing for the 49ers as the team’s chief financial officer.

                                            Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle
                                    

 



Image 4 of 4


San Francisco 49ers'  Chief Financial Officer Cipora Herman and her daughter Sarah, 8, watch the Niners warm up before playing the Kansas City Chiefs at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, Calif. on Sunday, October 5, 2014. less
San Francisco 49ers'  Chief Financial Officer Cipora Herman and her daughter Sarah, 8, watch the Niners warm up before playing the Kansas City Chiefs at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, Calif. on Sunday, October ... more

                                            Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle
                                    








 






Power behind Levi’s Stadium is a woman, Cipora Herman

1 / 4


Back to Gallery
















Cipora Herman blazed an uncommon trail in becoming the first female chief financial officer in 49ers history — zooming through the technology world, from Hewlett-Packard to Yahoo to Facebook, before tackling the daunting task of financing Levi’s Stadium.
And her journey, in a curious way, traces to Hall of Fame basketball player Larry Bird.
Herman grew up in New York, watching sports to connect with her dad, Martin Sternlicht. She showed an independent streak by rooting for the rivals of his teams: He liked the Mets so she chose the Yankees, and she became a Celtics fan because he followed the Knicks.






The first basketball game she attended, at age 7, was Knicks-Celtics at Madison Square Garden, featuring a young Larry Bird. Herman soon latched onto him as her favorite player — Bird was a dynamic star and his name was easy for a kid to remember.
This eventually led Herman to use him as the premise for one of her essays in applying to Stanford. Bird played small forward, not typically a spot for leaders, but Herman found deeper meaning in the way he controlled the action on those great Boston teams of the 1980s. 
“I wrote about how leadership doesn’t have to come from a defined position — leadership comes from who you are,” Herman said. “That was the gist of the essay, which I saved and recycled in large part when I applied to business school at Stanford.
“So Larry had a huge impact on me. I’m in debt to him for a very long time.”
Now, at 40, she’s far removed from those childhood days of bravely wearing a green, puffy Celtics jacket around New York. But this lifelong passion for sports helps explain why Herman veered from her technology-company path and joined the 49ers two years ago.
She blended her interests and expertise in helping lead the effort to arrange permanent financing for Levi’s Stadium, the team’s new $1.3 billion home in Santa Clara. Herman also offers a fresh voice in NFL circles, as teams try to use new technology to improve their business operations.
Her style is a mix of patience and feistiness. Vlado Herman, her husband, described the way she calmly listens to 49ers fans, in social settings, vent about stadium issues (usually parking and food). She defuses any tension by hearing them out and offering assurances the team is working on the problem.
At the same time, he leaned on her as the “bad cop” in dealing with contractors during a recent renovation of their Los Gatos home.
“She’s tough as nails,” Vlado said.
***
Herman played volleyball, basketball and softball in high school, but she knew her athletic future was limited at 5-foot-3.
She found academic and career motivation in her mom, Regina Sternlicht. Herman’s dad worked in software sales and her mom, after years as an art teacher, returned to school and studied computer science. She retired this past summer as director of information technology for one of New York City’s largest hospital organizations.
Herman’s mom also made it seem perfectly natural to balance her demanding career with household responsibilities.
“I think I was always inspired by my mom but pushed by my dad,” Herman said.
She chose Stanford over Yale, mostly to assert her independence (as if rooting for the Celtics weren’t enough). Herman majored in international relations, essentially a combination of economics and political science, and envisioned working for the World Bank after earning a master’s degree and MBA (also at Stanford).
Instead, she landed her first job at nearby Hewlett-Packard as a currency trader in the international treasury group. Herman didn’t seek a career in technology, but her understanding of the math behind interest rates and exchange rates sparked a 16-year run on the finance side of several high-tech heavyweights.
One of her first bosses at HP was Cathie  Lesjak, now the company’s CFO. She became a mentor to Herman, and an example of how to prosper as a woman in finance.
“She was very smart,” Lesjak said. “Cipora didn’t define her job with hard walls around it. She did more than what was required. … She spoke up — not in your face in a bad way, but she’s willing to put herself out there. That’s what makes her stand out.”
Later, at Yahoo, Herman worked for a finance executive named Gideon Yu. That relationship changed the course of her career, partly because they clicked and partly because Yu made sure, in Herman’s words, to give her “credit and exposure” for what she accomplished.
Herman followed Yu to Facebook and eventually to the 49ers, where he served as team president from February 2012 to January 2014. He saw in her a distinctive mix of numbers-crunching intelligence and people skills.
“Cipora can forge relationships and speak the right language to the right person,” said Yu, who still owns a small piece of the 49ers but is no longer involved in day-to-day operations. “She’s not a financial person who always shoves numbers in your face.”
The timing of Herman’s move from Facebook to the 49ers, in October 2012, was logical in several respects. She knew the 49ers were preparing to launch their tech-savvy stadium, and she was intrigued by other businesses the team was starting (including a restaurant inside the stadium).
Also, five months earlier in May ’12, she was heavily involved in Facebook’s messy initial public offering; the stock was overpriced and Nasdaq technical issues compounded the trouble. (The stock, in fairness, has nearly doubled in value since its original $38 price.) Herman, the company’s treasurer and vice president of finance at the time, was one of several Facebook executives to leave in the aftermath of the IPO, probably with handsome profits from the company going public.
She said she was “a little burned out” at Facebook and insisted the IPO problems weren’t a factor in her departure to the strange, new realm of professional sports.
***
As recently as 20-25 years ago, the NFL didn’t really know how to react to a high-ranking female executive.
Amy Trask, then a rising star in the Raiders’ front office, accompanied club owner Al Davis to league meetings in the early 1990s. It was the first time a woman attended an owners’ meeting, and Trask needed no sixth sense to recognize her presence bothered several owners (who went dead silent when she sat down). She later spent more than 15 years as the team’s chief executive officer.
Men still dominate the upper levels of the NFL in 2014, but Herman’s position with the 49ers highlights a significant female presence. She’s one of six  female CFOs in the league, and numerous other women hold titles of vice president or above. The 49ers’ director of legal affairs is Hannah Gordon, a onetime Raiders intern.
Even so, Herman was skeptical when she interviewed with CEO Jed York. She knew the strength of matriarchs in the family, as she put it — Denise DeBartolo York, Jed’s mom, is the team’s co-chair — but she still needed persuading.
“I told Jed the one concern I have is what it’s like to be a senior woman in this organization,” Herman said. “He walked me through how he thinks about it, and the way he presented it has played out. I’ve never felt like it’s been an obstacle.”
It’s still natural to wonder if Herman was uncomfortable amid the domestic abuse furor to engulf the NFL earlier this season. The 49ers found themselves at the center of the storm, after defensive tackle Ray McDonald was arrested Aug. 31 on suspicion of felony domestic violence. 
Club officials let McDonald play while San Jose police conducted their investigation, a decision sparking widespread criticism. The Santa Clara County district attorney’s office, citing insufficient evidence, announced Monday that it would not press charges against McDonald.
As for the decision to allow McDonald to play during the investigation, Herman said, “I know everything the York family does and says comes from the heart and their core values. So I trust how they’re leading our franchise through this period of time.”
More than her gender, Herman discovered challenges the past two years in her status as an NFL outsider. She didn’t work in the league during the 2011 lockout, for example, so she doesn’t have the “battle scars” of other CFOs. This added to her learning curve upon joining the 49ers.
Even so, Herman found most colleagues around the NFL view her Silicon Valley background as refreshing. She serves on the league’s Club Technology Advisory Board, comprised of six to eight senior-level executives charged with aligning technology and business objectives among the 32 teams. 
This illustrates why more teams, and the league itself, are hiring people such as Herman from other industries. 
“The reason for that, in my view, is the magnitude of these businesses,” said Trask, now a commentator on the CBS Sports Network. “You’re talking about entities worth more than $1 billion in some cases. That wasn’t the case 30 years ago.”
***
Levi’s is the first NFL stadium built in California since the 1960s. Given this history, and the complexities of such a huge project, plenty of people doubted the 49ers’ ability to complete the financing and open the stadium on time. 
But they did.
Yu arranged the construction financing and Herman  (and Yu) spearheaded the permanent financing, covering $850 million (not counting $200 million in NFL financing). She leaned on her experience at Yahoo and Facebook among other stops, working with bankers and capital markets, to help the Stadium Funding Trust issue 26-year bonds and other loans stretching five and 10 years. 
The project still raised concern among some Santa Clara residents. Deborah Bress, a member of the grassroots group opposing city subsidizing of the stadium, told The Chronicle in August that “this is not a good deal for Santa Clara,” and predicted the stadium will cut into the city’s general fund. 
Herman disputed this, saying, “The entire structure put together was done with a keen eye to protecting the city’s general fund.”
Beyond this piece of her job, Herman has made an impact on the way the 49ers do business. York, the CEO, called her “instrumental” in making sure the stadium was financed appropriately, and he praised her technology background as especially helpful on a daily basis.
“It’s just taking more of a Silicon Valley attitude and bringing it to sports — that definitely changed the dynamic of our team,” York said. “We’re much more analytical now because of Cipora. … She made her mark very quickly. If you can deliver, the other things don’t really matter, whether you’re male or female or your ethnicity.”
Herman’s job clearly resonates with her husband, who grew up in San Jose as a 49ers fan. They met through a mutual friend and have been married 12 years; Vlado Herman, formerly chief financial officer at Yelp, now holds the same position at GitHub, a San Francisco software company.
Their kids, 8-year-old Sarah and 6-year-old David, also get a kick out of mom’s gig, often attending games with their parents. David even sat still on the couch long enough to watch one road game on television with Cipora.
“I’m finally cool to my son,” she said, chuckling, “and I think it can last a while.”

Ron Kroichick is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: rkroichick@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ronkroichick

 





















Latest from the SFGATE homepage:Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page.











The Trump Presidency
 



Trump pushes out Priebus, names DHS' Kelly WH chief of staff
Trump to sign bill for new sanctions on Russia
Hollywood, D.C. respond on Twitter after 'skinny repeal' fails
The night McCain killed the GOP's health-care fight
Report: Scaramucci’s wife files for divorce

 
















LATEST NEWS
 



NKorea says 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range
Registered sex offender busted in Fremont assault
Katie Couric leaving Yahoo news site
Magnitude 5.1 quake strikes near Ferndale
Oakland rapper Zion I robbed during music video shoot
Kevin Durant sets Guinness World Record in India
SF carjacking linked to vehicle arson fire
Ranger whose stolen gun killed Steinle to testify in trial

 








'Green spots' on Oroville Dam raise concerns
State orders 93 dam spillways checked after Oroville...
Engineering expert blasts management failures at Oroville Dam








Photos: World Bodypainting Festival takes (it all) off in Austria
Thousands of naked bicyclists swarm Philly








These once-classic baby names are at risk of going extinct
Yelp, with birth plan features, wants to be your digital doula








In West Marin, the past lives on through dive bars
Nico to replace Bocadillos in Jackson Square



 

 









TODAY'S TOP PICKS
 



Are you an SF foodie? Test your local restaurant knowledge
Bizarre beauty pageants from California's past
The Ravens signed a quarterback. No, it wasn't Kaepernick

 

 




 

























Most Popular






1

Hip-hop star Zion I robbed of $90,000 camera during West...



2

‘Wonder Woman’ gives different perspective to an action movie



3

Trump pushes out Priebus, names Kelly WH chief of staff



4

Records fall in Game 2, fans brawl as James walks by



5

Photos: World Bodypainting Festival takes (it all) off in Austria



6

Woman attacked and robbed on Muni bus in SF



7

Anthony Scaramucci’s Wife Files for Divorce (Report)



8

Kevin Durant sets Guinness World Record in India



9

After Senate rejects 'skinny repeal' bill, Hollywood and DC...



10

NY Post Roasts Trump White House With Epic Cover, Evokes...






 




 









Giants plan Hello Kitty-themed game day for August
        












LATEST NEWS
 



NKorea says 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range
Registered sex offender busted in Fremont assault
Katie Couric leaving Yahoo news site
Magnitude 5.1 quake strikes near Ferndale
Oakland rapper Zion I robbed during music video shoot
Kevin Durant sets Guinness World Record in India
SF carjacking linked to vehicle arson fire
Ranger whose stolen gun killed Steinle to testify in trial

 

 




 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 






























San Francisco 49ers: Cipora Herman














































My Account











 




Stay Connected @49ers











Podcast E-Mail Instagram Twitter FacebookFlickr







News




Video




Photos




Team




Schedule




Tickets




Suites




Stadium




Shop




More










Loading...



Loading...



Loading...



Loading...



Loading...



Loading...



Loading...



Loading...



Loading...



Loading...














Training Camp Presented by SAP
TNF
Jr. Gold Rush


































Up Next
Next













There are no Events to display in this category.




Prev



View More Events »



Show More
Close





On Now




Coming Up



Sat., Jul. 29, 2017

                                        11:50 AM
                                                - 12:25 PM PDT


Live

Kyle Shanahan Media Availaibility | 12:00pm PST

The head coach of the 49ers meets with the media after the second training camp practice.







View More Events »
















Coaches And Staff



















Share




Facebook
Twitter
StumbleUpon
Digg
Reddit
Delicious
Diigo



Link



URL:



Email






* Required field
Allow up to 5 recipients


Recipient Email *

Send up to 5 emails, separate emails with a comma


Sender Email *
























Cipora
Herman


Chief Financial Officer















BIOGRAPHY



			Cipora Herman is in her fourth season as the 49ers chief financial officer, after having become the first woman named to the position in team history, in 2012. In her role, Herman manages the finance, legal, human resources, information technology and community relations functions of the team. In 2013, Herman led the team responsible for securing the long-term financing for Levi’s® Stadium.  Herman joined the 49ers following a successful career in Silicon Valley’s Tech industry, having most recently served as treasurer and vice president of finance at Facebook since September of 2007. During her time at Facebook, she was responsible for directing the day-to-day operations of the corporate finance and treasury teams. Herman led numerous rounds of capital raising, both debt and equity, established the global banking infrastructure, and built the budgeting and forecasting framework. Prior to her stint at Facebook, Herman served as vice president finance and treasurer for Yahoo!. In 2006, she was named to the 40 Under 40 List by Treasury and Risk Magazine. Herman has held other finance and banking positions at Siebel Systems (acquired by Oracle), Hewlett-Packard Co., Agilent Technologies, and Goldman Sachs. Herman holds an A.B. in International Relations, an M.A. in International Development Policy, and an MBA, all from Stanford University. A native of the Bronx, NY, Herman lives in Los Gatos, CA, with her husband, Vlado, and two children, Sarah and David.

			Cipora Herman is in her fourth season as the 49ers chief financial officer, after having become the first woman named to the position in team history, in 2012. In her role, Herman manages the finance, legal, human resources, information technology and community relations functions of the team. In 2013, Herman led the team responsible for securing the long-term financing for Levi’s® Stadium.  Herman joined the 49ers following a successful career in Silicon Valley’s Tech industry, having most recently served as treasurer and vice president of finance at Facebook since September of 2007. During her time at Facebook, she was responsible for directing the day-to-day operations of the corporate finance and treasury teams. Herman led numerous rounds of capital raising, both debt and equity, established the global banking infrastructure, and built the budgeting and forecasting framework. Prior to her stint at Facebook, Herman served as vice president finance and treasurer for Yahoo!. In 2006, she was named to the 40 Under 40 List by Treasury and Risk Magazine. Herman has held other finance and banking positions at Siebel Systems (acquired by Oracle), Hewlett-Packard Co., Agilent Technologies, and Goldman Sachs. Herman holds an A.B. in International Relations, an M.A. in International Development Policy, and an MBA, all from Stanford University. A native of the Bronx, NY, Herman lives in Los Gatos, CA, with her husband, Vlado, and two children, Sarah and David.



More +











Photos
 






































More Photos »











Recent Articles
 













NaVorro Bowman Ready to 'Start from Scratch', Earn His Stripes in 2017


By Joe Fann
                        
							-
						
                    
Posted 2 hours ago

The leader of San Francisco's defense knows everything will have to be earned with the 49ers new regime.








Jaquiski Tartt is Already Showcasing Versatility in 49ers Secondary


By Keiana Martin
                        
							-
						
                    
Posted 4 hours ago

The third-year safety Tartt stepped in at free safety following a hamstring injury to Jimmie Ward.








Solomon Thomas: 'My Agent Knew I Wanted to Be Out Here'


By Joe Fann
                        
							-
						
                    
Posted 5 hours ago

The 49ers first-round pick is happy to have his deal done and now shifts his focus to training camp.








14 Observations from 49ers Training Camp: July 28


By Joe Fann
                        
							-
						
                    
Posted 7 hours ago

Reuben Foster provided the first of many highlights from Friday's practice as the 49ers begin training camp.








49ers Sign First-round Pick Solomon Thomas


By 49ers Staff
                        
							-
						
                    
Posted 10 hours ago

The San Francisco 49ers announced on Friday that they have signed defensive lineman Solomon Thomas to a four-year deal.








Subscribe












Recent Videos
 














Camp Highlight: Armstrong's Athletic Pass Break Up


Posted 4 hours ago

The fifth-year linebacker nearly intercepted a pass deep downfield while keeping up with Joe Williams in coverage.









Camp Highlight: Hoyer Threads the Needle to Garcon


Posted 5 hours ago

Two of the new faces on the 49ers offense linked up for a big gain in the team's first practice of training camp.









Camp Highlight: Goodwin Flashes Speed on Long TD


Posted 5 hours ago

The 49ers wide receiver hauled in a slant pass from Brian Hoyer and took it all the way for a touchdown.









Camp Highlight: Reuben Foster Grabs Interception


Posted 5 hours ago

The rookie linebacker picked off a batted pass during the team's first training camp practice.









Solomon Thomas Inks his Four-year Deal with 49ers


Posted 5 hours ago

A behind the scenes look at the third-overall pick signing his rookie deal with the team.








Subscribe























© 2017 Forty Niners Football Company LLC

49ers.com:NewsVideoPhotosRosterScheduleExtras:TicketsShopMediaFans OnlyCommunityGold RushContact:Contact UsEmploymentLegal:Privacy PolicyWebsite AccessibilityTerms & ConditionsMore Sites:NFL.com Levi's StadiumFaithful Rewards Presented by Esurance
No portion of this site may be reproduced without the express written permission of The San Francisco 49ers.



















NFL.com


NFLRush.com


NFLPlayers.com


NFL Ticket Exchange


NFL Youth Tackle


Profootballhof.com






NFL Shop


NFL Auction


NFL Network


NFL On Location


In The Community


NFLHealthandSafety.com







Bills


Dolphins


Patriots


Jets






Ravens


Bengals


Browns


Steelers






Texans


Colts


Jaguars


Titans






Broncos


Chiefs


Raiders


Chargers







Cowboys


Giants


Eagles


Redskins






Bears


Lions


Packers


Vikings






Falcons


Panthers


Saints


Buccaneers






Cardinals


Rams


49ers


Seahawks
































Cipora Herman - CB Insights






















Customers


Case Studies & Testimonials




All 68 testimonials




Deal Makers

Venture Capital
Corporate Development / M&A
Corporate Venture Capital
Sales & Business Development
Investment Banks
Wealth Management
Growth Equity Investors



Strategy / Product

Corporate Strategy
Corporate Innovation
Competitive Intelligence
Strategy Consulting
Product Development





Advisors / Consulting

Investment Banks
Lawyers
Strategy Consulting



Non-profits

Universities
Economic Development






Platform

Venture Capital Database

Insights & Company Intel

Business Social Graph

Mosaic Rating

Company Mosaic
Investor Mosaic
Market Mosaic



Analytics & Data Viz

Industry Analytics
Investor Analytics
Geo Analytics





Venture Capital and M&A/IPO Data

Deal Feeds & Alerts



Productivity Tools

Chrome browser plugin
Mobile app





Services

On-Demand Research
Custom Content / Marketing Services
Expert By CB Insights


Research

Get our newsletter (145K+ have it)
Reports
Webinars
Research blog
Insurance Tech blog


The Company

About Us
Press
We're hiring
Team Blog


Pricing
Try us for free
Log in





Login


Try us for free


Customers




Case studies & testimonials




Read all 68 testimonials



Deal Makers

Venture Capital Firms
Corporate Venture
Corporate Development / M&A
Growth Equity Investors
Investment Banks
Wealth Management

Advisors / Consulting

Law firms
Strategy Consulting



Strategy / Product

Strategy Consulting
Corporate Strategy
Corporate Innovation
Competitive Intelligence
Product Development
Sales and Business Development

Non-profits

Universities
Economic Development Organizations







Platform





Insights & Company Intel





Business Social Graph








Mosaic Rating

Company Mosaic
Investor Mosaic
Market Mosaic






Venture Capital and M&A/IPO Data

Venture Capital Database
Private Company Valuations & Multiples





Analytics & Data Viz

Industry Analytics
Investor Analytics
Geo Analytics






Productivity Tools






Chrome browser plugin











Mobile app













Services



On-Demand Research
Custom Content / Marketing Services
Expert By CB Insights




Research



Get our newsletter (145K+ have it)
Reports
Webinars
Research blog
Insurance Tech blog




The Company



About Us
Press
We're hiring
Team Blog




Pricing







Want to know when the  profile changes?
(i.e., raised new financing round, new competitors added, change to the board, etc.)

 

Cipora Herman 





Dashboard


Investments


Exits


Fund History


Investor Analytics


People


Investor Syndicate Dashboard


Acquirer Analytics


Patents



Cipora Herman - Exits


Show Real Data




See all Recent Investments
		



Date
Company
Valuation
Exit
Acquirer
Press Mentions



 


See all 1 exits 




		Looks like we don't have any data on this yet.
	





×
Name your new list


Come up with a name for your new list and we'll add  to it:




Cancel
Create list









Already a member? Click here to login  
	          Close



























Cipora Herman, Former CFO of the San Francisco 49ers, Appointed to MINDBODY Board of Directors Nasdaq:MB









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Cipora Herman, Former CFO of the San Francisco 49ers, Appointed to MINDBODY Board of Directors




















October 24, 2016 16:05 ET

 | Source: MINDBODY






SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif., Oct.  24, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MINDBODY, Inc. (NASDAQ:MB), the leading provider of cloud-based business management software for the wellness services industry, today announced the appointment of Cipora Herman to its Board of Directors. Herman served as Chief Financial Officer for the National Football League’s San Francisco 49ers for four seasons and in 2012, was the first woman named to the position in team history. In her role, Herman managed the team’s financial, legal, human resources, information technology and community relations functions. In 2013, Herman led the team responsible for securing the long-term financing for Levi’s® Stadium, the 49ers’ state-of-the-art home venue in Santa Clara.   Prior to joining the 49ers, Herman served as Treasurer and Vice President of Finance at Facebook, where she was instrumental in preparing the company for its initial public offering. Before Facebook, Herman served as Vice President of Finance and Treasurer for Yahoo! and has held finance and banking positions at Siebel Systems (acquired by Oracle), Hewlett-Packard Co., Agilent Technologies and Goldman Sachs.  “Cipora’s expertise has earned her leadership positions at some of the world’s most renowned and innovative consumer brands,” said Rick Stollmeyer, MINDBODY’s CEO and Co-founder. “Her diverse experience across a range of industries will add unique perspective to our Board as we continue to expand our global business and consumer user base. We are thrilled to welcome her to the team.”    “I am looking forward to working with MINDBODY, a team that like me, believes in the incredible opportunities created by leveraging technology to improve our health and lifestyles,” said Herman. “The work that MINDBODY is doing to help people live healthier and happier lives through easy-to-use technologies is the way of the future, and I look forward to contributing to their efforts.” Herman was named to the 40 Under 40 List by Treasury and Risk Magazine in 2006 and has served on the National Football League’s Technology Advisory Board. She holds an A.B. in International Relations, an M.A. in International Development Policy, and an MBA, all from Stanford University.  About MINDBODY  MINDBODY (NASDAQ:MB) is the leading provider of cloud-based business management software for the wellness services industry and an emerging consumer marketplace. Over 55,000 local businesses and 316,000 wellness practitioners in over 130 countries and territories use MINDBODY's integrated software and payments platform to run, market and build their businesses. These practitioners provide a variety of wellness services to approximately 31 million active consumers who use the MINDBODY platform to more easily evaluate, engage and transact with them to live healthier and happier lives. For more information, visit mindbodyonline.com. © 2016 MINDBODY, Inc. All rights reserved. MINDBODY, the Enso logo and Love Your Business are trademarks or registered trademarks of MINDBODY, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.Media Contact:
Tracy Richmond
tracy.richmond@mindbodyonline.com                                                                                               
805-586-3226


Related Articles
other press releases by MINDBODY


MINDBODY Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results
July 26, 2017 16:05


MINDBODY to Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on July 26, 2017
July 10, 2017 16:05


MINDBODY Announces Pricing of Follow-On Offering
May 24, 2017 19:53


MINDBODY Announces Proposed Follow-On Offering
May 22, 2017 16:14


MINDBODY To Present at the Jefferies Technology Group Investor Conference
May 05, 2017 09:00








Profile

MINDBODY





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  San Luis Obispo, California, UNITED STATES
  http://www.mindbodyonline.com




Contact Data
Media Contact:
Tracy Richmond
tracy.richmond@mindbodyonline.com                                                                                               
805-586-3226

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



MINDBODY  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

























































MINDBODY: Cipora Herman, Former CFO of the San Francisco 49ers, Appointed to MINDBODY Board of Directors











































 












Cipora Herman, Former CFO of the San Francisco 49ers, Appointed to MINDBODY Board of Directors

Facebook Share
Tweet
Google Plus



October 24, 2016          Download PDF
Media Contact:
Tracy Richmond
tracy.richmond@mindbodyonline.com
805-586-3226
Cipora Herman, Former CFO of the San Francisco 49ers, Appointed to MINDBODY Board of Directors
San Luis Obispo, CA – October 24, 2016 – MINDBODY (NASDAQ: MB), the leading provider of cloud-based business management software for the wellness services industry, today announced the appointment of Cipora Herman to its Board of Directors.
Herman served as Chief Financial Officer for the National Football League’s San Francisco 49ers for four seasons and in 2012, was the first woman named to the position in team history. In her role, Herman managed the team’s financial, legal, human resources, information technology and community relations functions. In 2013, Herman led the team responsible for securing the long-term financing for Levi’s® Stadium, the 49ers’ state-of-the-art home venue in Santa Clara.
Prior to joining the 49ers, Herman served as Treasurer and Vice President of Finance at Facebook, where she was instrumental in preparing the company for its initial public offering. Before Facebook, Herman served as Vice President of Finance and Treasurer for Yahoo! and has held finance and banking positions at Siebel Systems (acquired by Oracle), Hewlett-Packard Co., Agilent Technologies and Goldman Sachs.“Cipora’s expertise has earned her leadership positions at some of the world’s most renowned and innovative consumer brands,” said Rick Stollmeyer, MINDBODY’s CEO and Co-founder. “Her diverse experience across a range of industries will add unique perspective to our Board as we continue to expand our global business and consumer user base. We are thrilled to welcome her to the team.”
“I am looking forward to working with MINDBODY, a team that like me, believes in the incredible opportunities created by leveraging technology to improve our health and lifestyles,” said Herman.  “The work that MINDBODY is doing to help people live healthier and happier lives through easy-to-use technologies is the way of the future, and I look forward to contributing to their efforts.”
Herman was named to the 40 Under 40 List by Treasury and Risk Magazine in 2006 and has served on the National Football League’s Technology Advisory Board. She holds an A.B. in International Relations, an M.A. in International Development Policy, and an MBA, all from Stanford University.
About MINDBODY
MINDBODY (NASDAQ: MB) is the leading provider of cloud-based business management software for the wellness services industry and an emerging consumer marketplace. Over 55,000 local businesses and 316,000 wellness practitioners in over 130 countries and territories use MINDBODY’s integrated software and payments platform to run, market and build their businesses. These practitioners provide a variety of wellness services to approximately 31 million active consumers who use the MINDBODY platform to more easily evaluate, engage and transact with them to live healthier and happier lives. For more information, visit mindbodyonline.com.
# # #
© 2016 MINDBODY, Inc. All rights reserved. MINDBODY, the Enso logo and Love Your Business are trademarks or registered trademarks of MINDBODY, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.  









Recent Releases


 July 26, 2017 
 MINDBODY Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results  

 July 10, 2017 
 MINDBODY to Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on July 26, 2017  

 June 19, 2017 
 Mike Mansbach Named President of MINDBODY  

 June 14, 2017 
 Court Cunningham, Former CEO of Yodle, is Elected to MINDBODY Board of Directors  

 






 



Dismiss







Ready to sign up?
You'll get instant access and can begin using MINDBODY right away. Start by choosing the level that matches your business goals.
Buy Now


(877) 755-4279


Live Chat





Questions first?
Request a 20-minute demo to see how MINDBODY could transform your business.




First Name



Last Name



Business Name



Email





United Kingdom (+44)
Australia (+61)
Germany (+49)
Netherlands (+31)
New Zealand (+64)
Spain (+34)
Afghanistan (+93)
Albania (+355)
Algeria (+213)
American Samoa (+1684)
Andorra (+376)
Angola (+244)
Anguilla (+1264)
Antarctica (+672)
Antigua and Barbuda (+1268)
Argentina (+54)
Armenia (+374)
Aruba (+297)
Austria (+43)
Azerbaijan (+994)
"Bahamas, The (+1242)"
Bahrain (+973)
Bangladesh (+880)
Barbados (+1246)
Belarus (+375)
Belgium (+32)
Belize (+501)
Benin (+229)
Bermuda (+1441)
Bhutan (+975)
Bolivia (+591)
Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387)
Botswana (+267)
Bouvet Island (+47)
Brazil (+55)
British Indian Ocean Territory (+246)
Brunei (+673)
Bulgaria (+359)
Burkina Faso (+226)
Burundi (+257)
Cabo Verde (+238)
Cambodia (+855)
Cameroon (+237)
Canada (+1)
Cape Verde (+238)
Cayman Islands (+1345)
Central African Republic (+236)
Chad (+235)
Chile (+56)
China (+86)
Christmas Island (+61 89164)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (+61 89162)
Colombia (+57)
Comoros (+269)
Congo (+242)
Congo (DRC) (+243)
Cook Islands (+682)
Costa Rica (+506)
Croatia (+385)
Cuba (+53)
Curacao- Island of (+5999)
Cyprus (+357)
Czech Republic (+420)
Denmark (+45)
Djibouti (+253)
Dominica (+1767)
Dominican Republic (+18)
Ecuador (+593)
Egypt (+20)
El Salvador (+503)
Equatorial Guinea (+240)
Eritrea (+291)
Estonia (+372)
Ethiopia (+251)
Falkland Islands (+500)
Faroe Islands (+298)
Fiji (+679)
Finland (+358)
France (+33)
French Guiana (+594)
French Polynesia (+689)
Gabon (+241)
"Gambia, The (+220)"
Georgia (+995)
Ghana (+233)
Gibraltar (+350)
Greece (+30)
Greenland (+299)
Grenada (+1473)
Guadeloupe (+590)
Guam (+1671)
Guatemala (+502)
Guernsey (+441481)
Guinea (+224)
Guinea-Bissau (+245)
Guyana (+592)
Haiti (+509)
Heard Island and McDonald Islands (+334)
Holy See (Vatican City) (+3)
Honduras (+504)
Hong Kong SAR (+852)
Hungary (+36)
Iceland (+354)
India (+91)
Indonesia (+62)
Iran (+98)
Iraq (+964)
Ireland (+353)
Isle of Man (+44 1624)
Isreal (+972)
Italy (+39)
Ivory Coast (+225)
Jamaica (+1876)
Japan (+81)
Jersey (+44 1534)
Jordan (+962)
Kazakhstan (+7)
Kenya (+254)
Kiribati (+686)
Korea (+82)
Kuwait (+965)
Kyrgyzstan (+996)
Laos (+856)
Latvia (+371)
Lebanon (+961)
Lesotho (+266)
Liberia (+231)
Libya (+218)
Liechtenstein (+423)
Lithuania (+370)
Luxembourg (+352)
Macao SAR (+853)
"Macedonia, FYRO (+389)"
Madagascar (+261)
Malawi (+265)
Malaysia (+60)
Maldives (+960)
Mali (+223)
Malta (+356)
Marshall Islands (+692)
Martinique (+596)
Mauritania (+222)
Mauritius (+230)
Mayotte (+269)
Mexico (+52)
Mironesia (+691)
Moldova (+373)
Monaco (+377)
Mongolia (+976)
Montenegro (+382)
Montserrat (+1664)
Morocco (+212)
Mozambique (+258)
Myanmar (+95)
Namibia (+264)
Nauru (+674)
Nepal (+977)
Netherlands Antilles (+599)
New Caledonia (+687)
Nicaragua (+505)
Niger (+227)
Nigeria (+234)
Niue (+683)
Norfolk Island (+6723)
Northern Mariana Islands (+1670)
North Korea (+850)
Norway (+47)
Oman (+968)
Pakistan (+92)
Palau (+680)
Palestinian Authority (+970)
Panama (+507)
Papua New Guinea (+675)
Paraguay (+595)
Peru (+51)
Philippines (+63)
Pitcairn (+649)
Poland (+48)
Portugal (+351)
Puerto Rico (+1787)
Qatar (+974)
Reunion (+262)
Romania (+40)
Russia (+7)
Rwanda (+250)
Saint Helena (+290)
Saint Kitts and Nevis (+1869)
Saint Lucia (+1758)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon (+508)
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (+1784)
Samoa (+685)
San Marino (+378)
Sao Tome and Principe (+239)
Saudi Arabia (+966)
Senegal (+221)
Serbia (+381)
Seychelles (+248)
Sierra Leone (+232)
Singapore (+65)
Sint Maarten (+1721)
Slovakia (+421)
Slovenia (+386)
Solomon Islands (+677)
Somalia (+252)
South Africa (+27)
South Georgia and Sandwich Islands (+44)
Sri Lanka (+94)
"St Helena, Ascension, Tristan da Cunha (+290)"
Sudan (+249)
Suriname (+597)
Svalbard and Jan Mayen (+47)
Swaziland (+268)
Sweden (+46)
Switzerland (+41)
Syria (+963)
Taiwan (+886)
Tajikistan (+992)
Tanzania (+255)
Thailand (+66)
Timor-Leste (+670)
Togo (+228)
Tokelau (+690)
Tonga (+676)
Trinidad and Tobago (+1868)
Tunisia (+216)
Turkey (+90)
Turkmenistan (+993)
Turks and Caicos Islands (+1649)
Tuvalu (+688)
Uganda (+256)
Ukraine (+380)
United Arab Emirates (+971)
United States (+1)
Uruguay (+598)
Virgin Islands - US (+1340)
Virgin Islands - British (+1284)
Uzbekistan (+998)
Vanuatu (+678)
Venezuela (+58)
Vietnam (+84)
Wallis and Futuna (+681)
Yemen (+967)
Zambia (+260)
Zimbabwe (+263)



Phone



Select Your Country



-- Select Your Country* --
United States
Australia
Canada
Hong Kong
Ireland
Singapore
United Kingdom
Other




Select Your Industry



-- Select Your Industry* --
CrossFit
Health Club
Dance
Fitness
MMA
Massage
Personal Training
Pilates
Physical Therapy
Salon
Spa
Sports Performance
Wellness
Yoga
Other
Franchise




How many Professionals?*



-- How many professionals? --
It's just me
I'm part of a team







































Get a Demo

Privacy Policy
*required fields






Thank you!
          You will be contacted shortly to schedule your demo. In the meantime, check out this tip sheet to help you ask all the right questions during your demo. 



5 Things to Ask About in Your Demo
Choosing software can be overwhelming. Maximize your experience with this list of things to focus on so that you get the most out of your demo. 
Download PDF


Already know that MINDBODY is the right choice for you? Buy Now







Dismiss



Choose your industry to take a tour:


Fitness


Personal Training


Box Training


Salon


Spa


Massage


Yoga


Wellness


Pilates



Dance
Martial Arts
Sports Performance
PT/OT
Franchise
Health Club






Dismiss























cipora herman's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up cipora herman#341771@ciporahermanCFO30Following13FollowersFollow1 UpvoteHandleYour workflow companion seamlessly integrated w/ Google AppsApple Watch+ 5 save 681 10Share this profile






