

Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

1347 Capital Corp
1st NRG Corp.
24Holdings Inc
2Ksounds Corp
51143 Inc.
51144 Inc.
51149 Inc
5V Inc.
8888 Acquisition CORP
AJ Acquisition Corp I, Inc.
AJ Acquisition Corp. II, Inc.
AMERICAN LASER HEALTHCARE Corp
AMERICATOWNE Inc.
AOTS 30, Inc.
ASM Acquisition CO LTD



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp




Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp





      Loading...
    





Former Names
Cloud Run Acquisition Corp (until 2014-01-09)Standard IndustryClassification
Blank checksAddress

No. 56 Halaman Bukit Gambir 9, 11700 Gelugor, Penang, N8 11700
Phone
6012470-5688



Sample Contracts



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
October 13, 2015 Board of Director Heyu Leisure Holiday Corporation Westwood
Business Center Grapevine, Texas 76051 Dear Board of Director,
(December 28th, 2015)
The purpose of this letter is to inform you of my resignation from my current position as Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") with Heyu Leisure Holiday Corporation. My last day of work will be on Friday, 13 November, 2015.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
Property Transfer Contract
(October 6th, 2015)
According to "contract law of the People's Republic of China" and relevant laws and regulations, on the basis of equality, voluntariness, fairness, honesty, trustworthiness and agreement of negotiations, Party A will transfer 66-year property right of Yuanboyuan garden to Party B as a hotel, offices, shops and other purpose. Party B will pay the cost to Party A of transfer of property rights and other matters to conclude the following contract.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
Contract
(July 20th, 2015)




Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
Contract
(July 20th, 2015)




Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION, UNITED STATES (CIK#:0001586573) Co-
Ordinating Address(U.S.): Westwood Business Centre 611 South Main Street,
Grapevine, TX76051.
(July 20th, 2015)
Operating Office Address (China): 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province 36100, China.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
Memorandum of Understanding
(February 9th, 2015)
With the purpose of resource sharing and mutual development, Party A and Party B agree as follows through friendly negotiation on the principle of equality and mutual benefit:



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
Contract
(February 9th, 2015)




Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization Page Number 1
(February 9th, 2015)
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION ("Agreement") among Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Acquisition"), Heyu Capital Limited, a limited company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong ("Client") and the person listed in Exhibit A hereof (the "Shareholder"), being the owner of record of all of the issued and outstanding stock of Client.



Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp –
Memorandum of Understanding
(February 9th, 2015)
With the purpose of resource sharing and mutual development, Party A and Party B agree as follows through friendly negotiation on the principle of equality and mutual benefit:













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp
                    

•   11700 GELUGOR, PENANG, N8
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp is based out of 11700 Gelugor, Penang.    WhaleWisdom has at least 4 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp.  The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2015-01-15.  The notice  included securities offered of Equity
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




heyu leisure holidays corp


NO. 56 HALAMAN BUKIT GAMBIR 9

11700 GELUGOR, PENANG
N8
                                                        
                                                    11700


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      6012470-5688
SEC SIC CODE:6770-BLANK CHECKS







Recent SEC Filings




10-K filed on 05/30/2017
8-K filed on 05/01/2017
NT 10-K filed on 03/31/2017
UPLOAD filed on 12/21/2016
UPLOAD filed on 03/07/2016
UPLOAD filed on 10/27/2015
UPLOAD filed on 08/17/2015
UPLOAD filed on 03/10/2015
UPLOAD filed on 03/06/2014
UPLOAD filed on 12/27/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2015-01-15
D
LODGING AND CONVENTIONS

      Equity
    
INDEFINITE
5,900
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ANG   BAN SIONG

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



TAN   GUAN CHUAN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



TAN   HUNG SENG

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Hung Seng Tan, Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Hung Seng Tan

Executive Director,
Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp






Career History




Executive Director
Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp, 2014-PRESENT







Corporate Information
Address:

611 South Main Street
Westwood Business Center
Grapevine, TX 76051
United States


Phone:
86-592-504-9622


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Ansted University
Bachelor's Degree, Engineering, 7/2007








Memberships



Board Memberships




Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp


Board Member, 2014-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data











































 



  1236775D:OTC BB Stock Quote - Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp   1236775D:US   OTC BB    Pending Listing   1236775D:US is pending listing   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.00    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp manages and operates full-service hotel chains in China.    Address  611 South Main StreetWestwood Business CenterGrapevine, TX 76051United States   Phone  86-592-504-9622   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Ban Siong Ang  Managing Dir/CEO/Interim CFO    Hung Seng Tan  Executive Director     Show More         


Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp's  (HLHC) Suppliers by Company, Division and Industry - CSIMarket






 














Company Name or Ticker Symbol








Search for other Categories













HOME
STOCKS


Stock Profile
Company Fundamentals
Company Financials
Company Expectations
Company Descriptions
Charts & Quotes
News
Company Suppliers
Company Competitors
Company Markets  Customers
Economic Indicators


INDUSTRIES


Performance by Industry
Growth Rates by Industry
Profitability by Industry
Valuation by Industry
Financial Strength by Industry


ECONOMY


Advance Monthly Sales
Consumer Price Index CPI
Producer Price Index PPI
Retail Inventories
Personal Income
Gross Domestic Product GDP
Money Supply
Industrial Production
Productivity
Employment Situation
U.S. International Trade
Factory orders
Durable Goods
Construction Spending
Housing Starts
Vehicle Unit Sales


MARKETS


Stocks
Indices
Sectors & Industries
Financials
Commodities
Foreign Exchange


SCREENING


Stock Performance Screening
Profitability Screening
Valuation Screening
Dividend Screening
Financial Strength Screening
Efficiency Screening
Expectations Screening
Mgmnt. Effectivness Screening


NEWS


Stock News
Economy News
Industry News
Other News


GLOSSARY


Financial Terms
Technical Analysis
Fundamental Analysis
Energy Terms
Manufacturing Terms
Transportation Terms
Health Care
Insurance Terms
Economy Terms
Hotel & Leisure Terms


HELP


Company Profile
Fundamentals


Growth Rates
Profitability
Valuation
Management Effectiveness
Financial Strength
Efficiency
Dividend


Financials


Business Segments
Income Statement
Balance Sheets
Cash Flow Statement
Geographic Information
Operating Statistics


Expectations

Earnings Outlook
Revenue Outlook
Earnings Guidance
Revenue Guidance


Descriptions

Business Description
Officers & Directors


Charts & Quotes


Comparison Charts
Candle Charts
OHLC Charts
Logarithmic Charts
Line Charts
Tehnical Upper Indicators
Tehnical Lower Indicators
Weekly Charts
Monthly Charts




News
Suppliers


Company's Suppliers Performance
Suppliers Stock Performance
Suppliers Growth Rates
Suppliers Data
Suppliers Efficiency
Suppliers Management Effectiveness
Suppliers Valuation
Suppliers by Company's Segments
Suppliers by Segment Contribution
Suppliers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Suppliers Segments Income Growth Rates


Competition


Competition by Company's Segments
Segment Market Share
Competition Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Competition Segments Income Growth Rates
Company's Competition Performance
Company's Competitors Results
Competitors Stock Performance
Competitors Growth Rates
Company's Competition Data
Competitors Efficiency
Competitors Management Effectiveness
Competitors Valuation


Customers & Markets


Company's Customers Demand
Customers Expenditure Growth Rates
Customers Performance
Customers Stock Performance
Customers Growth Rates
Customers Data
Customers Efficiency
Customers Management Effectiveness
Customers Valuation
Customers by Company's Segments
Customers by Segment Contribution
Customers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Customers Segments Income Growth Rates


Economic Indicators




 









More Data on Suppliers

By Company

• Performance

• Growth Rates

• Company Data

• Efficiency

• Mgmt. Effect.

• Valuation

By Segment

• Contribution

• Revenue Growth

• Income Growth


 


Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp  (HLHC)                



Other Ticker:  



 

  


 





  
 Sector • 
      Financial    Industry

• Blank Checks


Tweet
 




               				  

 

Heyu Leisure Holidays's Suppliers Performance  
HLHC's Supply Chain



   
HLHC 
                  Costs vs Sales of Suppliers Growth



  



 You need to upgrade your Flash Player



 Heyu Leisure Holidays recorded increase in cost of sales by 29.04 % year on year,  sequentially cost of sales grew by 75.09 % in Q4. 
• More on HLHC Suppliers 
  







 				
Select the Relationship:
   


Suppliers ▼

Customers
Competitiors
Blank Checks Industry                
Financial Sector




 
Select the Category:
    
    


Basic Report▼

Basic Data
Quarterly Results
Stock Performance
Growth Rates
Per Employee
Efficiency
Management Effectiveness
Data by Segment
Market Share by Segment
Revenue Growth by Segment
Income Growth by Segment        















HLHC's Stock Perfrormance relative to it's Suppliers
More Comparison Charts
List of Suppliers










You need to upgrade your Flash Player




 





CSIMarket Company, Sector, Industry, Market Analysis, Stock Quotes, Earnings, Economy, News and Research.  Free Stock Market News Feeds     Copyright Š 2017 CSIMarket, Inc. All rights reserved. 
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy - UPDATED (Read about our Privacy Policy)
Intraday Data provided by Barchart and subject to terms of use. To view Intraday Stock Data Java must be installed. Java content may be prohibited by the security software, to see the stock quotes, choose "allow content from this page" option.
Stock Price, historical and current end-of-day data provided by eoddata. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Barchart and Eoddata. All quotes are in local exchange time. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and other exchanges. Fundamental and financial data for Stocks, Sector, Industry, and Economic Indicators provided by CSIMarket.com






Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp SEC Filing Form 10-K Annual report 2/2017, submited: 2017-05-30





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (9) | Filings (53) | Investment rounds (1) | Annual reports (3)
Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp SEC Filing Form 10-K Annual report 2/2017, submited: 2017-05-30<< back to list of filingsForm 10-KA 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year.


10-K
1
f10k2016_heyuleisure.htm
ANNUAL REPORT




 
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
FORM 10-K
 
☒ ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For the fiscal year ended: December 31, 2016
 
or
 
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For the transition period from _____________ to ___________________
 
Commission File No. 000-55068
 
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)
 


Delaware 
 
46-3601223


(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
 

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

 
611 South Main Street, Grapevine,
Texas 76051
 
(Address of principal executive offices)
 
Issuer’s telephone number: (+86)
592 504 9622
 
Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
None
 
Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange
Act: Common Stock, $.0001 par value per share
 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes ☐ No ☐
 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.
Yes ☐ No ☐
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes ☒ No ☐
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes ☐ No ☐
 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ☐
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
 



Large accelerated filer
☐

Accelerated filer
☐

Non-accelerated filer
☐
(Do not check if a smaller
reporting company)
Smaller reporting company
☒

 



Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).
Yes ☐
    No ☒

 
The aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $6,000 as of June 30, 2016, the last business day of
the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
 
At May 26, 2017, there were 60,001,000 shares of the registrant’s
common stock outstanding.
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
None
 
 


 
 

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 


PART I
1

ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
1

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.
7

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.
7

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
7

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
7

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.
7

PART II
8

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.
8

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
10

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
10

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.
14

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
14

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
14

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
14

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
15

PART III
16

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.
16

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.
24

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.
25

PART IV
26

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.
26

 
Throughout this report, unless otherwise
designated, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company” and “our company”
refer to Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. All amounts in this report are in U.S.
Dollars, unless otherwise indicated.
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
 
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
“forward-looking statements,” as that term is defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The
use of words such as “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans”
and “believes,” among others, generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based
on our management's expectations and assumptions about future events as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are
inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Forward-looking statements
include statements about our expectations, beliefs or intentions regarding our product offerings, business, financial condition,
results of operations, strategies or prospects. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that these statements do
not relate strictly to historical or current matters. Rather, forward-looking statements relate to anticipated or expected events,
activities, trends or results as of the date they are made. Because forward-looking statements relate to matters that have not
yet occurred, these statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Many factors could cause our actual
activities or results to differ materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are only predictions and reflect our views as of the date they are made with respect to future events and financial
performance. We undertake no obligation to update, and we do not have a policy of updating or revising, these forward-looking statements.
 

 
 

 
PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
 
THE BUSINESS
 
Corporate History and General Information
 
The Company manages
unique budget hotels in China and internationally and luxury hotels that provide executive facilities, leisure clubs and the highest
level of operational excellence via selected mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures.
 
In January 2014, the
Company implemented a change of control by issuing shares to new shareholders, redeeming shares of existing shareholders, electing
new officers and directors and accepting the resignations of its then existing officers and directors. In connection with the change
of control, the Company changed its name from Cloud Run Acquisition Corporation to Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation.
 
On February 9, 2015,
the Company completed the acquisition of Heyu Capital Ltd. (“Heyu Capital”), a limited liability company formed under
the laws of Hong Kong, in a stock-for stock transaction (the “Acquisition” under a method similar to the pooling-of-interest
method ("Pooling-of-Interest") as the Company and Heyu Capital are both under common control with by the same majority
shareholder). Heyu Capital was the sole shareholder of Xiamen Heyu Hotel Management Ltd. (“Xiamen Heyu”), a limited
liability company formed under the laws of the People’s Republic of China. Xiamen Heyu in turn, is the parent company of
Xiamen Wu JiaEr Hotel Ltd. (“Xiamen Wu JiaEr ”), a limited liability company formed under the laws of the People’s
Republic of China. The purpose of the Acquisition was to facilitate and prepare the Company for a registration statement and/or
public offering of securities. As a result of the Acquisition, each of Heyu Capital Ltd, Xiamen Heyu Hotel Management Ltd. and
Xiamen Wu JiaEr Hotel Ltd. became wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company.
 
The Company is located
at 611 South Main Street, Grapevine, Texas 76051. The Company’s main phone number is (+86) 592 504 9622. The Company’s
fiscal year end is December 31. Neither the Company nor its predecessors have filed for bankruptcy, receivership or any similar
proceedings nor are in the process of filing for bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceedings.
 
Background
 
The Company has only
recently emerged from its status as a development-stage company, and it has limited operating history and is expected to experience
losses in the near term. The Company’s independent auditors have issued a report raising substantial doubt about the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern.
 
Summary of Operations
 
The Company plans to
manage budget hotels and luxury hotels via selected mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures in China as follows:
 
Budget hotels:
 
The Company intends
to establish hotel chains synonymous with in-house leisure clubs to meet the needs of business and recreational travelers alike.
The Company intends to create the first budget hotels in the world to offer a wide variety of mobile office options in each of
its hotels, including conference facilities, audio/video equipment, Internet access and staff that can help plan and conduct guests’
meetings. The Company also plans to offer selected complimentary beverages and other services to hotel guests. Memberships will
also be offered for Heyu Hotel leisure club, which will entitle members to complimentary drinks and services when they visit and
use club facilities.
 
Luxury hotels:
 
The Company intends
to manage and operate luxury hotels (4-5 stars) with the luxury facilities, including indoor swimming pools, Karaoke bars, business
centers, ballrooms and high-end restaurants.
 

1
 

 
The Company expects
to establish and maintain customer relationships by developing and providing products and services that offer value in terms of
price, quality, safety and environmental impact. These services will be supported by the requisite technological, environmental
and commercial expertise.
 
The Company will expand
its budget hotel chain and services to satisfy the needs of its customers. The Company will constantly strive to achieve operational
excellence, as well as conduct its business in a safe, environmentally sustainable and economically optimum manner, employing a
diverse, innovative and results-oriented team motivated to deliver excellence. The Company seeks the highest standard of performance,
maintaining a strong long-term and growing position in the hotel and leisure industry. The Company aims to work closely with its
customers, business partners and policy-makers to excel in its business operations year after year.
 
The Company anticipates
gradually expanding its presence globally.  
 
The Business: Hotel Operations
 
The hotel industry is
highly segmented with many different brands targeting a vast range of customer needs at various price points. Businesses in
the hotel industry generally operate under one or more business models, including hotel management, brand franchising and hotel
ownership. Hotels are categorized into three groups: full-service, select-service and limited-service. Full-service hotels
typically offer a full range of amenities and facilities, including food and beverage facilities and meeting facilities. Select-service
hotels furnish some of the amenities offered at full-service hotels but on a smaller scale and generally do not to have meeting
facilities. Limited-service hotels usually offer only lodging, however some provide modest food and beverage facilities such
as breakfast buffets or small meeting rooms.
 
Lodging demand growth
is generally related to the strength of the overall economy. Additionally, local demand factors may stimulate business and leisure
travel to specific locations. In particular, macroeconomic trends relating to GDP growth, corporate profits, capital investments
and employment growth are some of the primary drivers of lodging demand. As the economy continues to improve, the ongoing trend
of strong transient demand and growing group business will continue to drive demand for hotels and lodging and allow the industry
to achieve increased growth.
 
The hotel industry in
China has peak and low seasons during the year. The peak season occurs during the holiday period. Beginning in February with the
Chinese New Year and continuing through the week-long holiday of National Day in October, the hotel industry experiences its peak
business volume. The Company also anticipates high volume business for certain conventions and expos during the year.
 
The Market
 
The global hotel industry,
and the Chinese hotel industry in particular, have improved as the economy has recovered from the recent global economic downturn.
Currently, the Company focuses its operations exclusively in the Fujian province of China and expects to primarily focus its future
operations in that region. The table below indicates the number of hotels available in Fujian Province:
 


Number of Hotels 
  

Fujian Province 
 8176 

Xiamen 
 3215 

Fuzhou 
 1242 

Nanping 
 667 

Quanzhou 
 794 

Zhangzhou 
 657 

Longyan 
 445 

Ningde 
 517 

Sanming 
 385 

Putian 
 254 

 
** Sources: from official
website of Ctrip.
 
Tourism: Visitors
 
According to state tourism bureau, there
are approximately 3,327,100 and 3,189,000 visitors visiting Fujian Province, China for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The number slightly increased from 2015 to 2016. The Company believes there is ample room to enter this market and
that barriers for entry remain relatively low. 
 

2
 

 
The Company’s Presence in the
Market
 
The Company plans to
grow organically as a participant in the hotel industry via selected mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures. The Company plans
to build its business and industry reputation through growth by expanding its brand and creating a reputable brand name. Growth
will be primarily achieved through internal growth and expanding its hotel chain to include more managed hotels.
 
The Company had operated
a budget hotel in Xiamen, Fujian province, China. The hotel terminated its operation in April 2017. The Company is currently in
the process of effectuating plans to own and operate a new hotel development that the Company expects will conform to the specifications
set forth in its business model.
 
Governmental Regulations
 
The Company does not
need or require approval from government authorities or agencies in order to operate its regular business and operations. However,
it is possible that any proposed expansion to the Company’s business and operations in the future would require government
approvals.
 
Services 
 
The Company expects
to provide a full range of services to managed hotels so as to meet the quality control and internal control standards of leased-and-operated
hotels, including decision-making assistance, customer base and efficiency analysis, investment and consulting services, cost control
analysis and guidance.
 
For hotel guests, the
Company will bring more value to guests and members by providing competitive and consistent pricing. The Company will also provide
more comfortable bedding, pleasanter bathrooms, a higher standard of cleanliness, and an overall more enjoyable experience.
 
Management Agreement
 
One of the Company’s
main sources of revenue will be management fees. Pursuant to the management agreements, the Company expects to receive an initial
payment and ongoing five percent (5%) to seven percent (7%) of hotel revenues.
 
Pricing
 
The main source of revenue
for the Company will be the sale of brand licenses and management fees. The Company expects to receive, as part of its management
agreements, an initial payment followed by ongoing payments of five percent (5%) to seven percent (7%) of hotel revenues. Competitive
price and excellent Customer service is always our priority. We have setting our selling price base on the seasonal factor.
 
As an example of the
Company’s pricing model, during the course of its operations, the Wu JiaEr Hotel provided several different room options,
including standard rooms and deluxe room, executive rooms, and rooms with different sized beds. The rooms varied in price from
$36 to $70 (RMB 239 to RMB 459) per night.
 
Competition
 
The hotel industry
is highly competitive. Many hotel enterprises expand rapidly around China and consistently seize market share of hotel consumption
with unified service, unified management and unified brand, which continuously decreases the market share of the small and medium
sized hotel. However, the Company sees hotel branding as a new and untapped opportunity in China. The Company projects that only
15% of hotels and lodging accommodations in China are affiliated with a brand.
 
Strategic Partners and Suppliers
 
The Company believes
that strategic partnerships will be a major component of the Company’s operating strategy and path to success. The Company
plans to work with several strategic partners in important areas of its business and operations to promote its development activities
in efforts to maintain the competitive edge in the hotel and leisure industry.
 
The Company is reliant
upon three travel agencies for a substantial portion of its business. XiaMenLanSheng International Travel Agency Co. Ltd accounts
for 9.77% of the Company’s business, while XiaMen Foreign Trade International Travel Agency Co. Ltd and XiaMenJieLv Travel
Agency Co. Ltd account for 7.67% and 3.45% respectively.
 

3
 

 
Marketing Strategy
 
The Company has conducted
limited advertising and marketing to date. However, the Company is planning to create a marketing plan that aims to maintain a
competitive edge in the hotel industry and to promote the company as a pioneer player in this industry.
 
Revenues and Losses
 
The Company and its
subsidiaries’ continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations
to meet its obligations and/or obtaining additional financing from its members or other sources, as may be required.
 
The Company has sustained
operating losses since inception. The Company’s continuation as a going concern is dependent on management’s ability
to develop profitable operations, and/or obtain additional financing from its stockholders and/or other third parties.
 
If management projections
are not met, the Company may have to reduce its operating expense and to seek additional funding through debt and/or equity offerings.
 
Equipment Financing
 
The Company has no
existing equipment financing arrangements.
 
THE COMPANY
 
Change of Control
 
The Company was incorporated
in the State of Delaware in July 2013, and was formerly known as Cloud Run Acquisition Corporation. In January 2014, the Company
implemented a change of control by issuing shares to new shareholders, redeeming shares of existing shareholders, electing new
officers and directors and accepting the resignations of its then existing officers and directors. In connection with the change
of control, the Company changed its name from Cloud Run Acquisition Corporation to Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation.
 
Intellectual Property
 
The Company holds limited
intellectual property, and has not applied for any patents. The Company does hold one trademark issued in China for “Heyu.”
The Company may decide in the future to pursue further efforts to protect its intellectual property, trade secrets and proprietary
methods and processes.
 
Research and Development
 
The Company has not
to date undertaken, and does not currently plan to undertake, any material research and development activities.
 
Employees
 
As of the December 31,
2016, the Company had a total of 23 employee. The number of employees per department are as follows:
 


Department 
Employees

  
 

Human Resource Department 
2

Administration Department 
2

Finance Department 
3

Sales and Marketing Department 
2

Front Desk and Customer Services Department 
3

Hotel Operational Department 
11

 

4
 

 
The employees receive
health insurance benefits. The Company may offer additional fringe and welfare benefits in the future as the Company’s profits
grow and/or the Company secures additional outside financing or its profits from operations allow expenditure on such items.
 
Property
 
The Company has entered
into lease agreements for a leased hotel which it operates and for an office. Such lease is classified as an operating lease.
 
As of December 31, 2016,
the Company had only one leased hotel with the area of 3,000 square meters in operation, namely Wu JiaEr Hotel, which was located
at 4F, Lotus Building, No 194 Jiahe Road, Siming District, Xiamen, China. Under lease arrangement, the Company pays a quarterly
rental rate of RMB 420,000 (approximately $67,740). The lease was signed October 1, 2013 for a term of ten years and is set to
expire September 30, 2025. As of the reporting date, the Company is negotiating the termination of the lease in connection with
the suspension of operations of the Wu JiaEr Hotel.
 
The Company leases an
office in Danyuan 10, District C, Floor 6, Building 32, Shiding Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province. The lease
was commenced and used from July 13, 2016 and will expire on July 12, 2017. The monthly rent is RMB 21,000.0 0 (approximately $3,160).
 
The Company leased the
following properties in prior years.
 

1.Xiamen Office 13D Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian
Province, 361000, China. The Company and its subsidiaries are currently leasing this property. The lease was commenced and used
from August, 2014 and expired on September 30, 2015. The office is an area of 264.42 square meters. The Company and its subsidiaries
pay a monthly rental rate of RMB 13221.00 (approximately $2,156). Upon executing the lease, the Company paid the landlord a performance
guarantee in the amount of RMB 13,221.00 (approximately $2,156) or one month’s rent.
 

2.Hong Kong Virtual Office17/F, Wheelock House, 20 Pedder Street, Central, Hong Kong. The leased
this office on November 1, 2014 for a team of six (6) months and expired in 2015. The Company has paid the full lease amount of
HKD4,798 (approximately $620) for six months.
 
Subsidiaries
 
On February 9, 2015,
the Company completed the acquisition of Heyu Capital Ltd. (“Heyu Capital”), a limited liability company formed under
the laws of Hong Kong, in a stock-for stock transaction (the “Acquisition”) under a method similar to the pooling-of-interest
method(Pooling-of-Interest) as the Company and Heyu Capital are both under common control with the same majority shareholder. Heyu
Capital was the sole shareholder of Xiamen Heyu Hotel Management Ltd. (“Xiamen Heyu”), a limited liability company
formed under the laws of the People’s Republic of China. Xiamen Heyu in turn, is the parent company of Xiamen Wu JiaEr Hotel
Ltd. (“Xiamen Wu JiaEr ”), a limited liability company formed under the laws of the People’s Republic of China.
The purpose of the Acquisition was to facilitate and prepare the Company for a registration statement and/or public offering of
securities. As a result of the Acquisition, each of Heyu Capital Ltd became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
 
Heyu Capital Limited,
a Hong Kong limited liability company, is located at 17/F, Wheelock House, 20 Peddar Street, Central, Hong Kong. Heyu Capital Limited
was incorporated June 27, 2013 under the laws of Hong Kong.
 
Xiamen Heyu Hotel Management
Limited is a limited liability company located at Unit 10, C Area, 6 Floor, No.32, Shiding Street, Siming District, Xiamen. Xiamen
Heyu Hotel Management Limited was established December 18, 2013 under the laws and authority of the Industry and Commercial Administration
for the Bureau of Xiamen City and start operation in 2014.
 
Xiamen Wu JiaEr Hotel
Limited is a limited liability company located at Fourth floor, No.194, Jiahe Road, Siming District, Xiamen city. Xiamen Wu JiaEr
Hotel Limited was established January 26, 2011 under the laws and authority of the Industry and Commercial Administration for the
Bureau of Siming District of Xiamen City and was acquired by Xiamen Heyu in January 2014.
 
Reports to Security Holders
 
In September 2013,
the Company (as Cloud Run Acquisition Corporation) filed a Form 10-12G general registration of securities pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and is a reporting company pursuant to such Act and files with the Securities and Exchange Commission quarterly
and annual reports and management shareholding information. The Company intends to deliver a copy of its annual report to its security
holders, and will voluntarily send a copy of the annual report, including audited financial statements, to any registered shareholder
who requests the same.
 

5
 

 
The Company's documents
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission may be inspected at the Commission's principal office in Washington, D.C. Copies
of all or any part of the registration statement may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, 100F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation
of the public reference rooms. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains
reports, proxy statements and information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Commission. All of the Company’s
filings may be located under the CIK number 0001586573.
 
PLAN OF OPERATION
 
Business Plan and Potential Acquisitions
 
The basic business plan
of the Company consists of developing and managing hotels. The Company intends to expand its business through the evaluation of
hotel properties in China and internationally. The Company is currently actively engaged in the evaluation of potential third party
hotel ownership groups with whom the Company could license its brand and manage their hotels under stringent control of Heyu’s
quality standards.
 
Plan of Operation to Fund Existing Business
over Next 12 Months
 
Over the next twelve
months, the Company expects existing major shareholders and directors to continue to fund working capital for the daily operation
expenses as well as the acquisition fund of hotel. The Company will also seek for new investors by way of issuing new common stock
for the said hotel acquisition. Although the Company plans to fund its cash needs in this manner, the Company has no arrangements
or agreements in place with any shareholders, directors or prospective new investors to provide such needed funding to the Company.
 
At the present time,
the Company has not entered into any other Memorandums of Understanding (“MOU”) and Letters of Intent (“LOI”)
with any hotel owners. Accordingly, there is no major funding required for the next 12 months as the Company has not locked in
place any hotel project in the near future.
 
The Company expects
to have working capital and expects to have a source of funds of its potential acquisition for the next twelve months from its
existing shareholders and directors, potential new investors and through access to capital markets. Although the Company plans
to fund its cash needs in this manner, the Company has no arrangements or agreements in place with any shareholders or directors
prospective new investors or capital markets sources to provide such needed funding to the Company. There can be no assurance that
the Company will successfully complete the desired acquisition(s) of any hotel(s).
 
Potential Revenue
 
The Company expects
to earn potential revenue from licensing its brand name, initial and ongoing management fees and hotel leisure club membership
sales. The Company also receives revenue from its hotels based on the number of room rented each day. The rate of occupancy is
directly correlated to profitability.
 
The Company’s revenue contribution
is mainly from the source of the customers as listed in below categories:
 
1) Online Booking Business
2) Travelling Agent
3) General walk in customer
 
Recent Developments
 
Registration Statement
 
On February 9, 2015,
the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 (as amended, the “Registration Statement”) to register the resale
of up to 10,999,097 shares of the Company’s common stock by selling shareholders named in the Registration Statement. On
December 21, 2016, the Company received a Notice of Effectiveness in connection with the Registration Statement. The Registration
Statement registers only the resales of shares of our common stock already outstanding, which were issued in a private placement
transaction. No new shares will be issued in connection with the Registration Statement.
 

6
 

 
Resignations
 
On February 24, 2017,
Mr Guan Chuan Tan resigned as a Director of the Company. The resignation was not the result of any disagreement with the Company
on any matter relating to the Company’s operations, policies or practices.
 
Appointments
 
On April 25, 2017, the Board of Directors
of the Company, upon the recommendation of its Nominating Committee, appointed Ms. Kwee Huwa Tan to serve on the Board as a director.
Ms. Tan will also serve on the Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board. Ms. Tan has been a non-executive director
for the company from 2013 to 2016.
 
Wu JiaEr Hotel
 
On February 27, 2017,
the Company temporarily suspended operation of the Wu JiaEr Hotel due to decreased operations. In April 2017, the Company permanently
closed the operations of Wu JiaEr Hotel. The lease of the hotel has not terminated and the Company is currently negotiating with
the landlord regarding terminating the lease; provided, however, that the Company is currently in the process of effectuating plans
to own and operate a new hotel development that the Company expects will conform to the specifications set forth in its business
model.
 
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.
 
As a “smaller reporting company,”
we have elected not to provide the disclosure required by this item.
 
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.
 
Not applicable.
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
 
The Company has entered
into lease agreements for a leased hotel which it operates and for an office. Such lease is classified as operating lease.
 
As of December 31, 2016,
the Company had only one leased hotel with the area of 3,000 square meters in operation, namely Wu JiaEr Hotel, which was located
at 4F, Lotus Building, No 194 Jiahe Road, Siming District, Xiamen, China. Under lease arrangement, the Company pays a quarterly
rental rate of RMB 420,000 (approximately $67,740). The lease was signed October 1, 2013 for a term of ten years and is set to
expire September 30, 2025. As of reporting date, the Company is negotiating the termination of the lease in connection with the
suspension of operations of the Wu JiaEr Hotel.
 
The Company leases an
office in Danyuan 10, District C, Floor 6, Building 32, Shiding Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province. The lease
was commenced and used from July 13, 2016 and will expire on July 12, 2017. The monthly rent is RMB 21,000.0 0 (approximately $3,160).
 
The Company leased the
following properties in prior years.
 
1) Xiamen Office 13D
Alishan Plaza, Block No 2, Lvling Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province, 361000, China. The Company and its subsidiaries
are currently leasing this property. The lease was commenced and used from August, 2014 and expired September 30, 2015. The office
is an area of 264.42 square meters. The Company and its subsidiaries pay a monthly rental rate of RMB 13221.00 (approximately $2,156).
Upon executing the lease, the Company paid the landlord a performance guarantee in the amount of RMB 13,221.00 (approximately $2,156)
or one month’s rent.
 
2) Hong Kong Virtual
Office17/F, Wheelock House, 20 Pedder Street, Central, Hong Kong. The leased this office on November 1, 2014 for a team of six
(6) months and expired on December 31, 2015. The Company has paid the full lease amount of HKD 4,798 (approximately $620) for six
months.
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
 
None.
 
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.
 
Not applicable.
 

7
 

 
PART II
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.
 
There is currently no
public market for the Company's securities.
 
At such time as it qualifies,
the Company may choose to apply for quotation of its securities on the OTC Bulletin Board. The OTC Bulletin Board is a dealer-driven
quotation service. Unlike the Nasdaq Stock Market, companies cannot directly apply to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, only
market makers can initiate quotes, and quoted companies do not have to meet any quantitative financial requirements. Any equity
security of a reporting company not listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or on a national securities exchange is eligible.
 
As such time as it qualifies,
the Company may choose to apply for quotation of its securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. In general there is greatest liquidity
for traded securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market and less on the OTC Bulletin Board. It is not possible to predict where, if
at all, the securities of the Company will be traded following a business combination.
 
In the past three years,
the Company has sold securities which were not registered as follows:
 
On July 9, 2013, 10,000,000
shares of common stock were issued to Tiber Creek Corporation for total consideration paid of $1,000.00. Subsequently, in January
2014, the Company redeemed an aggregate of 10,000,000 of these shares for the redemption price of $1,000.00.
 
On July 9, 2013, 10,000,000
shares of common stock were issued to MB Americus, LLC for total consideration paid of $1,000.00. Subsequently, in January 2014,
the Company redeemed an aggregate of 10,000,000 of these shares for the redemption price of $1,000.00
 
On January 13, 2014,
1,000,000 shares of common stock were issued by the Company to Ban Siong Ang pursuant to a change of control in the Company. The
aggregate consideration paid for these shares was $100.
 
From July 1, 2014 through
September 1, 2014, 59,000,000 shares of common stock were issued by the Company pursuant to executed subscription agreements under
a Regulation D offering or other private placement of securities. Each of these transactions was issued as part of the private
placement of securities by the Company in which no underwriting discounts or commissions applied to any of the transactions. The
Company conducted such private placement offering in order to build a base of shareholders and establish relationships with a variety
of shareholders. Tiber Creek Corporation did not assist the Company in conducting the offering.
 
Holders
 
As of the date of this report, there were
approximately 42 stockholders.
 
Dividends
 
We have not paid, nor
declared, any cash dividends since our inception and do not intend to declare or pay any such dividends in the foreseeable future.
Our ability to pay cash dividends is subject to limitations imposed by state law.
 
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans
 
As of the year ended
December 31, 2016, the Company had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which our Common
Stock was authorized for issuance.
 
The Company’s
management will review the adoption of an equity compensation plan in the future.
 
Recent sales of unregistered securities
 
The Company has issued
the following securities in the last three (3) years. All such securities were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction by an issuer not involving any public offering, as noted below. Each
of these transactions was issued as part of a private placement of securities by the Company in which (i) no general advertising
or solicitation was used, and (ii) the investors purchasing securities were acquiring the same for investment purposes only, without
a view to resale. Furthermore, no underwriters participated or effectuated any of the transactions specified below. Also, no underwriting
discounts or commissions applied to any of the transactions set forth below. All potential investors were contacted personally
and possessed at the time of their investment bona fide substantive, pre-existing business relationships with the Company and/or
its officers, directors and affiliates. No potential investors were contacted through other means, and no general advertising or
general solicitation was used to solicit any investors.
 

8
 

 
During the past three
years, the Company has issued shares of common stock pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 as follows:
 
(1) On July 9, 2013,
10,000,000 shares of common stock were issued to Tiber Creek Corporation for total consideration paid of $1,000.00. Subsequently,
in January 2014, the Company redeemed an aggregate of 10,000,000 of these shares for the redemption price of $1,000.00.
 
On July 9, 2013, 10,000,000
shares of common stock were issued to MB Americus, LLC for total consideration paid of $1,000.00. Subsequently, in January 2014,
the Company redeemed an aggregate of 10,000,000 of these shares for the redemption price of $1,000.00
 
(2) On January 13, 2014,
1,000,000 shares of common stock were issued by the Company to Ban Siong Ang pursuant to a change of control in the Company. The
aggregate consideration paid for these shares was $100. 
 
(3) From July 1, 2014
through September 1, 2014, 59,000,000 shares of common stock were issued by the Company to the shareholders named below pursuant
to executed subscription agreements under a Regulation D offering or other private placement of securities. Each of these transactions
was issued as part of the private placement of securities by the Company in which no underwriting discounts or commissions applied
to any of the transactions set forth below. The Company conducted such private placement offering in order to build a base of shareholders
and establish relationships with a variety of shareholders. Tiber Creek Corporation did not assist the Company in conducting the
offering.
   


Shareholder Name 
Number of Shares  
Consideration 

  
   
  

Ban SiongAng 
 45,388,604  
$4,538 

HooiPhengAng 
 254,569  
$26 

TeikKuiAng 
 651,854  
$65 

Xin Chen 
 109,354  
$11 

TekMun Chin 
 340,000  
$34 

ShuHui Dai 
 257,416  
$26 

XieMing Fan 
 66,000  
$7 

HaiBinGao 
 80,000  
$8 

Boon Hong Haw 
 2,000,000  
$200 

JianShu Huang 
 60,000  
$6 

QingQiang Li 
 42,854  
$4 

EnYu Lin 
 70,000  
$7 

FenJin Lin 
 40,000  
$4 

Tiang Lee Ng 
 4,272,419  
$427 

Wee Lee Sim 
 60,000  
$6 

Swiss TeoSweeKiong 
 103,064  
$10 

Guan Chuan Tan 
 300,000  
$30 

Hang Kiang Tan 
 60,000  
$6 

Hung Seng Tan 
 1,484,423  
$149 

HupTeong Tan 
 90,000  
$9 

KweeHuwa Tan 
 349,550  
$35 

Lan Tan 
 78,209  
$8 

Lee Hiang Tan 
 97,355  
$10 

XiaoDiRao 
 153,709  
$15 

ShuYing Wang 
 105,354  
$11 

MeiMeiWeng 
 147,355  
$15 

Kean Heong Wong 
 76,203  
$8 

XiuHua Xian 
 200,000  
$20 

MeiJiaoXu 
 166,354  
$17 

ZhuEnXu 
 50,000  
$5 

TaoYing Yang 
 241,098  
$24 

ZhenYuZeng 
 180,354  
$20 

DeZhao Zhang 
 100,000  
$10 

XiuMeiZheng 
 525,355  
$53 

BingRenZhong 
 408,387  
$41 

MeiYunZhong 
 119,064  
$12 

WenJinZhong 
 121,354  
$12 

XingEnZhong 
 84,710  
$9 

XingHuaZhong 
 65,032  
$7 

 
(4) On February 9, 2015,
pursuant to the stock-for-stock acquisition of Heyu Capital Ltd, the Company issued 1,000 shares of common stock to Ban Siong Ang. 
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
 
As a “smaller reporting company,”
we have elected not to provide the disclosure required by this item.
 

9
 

 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
 
The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes to our financial statements included elsewhere in this
report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors discussed elsewhere in this report.
 
Certain information included herein
contains statements that may be considered forward-looking statements, such as statements relating to our anticipated revenues,
gross margin and operating results, future performance and operations, plans for future expansion, capital spending, sources of
liquidity, and financing sources. This forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly
affect anticipated results in the future, and accordingly, such results may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements made herein. These risks and uncertainties include those relating to our liquidity requirements, the continued growth
of the software industry, the success of our product development, marketing and sales activities, vigorous competition in the software
industry, dependence on existing management, leverage and debt service (including sensitivity to fluctuations in interest rates),
domestic or global economic conditions, the inherent uncertainty and costs of prolonged arbitration or litigation, and changes
in federal or state tax laws or the administration of such laws.
 
Overview
 
Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation (the
"Company") was incorporated on July 2, 2013 under the laws of the State of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate
undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions.
 
The Company specializes in managing and
operating hotel chains in China via selected mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures, with a focus on providing a full range of
services to its hotels and amenities to their guests.
 
The Company plans to establish hotel chains
synonymous with in-house leisure, and to meet the needs of business and recreational travelers alike. To achieve this goal, the
Company intends to be among the first budget hotels in the world to offer a wide variety of mobile office options in each of its
hotels, including conference facilities, audio/video equipment, Internet access and staff that can help plan and conduct guests’
meetings.
 
The Company also plans to offer select
complimentary beverages and other services to hotel guests. The Company will also offer memberships for Heyu Hotel leisure clubs.
Club members will be entitled to complimentary drinks, food and other services when they visit club facilities.
 
Potential Revenue
 
The Company expects
to earn potential revenue from licensing its brand name, initial and ongoing management fees and hotel leisure club membership
sales. The Company also receives revenue from its hotels based on the number of room rented each day. The rate of occupancy is
directly correlated to profitability.
 

10
 

 
The Company’s revenue contribution
is mainly from the source of the customers as listed in below categories:
 
1) Online Booking Business
2) Traveling Agent
3) General walk in customer
 
Alternative Financial Planning
 
The Company has no alternative financial
plans at the moment. If the Company is not able to generate increased revenues and profits and/or successfully raise monies as
needed through a private placement or other securities offering (including, but not limited to, a primary public offering of securities),
the Company’s ability to expand its business plan or strategy over the next two years will be jeopardized.
 
Results of Operations
 
Comparison of Years Ended December
31, 2016 and 2015
 
Revenues and Costs of Revenue
 
Our revenue of $145,743 and $329,514 for
2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease is due to less successful marketing and operations for the respective periods leading
to decreased sales.
 
Our cost of revenue of $375,424 and $486,296 for 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The cost of revenue consists of water, electricity, rental and related taxes of hotel. The decrease is due to decreased
sales.
 
Operating Expenses and Other Expenses
 
General and administrative expenses for
our operations were $466,613 and $860,648 for 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a decrease of $394,035, or approximately
46%, in 2016. The decrease in our general and administrative expenses in 2016, as compared to 2015, reflects decreased operation
cost due to decreased sales
 
Finance expense was $794 and $1,128 in
2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of $334, or approximately 30%, in 2016. The change in finance expense for the year-end
periods was due to decreased bank charges.
 
Liquidity and Capital Resources
 
Working Capital
 


  
As
at
December 31,
2016  
As
at
December 31,
2015 

Total current assets 
$33,058  
$208,702 

Total current liabilities 
 1,792,529  
 1,430,946 

Working capital (deficit) 
 (1,759,471) 
 (1,222,244)

 
As of December 31, 2016 and December 31,
2015, total current assets were $33,058 and $208,702 respectively. The decrease is mainly due to decrease in amount due from related
parties.
 
As of December 31, 2016 and December 31,
2015, total current liabilities were $1,792,529 and $1,430,946 respectively. The increase is mainly amount due to increases in
rent payable, payroll liability, and advances from related parties.
 
At December 31, 2016, our principal source
of liquidity for our operations consisted of $9,084 of cash, as compared to $2,762 of cash at December 31, 2015. In addition, our
stockholders’ deficit was $1,593,061 at December 31, 2016, as compared to $917,451 at December 31, 2015, an increase in the
deficit of $675,610.
 
Our operations used net cash of $314,891
during 2016, as compared to using $780,493 during 2015. The $465,602 decrease in the net cash used in our operating activities
during 2016 primarily resulted from increase of net loss in the year as compared to 2015.
 
Investing activities provided $251,535
in 2016, as compared to used $102,365 net cash in 2015.
 


11
 

 
Financing activities provided net cash
of $74,165 and $820,680 during 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in cash from financing activities in 2016 results from
proceeds received in connection with related party debt.
 
Since its inception, the Company has devoted
substantially all of its efforts to business planning, research and development, recruiting management and staff and raising capital.
Accordingly, the Company is considered to be in the development stage. The Company has not generated revenues from its operations,
and its continuation as a going concern is dependent on management’s ability to develop profitable operations, and/or obtain
additional financing from its stockholders and/or other third parties.
 
The Company’s proposed activities
will necessitate significant uses of capital beyond 2017.
 
There is no assurance that the Company’s
activities will generate sufficient revenues to sustain its operations without additional capital, or if additional capital is
needed, that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. Accordingly, given the Company’s
limited cash and cash equivalents on hand, the Company will be unable to implement its business plans and proposed operations unless
it obtains additional financing or otherwise is able to generate revenues and profits. The Company may raise additional capital
through sales of debt or equity, obtain loan financing or develop and consummate other alternative financial plans.
 
As we continue development and identify
specific commercialization opportunities, we will focus on those markets and opportunities for which we might be able to get external
funding through joint venture agreements, strategic partnerships, or other direct investments.
 
We have no significant contractual obligations
or commercial commitments not reflected on our balance sheet as of this date.
 
Critical Accounting Policies
 
We have identified the policies outlined
below as critical to our business operations and an understanding of our results of operations. The list is not intended to be
a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is
specifically dictated by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, with no need for management’s judgment
in their application. The impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations is discussed throughout
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations when such policies affect our reported
and expected financial results. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies, see the notes
to our December 31, 2016 consolidated financial statements. Note that our preparation of the consolidated financial statements
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. We cannot assure that actual results will not differ from those estimates.
 
Revenue Recognition
 
Revenue from our hotel operations and related
services is recognized when earned and realizable. Revenue is earned and realizable when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists; services, if requested by the customers, have been rendered and are determinable; and ability to collect is reasonably
assured. Amounts billed to customers before these criteria being met are deferred.
 
Income Taxes
 
We use the liability method of accounting
for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences
between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and on the amount of operating loss carry-forwards and are
measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected
to reverse. An allowance against deferred tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that such tax benefits will not
be realized.
 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
 
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842)”, to increase the transparency and comparability about leases among entities. The new
guidance requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a corresponding lease asset for virtually all lease contracts. It
also requires additional disclosures about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2018, and requires a modified retrospective approach to adoption. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does
not expect that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
 

12
 

 
In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-15, “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, to address diversity
in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows”. The amendments
provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues: (1) Debt Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs; (2) Settlement
of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the
Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing; (3) Contingent Consideration Payments Made after a Business Combination; (4)Proceeds
from the Settlement of Insurance Claims; (5) Proceeds from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including
Bank-Owned; (6) Life Insurance Policies; (7) Distributions Received from Equity Method Investees; (8) Beneficial Interests in Securitization
Transactions; and Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance Principle. The amendments are effective
for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition
method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments
for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company does not expect that the adoption
of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
 
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,
“Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfer of Assets Other than Inventory”, which requires the recognition of
the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. ASU 2016-06
will be effective for the Company in its first quarter of 2019. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this guidance
will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
 
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-17,
“Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control”. The amendments affect
reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate a variable interest entity in certain situations
involving entities under common control. Specifically, the amendments change the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the
primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity by changing how a reporting entity that is a single decision maker of a variable
interest entity treats indirect interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting
entity. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this guidance
will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
  
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
“Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)”. ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue
to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. ASU 2014-09 will replace most existing
revenue recognition guidance in U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles when it becomes effective and permits the use of
either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-14, “Deferral of the Effective Date”, which defers the effective date for ASU 2014-09 by one year. For public
entities, the guidance in ASU 2014-09 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (including
interim reporting periods within those periods), which means it will be effective for the Company’s fiscal year beginning
January 1, 2018. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, “Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue
versus Net)”, which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations in the new revenue recognition
standard. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, “Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing”, which
reduces the complexity when applying the guidance for identifying performance obligations and improves the operability and understandability
of the license implementation guidance. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12 “Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical
Expedients”, which amends the guidance on transition, collectability, noncash consideration and the presentation of sales
and other similar taxes. In December 2016, the FASB further issued ASU 2016-20, “Technical Corrections and Improvements to
Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, which makes minor corrections or minor improvements to the Codification
that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to
most entities. The amendments are intended to address implementation issues that were raised by stakeholders and provide additional
practical expedients to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the new revenue standard. These amendments have the same effective
date as the new revenue standard. Preliminarily, we plan to adopt Topic 606 in the first quarter of our fiscal 2018 using the retrospective
transition method, and are continuing to evaluate the impact our pending adoption of Topic 606 will have on our consolidated financial
statements. The Company’s current revenue recognition policies are generally consistent with the new revenue recognition
standards set forth in ASU 2014-09. Potential adjustments to input measures are not expected to be pervasive to the majority of
the Company’s contracts. While no significant impact is expected upon adoption of the new guidance, the Company will not
be able to make that determination until the time of adoption based upon outstanding contracts at that time.
 
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-01, “Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business”. The amendments in this ASU clarify
the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should
be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. Basically these amendments provide a screen to determine
when a set is not a business. If the screen is not met, the amendments in this ASU first, require that to be considered a business,
a set must include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
output and second, remove the evaluation of whether a market participant could replace missing elements. These amendments take
effect for public businesses for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those periods, and all
other entities should apply these amendments for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this guidance will have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements.
 

13
 

 
All other newly issued accounting pronouncements,
but not yet effective, have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable.
 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
 
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements,
financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known as “special purpose entities.”
 
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.
 
As a “smaller reporting company”,
we have elected not to provide the disclosure required by this item.
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA.
 
The required financial statements are included
following the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
 
None.
 
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures
 
Our management, with the participation
of our prior principal executive and financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report (based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures
required by Rule 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act) were not effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us
in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Commission’s rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by the Report, we did not have a formal
audit committee and there was a lack of segregation of duties.
 
We believe that a control system, no matter
how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected.
 
Management’s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 
Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the
maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.
 
Management assessed our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, the end of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established
in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(the COSO 2013 Criteria). Management’s assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design and operating effectiveness
of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment.
 

14
 

 
Based on our assessment, management has
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, as of the end of the fiscal year, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
This annual report does not include an
attestation report of the Company’s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s report was not subject to attestation by the Company’s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management’s report in this annual report.
 
Inherent limitations on effectiveness
of controls
 
Internal control over financial reporting
has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation
of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors.
Internal control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in
judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion
or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process
and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems
determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting
 
There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2016,
that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
 
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
 
None.
 


15
 

 
PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.
 
The following table sets forth information
concerning our executive officers and directors as of December 31, 2016.
 


Name
 
Age
 
Position
 
Year
    Commenced

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Boon Hong Haw
 
46
 
Chairman of the Board cum Independent
 
 

 
 
 
 
Non-executive Director
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Ban SiongAng
 
40
 
CEO, Group Managing Director and interim CFO
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Hung Seng Tan
 
53
 
Executive Director
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Guan Chuan Tan*
 
48
 
Director
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Kean Tat Che
 
32
 
Chief Financial Officer
 

2014
(Resigned on November 13, 2015)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Timi Ecimovic
 
73
 
Non-executive Director
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Mei Yun Zhong
 
39
 
Non-executive Director
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Stephan Truly Busch
 
65
 
Non-executive Director
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Kwee Huwa Tan**
 
50
 
Non-executive Director
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

ShanmugaRatnam
 
58
 
Independent Non-executive Director
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

M. ShahidSiddiqi
 
72
 
Independent Non-executive Director
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

HakikurRahman
 
57
 
Independent Non-executive Director
 
2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Lay HoonOng
 
42
 
Independent Non-executive Director
 
2014

 

*Effective February 24, 2017,
Mr Guan Chuan Tan resigned as a director
 
** On March 1, 2017,
the Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of its Nominating Committee, appointed Ms. Kwee Huwa Tan to serve on the Board
as an executive director. Ms. Tan will also serve on the Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board. Ms. Tan
has been a non-executive director for the company from 2013 to 2016.
 

16
 

 
Boon Hong Haw
 
Boon Hong Haw was appointed
as a Chairman cum Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company in 2014. Also serves as one of the Finance, Audit, Remuneration
and Risk Management Board Committee member of HEYU Group of Companies in 2014.
 
Mr Haw is a Business
Consultant and Professor in Corporate Social Responsibility for Ansted University since September 1999.He has developed many successful
portfolios for public listed companies, private limited companies, business enterprise, NGOs to World Organization, Institutions
and government agencies in various countries through encouraging these entities to cultivating Corporate and Individuals Social
Responsibility practices.
 
Mr. Haw is one of the
Internationally well-known Environmentalists, Educationalists, Social Scientists, Strategic planners, authors, Peace Sustainable
Makers and Consultant/Specialist on International Business & Entrepreneurial Development, leadership, Corporate Social &
Sustainable Responsibilities, Financial & Economic, Management, Marketing, Cross-Cultural Resource, Human Rights and the creative
management of change. Also he is an intellectual luminary of great repute and a human dynamo of hard work and unstinted service.
Mr Haw individual qualifications and skills that led to the conclusion that he should serve as a Chairman and Audit and Finance
Committee include his extensive and broad experience in the Hotel industry gained through his years of consultancy positions of
increasing responsibility in operations, corporate planning, mergers and acquisition. He has no conflict of interest in any business
arrangement involving the Company. He has had no convictions for any offences within the past ten years.
 
Ban Siong Ang
 
Mr. Ban Siong Ang was
appointed as a Group CEO and Managing Director of the Company in 2014. He also served as interim CFO prior to the joining of new
CFO.
 
He graduated from University
of Southern Queensland, Australia in 1998 and completed his Doctor of Business Administration from Ansted University in 2011. Upon
his graduation from Australia, he started his career and worked as Senior Officer in Bursa Malaysia Depository SdnBhd (formerly
known as Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange) between 1998 to2004. From 2004 to 2009, he served as Director and principal consultant for
Golden Design Renovation and Construction Sdn Bhd. Between 2010 and 2011, he served as General Manager and Directors for E-World
Films Production Limited, Big Mine (Hong Kong) Private Limited and Asia Morgan Foundation Financial Ltd. In 2012, he founded Heyu
Group of Companies in China, Hong Kong and Malaysia. Heyu Group of Companies are engaged in Leisure and Hotels management, Club
membership, Biotechnology, Finance and Investment, Food & Beverage, Brand Franchising, Advance Entertainment Technology, Event
Management, Property Development and Management, land & real estate property development, etc.
 
He is responsible in
the formulation and implementation of the HEYU Group’s corporate strategies as well as in charge of the corporate finance
and investment management aspects of the Group due to his acute knowledge with rich experience, strong commitment, innovative and
dynamic personality. He obtained few Professional Institution Fellowship recognitions from the United Kingdom and also as a member
of “The Academic Council on the United Nations System (ACUNS)” in Canada.
 

17
 

 
In view of Mr. Ang’s
humanitarian contributions, he was certified as ASRIA CSR-CAP in recognizing his outstanding contributions to establish, promote
and protect humanity, Peace, Culture Human resource development and Education for the well-being of human society through volunteerism.
He was also bestowed the Royal Orders from the State of Pahang in Malaysia.
 
Hung Seng Tan
 
Mr. Hung Seng Tan was
appointed as an Executive Director of the Company in 2014. In July 2007, he graduated from Ansted University and possessed Bachelor
degree in Civil Engineering.
 
Between March 1980 and
February 1984, he worked at Hotels and Restaurants in the United States of America.
 
In June 1984, he started
his own business venture in Malaysia and served as Managing Director in Mesin Engineering SdnBhd in the field of quarry construction
and trading business. Mr Tan is a prominent hand on specialist in town with 30 year experience in the quarry business (River and
Marine sand exploratory) and also in earthworks construction project to which he has completed few important infrastructure projects
in Malaysia since 1984. Presently, he sits on the Directors of Mesin Engineering SdnBhd and Hung Seng Constructions SdnBhd in Malaysia
since 1984.
 
Mr. Tan’s individual
qualifications and skills that led to the conclusion that he should serve as a director and co-founder of Heyu Group of companies
to oversee on hotel business, property development and risk management. 
  
Guan Chuan Tan
 
Guan Chuan Tan was appointed
as a Director of the Company in 2014. He possesses a Bachelor and Master in Business Administration from Ansted University. He
has engaged in restaurant and property industry for over 30 years.
 
In 1998, he formed Lava
Group and started his first Japanese Food Restaurant- Sushi Sam in Texas City, Texas. In 2002, he set up a Japanese and Thailand
Style Restaurant- Lava Grill in Texas. In 2008, he served as Executive Director of Aniseed Group to take charge of culinary and
food development. Besides that, he also expanded his business in China and started up a Vietnamese Restaurant in Shanghai, China.
In 2010, he expanded another Asian style restaurant, named Lava 10, in another city of Texas. He also serve as CEO of Buddhist
Temple at Dallas, Texas since 2008.
 
He does not have any
family relationship with any directors and/or major shareholder of HEYU Group of Companies, nor any conflict of interest in any
business arrangement involving the Company. He has had no convictions for any offenses within the past ten years.
 
Effective February 24,
2017, Mr Guan Chuan Tan resigned as a director
 
Timi Ecimovic
 
Timi Ecimovic was appointed
as a Non-Executive Director of the Company in 2014. He was the Ex-Chairman of the World Thinkers’ Forum cum one of the chapter’s
founding members of the World Thinkers’ Panel on the Sustainable Future of Humankind (WTP-SFH) in China. He started his career
as veterinary surgeon with Agriculture Institute, Nova Gorica and Ihan between 1966 and 1969. In 1969, he worked as Adviser for
development of Veterinary drugs in Krka Pharmaceutical Company. Between 1970 and 1972, he held the position of Regional Veterinary
Officer in Ministry of Agriculture, Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania. From 1972 to 1975, he worked as Regional Sales and Marketing Manager
in Krka Pharmaceutical Company, Slovenia. Between 1975 and 1979, he served as Financial adviser in Ljubljanska Bank for industrial
co-operation and joint venture affairs. In 1981, he served as General Manager in Danjub Chemical company at Enugu in Nigeria. From
1982 to 1986, he served as Sales Manager in EmonaIpko. He started his own company namely TJE Business Advisory Centre and served
for Manager between 1987 and 1993. In 1993, he worked as independent researcher registered with Ministry of Science and Technology
at Ljubljana in Slovenia. From 1995 until present, he is the Director of SEM Institute for Climate change and free-lance lecturer
for the climate change system, nature, space and environment protection.
 
He has more than 300
professional publications including 20 books, several book chapters in the field of Environmental Sciences, Physics of the Nature,
System thinking, Climate Change System, Corporate and Individual Social Responsibility, etc. Also he is the Chair of ASRIA’s
CSR-CAP, Professor cum Program Director of Ansted University’s School of Environmental Sciences, Ex-Head of SEM Institute
for Climate Change, active member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts, was an International Consultant Socio-Economic
and Sport Fishing for The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (UN FAO) in Rome, Italy. He received the public
certificate The Citizen of the Earth XXI, 2012.
 

18
 

 
Mr. Timi Ecimovic has
been nominated by many institutions in the world for the Nobel Prize in Physics. He has been serving as Chairman for the World
Thinkers’ Forum, The Chancellor of the World Philosophical Forum University, and many of his activities have been broadcasted
via various media channels through press, magazines, journals TV shows and radio presentations including Kaleidoscope of the United
Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF). He is author of environmental sciences and sustainable development cum sustainable future
of humankind resources books as well as listed in Who’s who publications as Global Studies Encyclopedic Directory, and Encyclopedic
Directory of Known Slovenians. He does not have any family relationship with any directors and/or major shareholder of HEYU Group
of Companies, nor any conflict of interest in any business arrangement involving the Company. He has had no convictions for any
offences in his whole life until now.
 
Mei Yun Zhong
 
Ms. Zhong was appointed
as a Non-Executive Director cum Nomination Committee member of the Company in 2014. From 1996 to 2000, she started her career as
surgical nurse in Fuzhou General Hospital of Nanjing Military Region in China. Subsequently, she worked as Regional Agent for China
Life Insurance between 2000 and 2002. From 2003 to present, she working as healthcare Regional Sales agent and Manager in New Era
GuoZengInc in China.
 
In 2013, she received
her Bachelor Degree of Business Administration from Ansted University. In view of her strong interest in doing business with good
leadership skill, she was appointed Non-Executive Director in 2014. She does not have any family relationship with any directors
and/or major shareholder of HEYU Group of Companies, nor any conflict of interest in any business arrangement involving the Company.
She has had no convictions for any offences within the past ten years.
 
Stephan Truly Busch
 
Stephan Truly Busch
was appointed as a Non-Executive Director cum Nomination Committee member of the Company in 2014. He has been in the teaching profession
for over 40 years at different German schools in Germany. He is a well-known English teacher in Germany, also fluent in German,
Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian languages. He started his career as translator/ interpreter with Energeoinvest Sarajevo between 1970
and 1973. From 1973 to present, he is working as the teacher of English and German at Wolfenbuettel School in Germany. He also
served as Evaluation consultant for Europe in California University FCE from 2011 until now.
 
He completed his Doctor
of Education at Ansted University and serves as an Evaluation expert for European credentials. He has also managed several soccer
teams throughout Germany. He does not have any family relationship with any directors and/or major shareholder of HEYU Group of
Companies, nor any conflict of interest in any business arrangement involving the Company. He has had no convictions for any offences
within the past ten years.
 
Kwee Huwa Tan
 
Kwee Huwa Tan was appointed
as a Non-Executive Director cum Nomination Committee member of the Company in 2014. In 2014, she received her Bachelor of Business
Administration from Ansted University. She does have 25 years of experience in beauty care business. Presently she is the Principal
Consultant for HEYU Healthcare division in the aspect of beauty and cosmetology.
 
In 2000, she established
Slynn International Beauty Group and working as Director until now, which is integrating scientific research, marketing, training
and professional beauty in business territories covering mainland China, Southeast Asia, Europe, America and China Taiwan region.
She has been enthusiastic about public welfare, involving social welfare activities and contribution diligently.
 
She does not have any
family relationship with any directors and/or major shareholder of HEYU Group of Companies, nor any conflict of interest in any
business arrangement involving the Company. She has had no convictions for any offences within the past ten years.
 
On March 1, 2017, the
Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of its Nominating Committee, appointed Ms. Kwee Huwa Tan to serve on the Board as an
executive director. Ms. Tan will also serve on the Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board. Ms. Tan has been
a non-executive director for the company from 2013 to 2016.
 

19
 

 
Shanmuga Ratnam,
 
Shanmuga Ratnam was
appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director cum the Finance, Audit, Remuneration and Risk Management Board Committee member
of HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION in 2014. He is retired since 2009 and was formerly a banker who served as head of department
in the FOREX exchange for 25 years in a financial institution in Malaysia.
  
A well-known personality
in his chosen profession, Mr. Ratnam is Ansted University Doctorate Alumni cum Honorary Advisory Council member in Malaysia. Also
he obtained few Professional Institution Fellowship recognitions from the United Kingdom and travels extensively to various countries
to serve as an invited speaker.
 
He does not have any
family relationship with any directors and/or major shareholder of HEYU Group of Companies, nor any conflict of interest in any
business arrangement involving the Company. He has had no convictions for any offences within the past ten years.
 
M. Shahid Siddiqi
 
M. Shahid Siddiqi was
appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company in 2014. He is one of the founding members of the World Thinkers’
Panel on the Sustainable Future of Humankind (WTP-SFH). He is a Notary Public in the State of California, United States, since
2009. He has been a Board of Advisor cum Professor in Business & Accounting for Ansted University University since March 1999.
He is a retired Tax Consultant in the United States and Canada since November 2007. Besides that, he also served as president/CEO,
Avon Income Tax Services since October 1990. In 1980, he was Deputy Governor for American Biographical Institute Research Association.
 
He does not have any
family relationship with any directors and/or major shareholder of HEYU Group of Companies, nor any conflict of interest in any
business arrangement involving the Company. He has had no convictions for any offences within the past ten years.
 
Hakikur Rahman
 
Md. HakikurRahman was
appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company in 2014. He is specialized in the field of Computer Engineering.
He is Ansted University Doctorate alumni cum Honorary Advisory Council member. Also he is a trained and qualified Electrical &
Electronics Engineer and has been serving as faculty members for various Universities in Portugal and Bangladesh. He is the Chief
Editor of the Advances in Knowledge Communities and Social Networks (AKCSN) Book series and International Journal of Information
and Communication technology for Human Development (IJICTHD);
 
He started his career
as National Project Coordinator with Sustainable Development Networking Foundation (UNDP) in Bangladesh in December 1999, subsequently
being promoted to executive Director in January 2007. Between November 2008 and November 2013, he served as Post-Doctoral Researcher
in the University of Minho, Portugal to conduct research in the field of knowledge management and organizational learning. From
April 2014 to the present, he is working as Director (Academic Services) in the Institute of Computer Management Science, responsible
for the preparation of course materials and manuals for personnel from Government and Non-Government organization. He has contributed
over 45 book chapters, authored/edited about 20 books and published more than 100 articles/papers on ICT for Development (e.g.
knowledge management, e-governance, e-learning, data mining applications and Internet governance).
 
He does not have any
family relationship with any directors and/or major shareholder of HEYU Group of Companies, nor any conflict of interest in any
business arrangement involving the Company. He has had no convictions for any offences within the past ten years.
 
Lay Hoon Ong
 
Ms. Lay Hoon Ong, was
appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company in 2014. She has 20 years of experience in directing business
administrative and accounting aspects in the field of Education Institution, Publication, Insurance, Business Consultancy, Manufacturing
and Industrial Services. Although this kind of task is considered extremely challenging but she never stopped learning the new
approaches and improve herself along the journey as a dedicated Administrative Management Director. In view of her international
voluntary contributions for many successful conference event projects, she was awarded an Honorary Doctorate degree BALKAN Academy
of Science, Technology and Management in Sofia, Bulgaria in 2005. In addition, she also sits on the Directors of several private
limited companies in Malaysia.
 
She started her career as an Insurance Financial
Planner with SimeAxa Assurance Berhad between December 1993 and July 1999. Between September 1999 and August 2003, she was the
Deputy Director for Ansted Asia Regional Service Center to overseeing and managing international projects in Asia and the United
Kingdom. Between September 2003 and August 2010, she served as Director cum Shareholder for Best Team Industrial Services. From
September 2010 to the present, she serves as Director cum Shareholder for Best Team Manufacturing and Trading Sdn. Bhd to overseeing
and directing Administrative and Account Department of Best Team Group of Companies.
 

20
 

 
She has no conflict
of interest in any business arrangement involving the Company. She has had no convictions for any offences within the past ten
years.
 
Director Independence
 
Pursuant to Rule 4200
of The NASDAQ Stock Market one of the definitions of an independent director is a person other than an executive officer or employee
of a company. The Company's board of directors has reviewed the materiality of any relationship that each of the directors has
with the Company, either directly or indirectly. Based on this review, the board currently has five independent directors.
 
Committees and Terms
 
The Board of Directors
(the “Board”) has established two committees, which are the Finance, Audit and Risk Management committee and nominations
committee. The Company has adopted a charter for each of the board committees. Each committee’s members and functions are
described below.
 
Finance, Audit and Risk
Management Committee
 
Our audit committee
consists of four directors, namely Mr. Shanmuga Ratnam, Mr Boon Hong Haw, Mr Ban Siong Ang and Mr Hung Seng Tan. Our board of directors
has determined that Mr. Shanmuga Ratnam is qualified as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC regulations.
The audit committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our
company. The audit committee is responsible for, among other things:
 

●selecting
                                         the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted
                                         to be performed by the independent auditors;
 

●setting
                                         clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors;
 

●reviewing
                                         with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management’s
                                         response;
 

●reviewing
                                         and approving all proposed related-party transactions;
 

●discussing
                                         the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent auditors;
 

●discussing
                                         with management and the independent auditors major issues regarding accounting principles
                                         and financial statement presentations;
 

●reviewing
                                         reports prepared by management or the independent auditors relating to significant financial
                                         reporting issues and judgments;
 

●reviewing
                                         with management and the independent auditors related-party transactions and off-balance
                                         sheet transactions and structures;
 

●reviewing
                                         with management and the independent auditors the effect of regulatory and accounting
                                         initiatives and actions;
 

●reviewing
                                         policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management;
 

●reviewing
                                         our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting;
 

●timely
                                         reviewing reports from the independent auditors regarding all critical accounting policies
                                         and practices to be used by our company, all alternative treatments of financial information
                                         within GAAP that have been discussed with management and all other material written communications
                                         between the independent auditors and management;
 

●establishing
                                         procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received from our employees
                                         regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential,
                                         anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or
                                         auditing matters;
 

●annually
                                         reviewing and reassessing the adequacy of our audit committee charter;
 

●such
                                         other matters that are specifically delegated to our audit committee by our board of
                                         directors from time to time; and
 

●meeting
                                         separately, periodically, with management, the internal auditors and the independent
                                         auditors.
 

21
 

 
Nomination
Committee
 
Our
Nomination committee consists of Ms. Kwee Huwa Tan, Mr. Truly Bush and Ms. Mei Yun Zhong. The nomination committee is responsible
for, among other things:
 

●Making
                                         recommendations as to the size, composition, structure, operations, performance and effectiveness
                                         of the Board;
 

●Overseeing
                                         the Company’s chief executive officer (“CEO”) succession planning process
 

●Conducting
                                         an annual review of the Company’s CEO and non-independent chairman, if any;
 

●Developing
                                         and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance principles, including independence
                                         standards; and taking a leadership role in shaping the corporate governance of the Company.
 
Legal Proceedings
 
There are no legal
proceedings regarding the Company.
 
Code of Ethics
 
Our Board of Directors
has not adopted a code of ethics. We anticipate that we will adopt a code of ethics when we increase either the number of our Directors
or the number of our employees.
 
Family Relationships
 
There are no family relationships between
any director, executive officer, or person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer.
 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
Executive Compensation
 
The following table sets forth all compensation
paid by the Company for the fiscal years of 2015 and 2016.  
 
Summary Executive Compensation Table:
 


  
   
   
   
Aggregate  
   
   
   
   
  

  
   
Annual  
Annual  
Accrued  
   
   
   
All  
Annual 

  
   
Earned  
Payments  
Salary Since  
   
Stock and  
Compensation  
Other  
Compensation 

Name/Position 
Year  
Salary  
Made  
Inception  
Bonus  
Options  
Plans  
Compensation  
Total 

  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

Boon Hong Haw, 
 2015  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
 -  
 -  
 -  
$0 

Chairman 
 2016  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
 -  
 -  
 -  
$0 

  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   

Ban SiongAng,CEO and 
 2015  
$180,000  
$0  
$180,000  
$0  
 -  
 -  
 -  
$180,000 

Group Managing Director 
 2016  
$36,000  
$0  
$36,000  
$0  
 -  
 -  
 -  
$36,000 

  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   

Hung Seng Tan, 
 2015  
$72,000  
$0  
$72,000  
$0  
 -  
 -  
 -  
$72,000 

Executive Director 
 2016  
$36,000  
$0  
$36,000  
$0  
 -  
 -  
 -  
$36,000 

  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   

Guan Chuan Tan, 
 2015  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
 -  
 -  
 -  
$0 

Director 
 2016  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
 -  
 -  
 -  
$0 

  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   

Kean Tat Che, 
 2015  
$72,000  
$0  
$72,000  
$0  
 -  
 -  
 -  
$72,000 

Former Chief Financial Officer Resigned on November 13, 2015 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   

 

22
 

 
The table above does
not include prerequisites and other personal benefits in amounts less than 10% of the total annual salary and other compensation.
There have been no changes in the Company’s compensation policy since the end of the Company’s last fiscal year, December
31, 2016.
 
The Board of Directors
may allocate salaries and benefits to the officers in its sole discretion. No officer is subject to a compensation plan or arrangement
that results from his or her resignation, retirement, or any other termination of employment with the Company or from a change
in control of the Company or a change in his or her responsibilities following a change in control. The members of the Board of
Directors may receive, if the Board so decides, a fixed fee and reimbursement of expenses, for attendance at each regular or special
meeting of the Board, although no such program has been adopted to date. The Company currently has no retirement, pension, or profit-sharing
plan covering its officers and directors; however, the Company plans to implement certain such benefits after sufficient funds
are realized or raised by the Company (see “Anticipated Officer and Director Remuneration” below.)
  
Narrative Disclosure
to Summary Compensation Table
 
There
are no current employment agreements between the Company and its executive officers. The compensation discussed herein addresses
all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers. There are no other stock option plans, retirement,
pension, or profit sharing plans for the benefit of our officers and directors other than as described herein.
 
Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
 
There
are no current outstanding equity awards to our executive officers as of December 31, 2016.  
 
Employment Agreements
 
The Company enters into
and maintains customary employment agreements with each of its officers and employees.
 
The employees receive
health insurance benefits. The Company provides the health insurance coverage to all Company staff after a probation period.
 
The Company also offers
an Employee Provident Fund as a provision of retirement funds. All Company staff are entitled to participate in this fund after
a probation period. The contribution of the Employee Provident Fund is from Employer and Employee. The Company will match up to
five percent of the Employee’s salary towards a contribution.
 
The Company also provides
a food allowance. The food allowance is provided to the hotel staff only, of up to RMB 10.00 per working shift.
 
The Company may offer
additional fringe and welfare benefits in the future as the Company’s profits grow and/or the Company secures additional
outside financing or its profits from operations allow expenditure on such items.
 
Anticipated Officer and Director Remuneration
 
The Company pays reduced
levels of compensation to its officers and director at present. The Company intends to pay regular, competitive annual salaries
to all its officers and will pay an annual stipend to its directors when, and if, it completes a primary public offering for the
sale of securities and/or the Company reaches greater profitability, experiences larger and more sustained positive cash flow and/or
obtains additional funding. At such time, the Company anticipates offering additional cash and non-cash compensation to officers
and directors. In addition, although not presently offered, the Company anticipates that its officers and directors will be provided
with additional fringe benefits and perquisites at subsidizes rates, or at the sole expense of the Company, as may be determined
on a case-by-case basis by the Company in its sole discretion. In addition, the Company may plan to offer 401(k) matching funds
as a retirement benefit at a later time.
 
Code of Ethics
 
Our Board of Directors
has not adopted a code of ethics. We anticipate that we will adopt a code of ethics when we increase either the number of our Directors
or the number of our employees.
  

23
 

 
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
 
Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act may require our executive officers and Directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock to
file reports of ownership and change in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the exchange on which the common
stock is listed for trading. Executive officers, Directors and more than ten percent (10%) stockholders are required by regulations
promulgated under the Exchange Act to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports filed. Based solely on our review of
copies of the Section 16(a) reports filed for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, we believe that our executive officers,
Directors and ten percent (10%) stockholders complied with all reporting requirements applicable to them.
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
 
The following table sets forth information
as of the date of this prospectus regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company’s common stock by each of its executive
officers and directors, individually and as a group and by each person who beneficially owns in excess of five percent of the common
stock after giving effect to any exercise of warrants or options held by that person.
 
Security Ownership of Officers,
Directors and Certain Beneficial Holders
 


  
  
Number of Shares of  
Percent of Class Percent of Class Before 

Name 
Position 
Common Stock  
(1) 

  
  
   
  

Ban SiongAng (2) 
CEO, and Group Managing Director 
 46,388,604  
 70%

  
  
    
   

Tiang Lee Ng (2) 
5% Shareholder 
 4,272,419  
 6%

  
  
    
   

Total owned by officers and directors 
  
 46,388,604  
 70%

 
* Less than 1%
(1) Based upon 60,001,000 shares outstanding as of the date
of this offering.
(2) Address is 611 South Main Street, Grapevine,
Texas 76051.
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.
 
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 
James Cassidy, a partner
in the law firm which acts as counsel to the Company, is the sole owner and director of Tiber Creek Corporation. Tiber Creek is
entitled to receive cash fees from the Company.
 
James Cassidy and James
McKillop, who is the sole officer and owner of MB Americus, LLC, were both formerly officers and directors of the Company. As the
organizers and developers of Cloud Run, Mr. Cassidy and Mr. McKillop were involved with the Company prior to the Acquisitions.
In particular, Mr. Cassidy provided services to the Company without charge, including preparation and filing of the charter corporate
documents and preparation of the instant registration statement. Each of Mr. Cassidy and Mr. McKillop are considered promoters
of the Company. Tiber Creek received cash fees from the Company of $45,000 and will receive an additional $20,000 at such time
when the securities of the Company begin trading on the market.
 
As a result of acquisition,
the Company issued shares of its common stock to Ban SiongAng at a rate of 1,000 shares of the Company’s common stock for
40,000,000 of Heyu Capital common shares.
 
Ban Siong Ang, the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer, and Managing Director is the brother-in-law of Hung Seng Tan, an executive director of the Company.
 

24
 

 
Director Independence
 
Our securities are not listed on a national
securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that directors be independent. Therefore, we
have adopted the independence standards of the American Stock Exchange, now known as the NYSE MKT LLC, to determine the independence
of our directors and those directors serving on our committees. These standards provide that a person will be considered an independent
director if he or she is not an officer of the company and is, in the view of the company’s board of directors, free of any
relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment. Our board of directors has determined that as of the
date of this Report, we had 5 independent directors.
 
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES.
 
Audit Fees
 
The aggregate fees billed for each of the
last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statement
and review of financial statements included in our 10-Q reports and services normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements were $45,000 for fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and $45,000 for fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015.
 
Audit-Related Fees
 
The aggregate fees billed in each of the
last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported above were $0 for fiscal year ended December 31, 2016,
and $0 for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.
 
Tax Fees
 
The aggregate fees billed in each of the
last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning
were $0 for fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and $0 for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.
 
All Other Fees
 
The aggregate fees billed in each of the
last two fiscal years for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above were
$0 for fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and $0for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.
 
Audit Committee
 
As of the date of this Annual Report, the
Company did not have a standing audit committee serving, and as a result our board of directors performs the duties of an audit
committee. Our board of directors will evaluate and approve in advance, the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before
the auditor renders audit and non-audit services. We do not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures.
 


25
 

 
PART IV
 
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES.
 


 
(a)
Financial Statements Index

 
The following financial statements are
filed with this report:
 
Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm
 
Consolidated Balance
Sheets at December 31, 2016 and 2015
 
Consolidated Statements of Operations
for the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015
 
Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015
 
Consolidated Statements of Changes
in Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements
 

26
 

 


 
(b)
Exhibits

 


2.1++
 
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization

3.1+
 
Certificate of Incorporation

3.2+
 
By-laws

10.1++
 
Memorandum of Understanding with Golden Eagle Hotel

10.2++
 
Memorandum of Understanding  with Xiamen Yuan Bo Bay Hot Springs Hotel

10.3++
 
Letter of Intent to Shanghang Hotel Project

10.4+++
 
Letter of Intent to Shanghang Hotel Project (English translation)

10.5+++
 
Employment appointment of Ang Ban Siong

10.6+++
 
Employment appointment letter of Kean Tat, Che

10.7+++
 
Appointment letter for Haw Boon Hong

10.8+++
 
Appointment letter for HakikurRahman

10.9+++
 
Appointment letter for M ShahidSiddiqi

10.10+++
 
Appointment letter for Ong Lay Hoon

10.11+++
 
Appointment letter for ShanmugaRatnam

10.12+++
 
Appointment letter for Stephan Truly Busch

10.13+++
 
Appointment letter for Guan Chuan Tan

10.14+++
 
Appointment letter for Tan Hung Seng

10.15+++
 
Appointment letter for Tan KweeHuwa

10.16+++
 
Appointment letter for TimiEcimovic

10.17+++
 
Appointment letter for Zhong Mei Yun

10.18 ++++
 
Land Use Right Agreement with Xiamen Yuan Bo Bay Hot Springs Hotel

10.19+++++
 
Resignation letter of Kean Tat, Che

31.1
 
Rule 15d-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer

32.1
 
Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer

  
 



+
Previously filed on Form 10-12G on September 30, 2013 (File No.: 000-55068) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed here, and incorporated herein by this reference.

++ 
Previously filed on Form 8-K on February 9, 2015 (File No. 000-55068) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit numbed listed here, and incorporated herein by this reference.

+++
Previously filed on Form S-1/A on July 20, 2015 (File No. 333-201986) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit numbed listed here, and incorporated herein by this reference.

++++
Previously filed on Form S-1/A on October 6, 2015 (File No. 333-201986) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit numbed listed here, and incorporated herein by this reference.

+++++
Previously filed on Form S-1/A on December 28, 2015 (File No. 333-201986) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit numbed listed here, and incorporated herein by this reference.

 

27
 

 
SIGNATURES
 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 


 
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

 
 
 

Date: May 31, 2017

By:
/s/ Ban Siong Ang

 
 
Ban Siong Ang, Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer, 
Principal Financial Officer)

 

28
 

 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons, constituting all of the members of the
board of directors, in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 


Signature
 
Capacity
 
Date

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ Boon Hong Haw
 
Chairman of Board cum Independent Non-executive Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ Ban SiongAng
 
CEO and Group Managing Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ Hung Seng Tan
 
Executive Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ KweeHuwa Tan
 
Executive Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ TimiEcimovic
 
Non-executive Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ Mei Yun Zhong
 
Non-executive Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ Stephan Truly Busch
 
Non-executive Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ ShanmugaRatnam
 
Independent Non-executive Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ M. ShahidSiddiqi
 
Independent Non-executive Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ Md. HakikurRahman
 
Independent Non-executive Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
 
 
 
 

/s/ Lay HoonOng
 
Independent Non-executive Director
 
May 31, 2017

 
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED
WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 15(d) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS
WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED
SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF
THE ACT
 
We will furnish to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, at the same time that it is sent to stockholders, any proxy or information statement that we send to our stockholders
in connection with any annual stockholders’ meeting.
 

29
 

 
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
 
 


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
 
F-2

 
 
 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015
 
F-3

 
 
 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
 
F-4

 
 
 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
 
F-5

 
 
 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
 
F-6

 
 
 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 
F-7

 

F-1
 

 

 
REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 
To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders
 
Heyu
Leisure Holidays Corporation and its subsidiaries
 
We
have audited the balance sheets of Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as of December
31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity and consolidated cash
flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Group's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
 
We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The Group is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. Our audits includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
 
In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Group as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and the groups’ result of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for
the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
 
The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Group will continue as a going concern. As shown in the
consolidated financial statements, the Group has incurred an accumulated deficit of $6,738,047 and $6,039,956 for the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This raises substantial doubt about the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management’s plans in regard to this matter are described in Note 8. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
 
/s/
Anton & Chia, LLP
May
26, 2017
Newport
Beach, CA
 

F-2
 

 


HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

Consolidated Balance Sheets

As of December 31, 2016 and 2015

  
   
  

  
December 31,  
December 31, 

  
2016  
2015 

  
   
  

ASSETS 
   
  

Current assets 
   
  

Cash 
$9,084  
$2,762 

Account receivable, net 
 0  
 9,388 

Prepayment 
 0  
 801 

Inventory 
 88  
 1,429 

Amount due from related parties 
 23,886  
 194,322 

  
    
   

Total current assets 
 33,058  
 208,702 

  
    
   

Other assets 
    
   

Deposit, non-current 
 22,538  
 21,138 

Prepayment 
 230  
 669 

Property and leasehold improvements, net 
 139,526  
 277,776 

Intangible asset 
 4,116  
 5,210 

  
    
   

Total non-current assets 
 166,410  
 304,793 

  
    
   

Total assets 
 199,468  
 513,495 

  
    
   

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT)/ EQUITY 
    
   

  
    
   

Current liabilities 
    
   

Account payable 
 23,947  
 13,297 

Amount due to related parties 
 1,257,961  
 1,192,387 

Other payables and accruals 
 470,058  
 186,757 

Tax payable 
 40,563  
 38,505 

  
    
   

Total liabilities 
 1,792,529  
 1,430,946 

  
    
   

Stockholders' equity (deficit) 
    
   

Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized;  none issued and outstanding 
    
   

Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 60,001,000 and 60,001,000 shares issued and outstanding as of  December 31,2016 and  December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 6,000  
 6,000 

Additional paid-in capital 
 5,098,747  
 5,098,747 

Accumulated deficit 
 (6,738,047) 
 (6,039,956 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 40,239  
 17,758 

Total stockholders' (deficit)/ equity 
 (1,593,061) 
 (917,451)

  
    
   

Total liabilities and stockholders' (deficit)/ equity 
$199,468  
$513,495 

 
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

F-3
 

 


HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION
 

Consolidated Statements of Operations
 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
 

 


  
For the year ended 

  
December 31,  
December 31, 

  
2016  
2015 

Revenue  
$145,743  
$329,514 

Cost of revenue  
 375,424  
 486,296 

Gross Loss  
 (229,681) 
 (156,782)

  
    
   

Operating costs and expenses: 
    
   

Selling expenses 
 1,003  
 9,374 

General & Administrative expenses 
 466,613  
 860,648 

Finance expenses 
 794  
 1,128 

  
    
   

Loss before income taxes 
 (698,091) 
 (1,027,932)

Income tax  
 0  
 0 

Net loss  
 (698,091) 
 (1,027,932)

  
    
   

Other comprehensive income 
    
   

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 22,481  
 7,097 

Comprehensive income (loss) 
$(675,610) 
$(1,020,835)

  
    
   

Loss per share-basic and diluted 
$(0.01) 
$(0.17)

  
    
   

Weighted average shares-basic and diluted 
 60,001,000  
 60,000,890 

 
The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements
 

F-4
 

 


HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity/(Deficit)

For the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015

 

  
Common shares  
Common stock  
APIC  
Accumulated Deficit  
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  
Total Stockholders' Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2014 
 60,000,000  
$6,000  
$5,098,747  
$(5,012,024) 
$10,661  
$103,384 

  
    
    
    
    
    
   

Net loss 
 0  
 0  
 0  
 (1,027,932) 
 0  
 (1,027,932)

Capital transaction-under common control 
 1000  
 0.1  
 -0.1  
 0  
 0  
 - 

Foreign exchange gain/loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 7,097  
 7,097 

Balance, December 31, 2015 
 60,001,000  
 6,000  
 5,098,747  
 (6,039,956) 
 17,758  
 (917,451)

  
    
    
    
    
    
   

Net loss 
 0  
 0  
 0  
 (698,091) 
 0  
 (698,091)

Foreign exchange gain/loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 22,481  
 22,481 

Balance, December 31, 2016 
 60,001,000  
$6,000  
$5,098,747  
$(6,738,047) 
$40,239  
$(1,593,061)

 
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
 


F-5
 

 



HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

For the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015

 


  
For the twelve  
For the twelve 

  
months ended  
months ended 

  
December 31,
    2016  
December 31,
    2015 

Operating activities 
   
  

Net loss 
$(698,091) 
$(1,027,932 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities: 
    
   

Depreciation and amortization 
 126,355  
 138,568 

  
    
   

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
   

Account receivable 
 9,174  
 (7,043)

Inventory 
 1305  
 328 

Prepaid expense and prepaid rent 
 1,196  
 46,484 

Deposit 
 (2,905) 
 1,608 

Account payable 
 12,039  
 (27,933)

Other payables 
 236,036  
 95,427 

  
    
   

Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 (314,891) 
 (780,493 

  
    
   

Investing activities: 
    
   

Purchase of leasehold improvement 
 0  
 1,673 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 0  
 (7,175)

Amount due from a related party 
 251,535  
 (96,863)

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 251,535  
 (102,365)

  
    
   

Financing activities 
    
   

Amount due to a related party 
 74,165  
 820,680 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities 
 74,165  
 820,680 

  
    
   

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalent 
 (4,487) 
 3,286 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 6,322  
 (58,892)

Cash at the beginning of the year 
 2,762  
 61,654 

Cash at the end of the year 
$9,084  
$2,762 

 
The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements 
 


F-6
 

 
HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION
 
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
 
For
the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
 
NOTE
1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
NATURE
OF OPERATIONS 
 
Heyu
Leisure Holidays Corporation ("Heyu Leisure" or "the Group" or “the Registrant”) was incorporated
on July 2, 2013 under the laws of the state of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited
to, selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company manages unique budget hotels in China and internationally and luxury hotels
that provide executive facilities, leisure clubs and the highest level of operational excellence via selected mergers, acquisitions
and joint ventures. The Company will attempt to locate and negotiate with a business entity for the combination of that target
company with Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation. The combination will normally take the form of a merger, stock-for-stock exchange
or stock-for-assets exchange. In most instances the target company will wish to structure the business combination to be within
the definition of a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
The Company has been formed to provide a method for a foreign or domestic private company to become a reporting company with a
class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
On
February 9, 2015, Heyu Leisure merged with Heyu Capital Ltd (“Heyu Capital”), a corporation existing under the laws
of Hong Kong (Special Administrative Region of the PRC). Pursuant to the merger, the Registrant acquired all of the outstanding
common shares of Heyu Capital through the issuance of common shares of the Registrant to the shareholders of Heyu Capital. 
 
As
a result of the Merger and pursuant to the Resolution, Heyu Capital has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant and
the Registrant issued shares of its common stock to shareholders of Heyu Capital at a rate of 1,000 shares of the Registrant’s
common stock for all Heyu Capital common share. Immediately prior to the Merger, the Registrant had 60,000,000 shares of common
stock outstanding.
 
Following
the Merger, the Registrant has 60,001,000 shares of common stock outstanding after the share exchange and the issuance of 1,000
common shares to the shareholder of Heyu Capital.
 
The
transaction has been accounted for as a business combination under a method similar to the pooling-of-interest method ("Pooling-of-Interest")
as the Registrant and Heyu Capital are both under common control with by our majority shareholder. In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification (“ASC”) 805-50-25, it indicated that the financial statements of the receiving entity shall
report results of operations for the period in which the transfer occurs as though the transfer of net assets or exchange of equity
interests had occurred at the beginning of the period. Results of operations for that period will thus comprise those of the previously
separate entities combined from the beginning of the period to the date the transfer is completed and those of the combined operations
from that date to the end of the period. Further in 805-50-45-5, indicated that the financial statements and financial information
presented for prior years also shall be retrospectively adjusted to furnish comparative information. All adjusted financial statements
and financial summaries shall indicate clearly that financial data of previously separate entities are combined.
 
The
operating entity- Wu JiaEr Hotel Co., Ltd (“Wu JiaEr ”) has been acquired via Xiamen Heyu Hotel Management Co (“Xiamen
Heyu”) on January 25, 2014. As a result of the acquisition, Xiamen Heyu has become its immediate holding company, Heyu Capital
becomes its intermediate holding company and the Registrant has become an ultimate holding company of Wu JiaEr.
 
In
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 805, Business Combinations, We evaluate each investment
in a business to determine if we should account for the investment as a cost-basis investment, an equity investment, a business
combination or a common control transaction. An investment in which we do not have a controlling interest and which we are not
the primary beneficiary but where we have the ability to exert significant influence is accounted for under the equity method
of accounting. For those investments that we account for in accordance ASC 805, Business Combinations, we record the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed at our estimate of their fair values on the date of the business combination. Our assessment of the estimated
fair value of each of these can have a material effect on our reported results as intangible assets are amortized over various
lives. Furthermore, a change in the estimated fair value of an asset or liability often has a direct impact on the amount to recognize
as goodwill, which is not amortized. Often determining the fair value of these assets and liabilities assumed requires an assessment
of the expected use of the asset, the expected cost to extinguish a liability or our expectations related to the timing and the
successful completion of the integration of the business. Such estimates are inherently difficult and subjective and can have
a material impact on our financial statements.
 


F-7
 

 
ORGANIZATIONAL
STRUCTURE
 
The
following diagram illustrates our corporate and ownership structure, the place of formation and the ownership interests of our subsidiaries as
of December 31, 2016 after the acquisition.
 

 
 BASIS
OF CONSOLIDATION 
 
The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of our company and its subsidiaries. All significant transactions
and balances between our company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated upon consolidation. 
 
A
subsidiary is an entity in which our company, directly or indirectly, controls more than one half of the voting power, has the
power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of directors, and has the power to cast a majority of votes
at meetings of the board of directors or to govern the financial and operating policies of the investee under a statute or agreement
among the shareholders or equity holders. 
 
ASC
810 “Consolidation”, which provides guidance on the identification of and financial reporting for entities over which
control is achieved through means other than voting interests, requires certain variable interest entities to be consolidated
by the primary beneficiary of the entity. 
 
The
Group evaluate our business relationships such as those with franchisees to identify potential variable interest entities. Generally,
these businesses qualify for the business scope exception under the consolidation guidance. Therefore, we have concluded that
consolidation of any such entities is not appropriate for the periods. 
 
BUSINESS
COMBINATIONS 
 
U.S.
GAAP requires that business combinations be accounted for under the acquisition purchase method. From January 1, 2009,
the Group adopted ASC 805 “Business Combinations”. Following this adoption, the cost of an acquisition is measured
as the aggregate of the fair values at the date of exchange of the assets given, liabilities incurred, and equity instruments
issued. The costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
liabilities acquired or assumed are measured separately at their fair value as of the acquisition date, irrespective of the extent
of any non-controlling interests. The excess of (i) the total of cost of acquisition, the fair value of the non-controlling
interests and the acquisition date fair value of any previously held equity interest in the acquired over (ii) the fair value
of the identifiable net assets of the acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the cost of acquisition is less than the fair value
of the net assets of the entity acquired, the difference is recognized directly in the statements of operations. 
 


F-8
 

 
The
determination and allocation of fair values to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on various assumptions
and valuation methodologies requiring considerable management judgment. The most significant variables in these valuations are
discount rates, terminal values, the number of years on which to base the cash flow projections and the assumptions and estimates
used to determine the cash inflows and outflows. Management determines discount rates to be used based on the risk inherent in
the related activity’s current business model and industry comparisons. Terminal values are based on the expected life of
assets and forecasted life cycle and forecasted cash flows over that period. Although the Group believe that the assumptions applied
in the determinations that the Group have made are reasonable based on information available at the date of acquisition, actual
results may differ from the forecasted amounts and the difference could be material. 
 
USE
OF ESTIMATES 
 
The
preparation of audited consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Some of the significant
estimates include values and lives assigned to acquired property, reserves for customer returns and allowances, uncollectible
accounts receivable, slow moving, obsolete and/or damaged inventory. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
REVENUE
RECOGNITION 
 
Revenue
from leased hotel is derived from hotel operations, mainly including the rental of rooms, food and beverages sales from leased
hotels. Revenue is recognized when rooms are occupied and food and beverage are sold. Persuasive evidence of an arrangement, fixed
price, and service delivered and collection reasonably assured. 
 
ACCOUNT
RECEIVABLE, NET
 
Accounts
receivables mainly consist of amounts due from corporate customers, travel agents, hotel guests and credit card receivables, which
are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Group establishes an allowance
for doubtful accounts primarily based on the age of the receivables and factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers.
Allowance for account receivable amounted to $0 and $0 as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
 
INVENTORIES 
 
Inventories
mainly consist of food and beverages, small appliances, bedding and daily consumables. Small appliances, bedding and daily consumables
replacement are expensed when used.
 
PROPERTY
AND LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS, NET 
 
Property
and leasehold improvements, net are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The renovations, betterments
and related expenses incurred during the construction are capitalized. Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment
is provided using the straight line method over their expected useful lives. The expected useful lives are as follows: 
 


Leasehold
    improvements
5-10
    years

Furniture,
    fixtures and equipment
3-5
    years

 
Construction
in progress represents leasehold improvements under construction or being installed and is stated at cost. Cost comprises original
cost of property and equipment, installation, construction and other direct costs. Construction in progress is transferred to
leasehold improvements and depreciation commences when the asset is ready for its intended use. The useful live for leasehold
improvement is shorter of the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives of the assets. 
 


F-9
 

 
IMPAIRMENT
OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS
 
The
Group evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the Group measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of
the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition.
If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets, the Group recognizes an impairment
loss equal to the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of these assets. There is no impairment as of December
31 2016.
 
BUSINESS
TAX AND RELATED TAXES 
 
The
Group is subject to business tax, education surtax and urban maintenance and construction tax on the services provided in the
PRC. Such taxes are primarily levied based on revenue at applicable rates and are recorded as a reduction of revenue.
 
INCOME
TAX 
 
The
Group has implemented certain provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes (“ASC 740”), which clarifies the accounting and
disclosure for uncertain tax positions, as defined. ASC 740 seeks to reduce the diversity in practice associated with certain
aspects of the recognition and measurement related to accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Valuation allowances are established when it is more likely than not that
some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Group adopted the provisions of ASC 740 and have analyzed filing
positions in each PRC jurisdictions where we are required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions.
The Group has identified the PRC as our “major” tax jurisdiction. Generally, the Group remains subject to PRC examination
of our income tax returns annually.
 
The
Group believes that our income tax positions and deductions will be sustained by an audit and do not anticipate any adjustments
that will result in a material change to our financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have
been recorded pursuant to ASC 740. In addition, the Group did not record a cumulative effect adjustment, related to the adoption
of ASC 740. Our policy for recording interest and penalties associated with income-based tax audits is to record such items as
a component of income taxes.
 
INTANGIBLE
ASSETS
 
Intangible
assets with definite useful lives, representing software, are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 5 years using the
straight-line method, which represents the economic benefit pattern of the intangible assets.
 
LEASE 
 
A
lease of which substantially all the benefits and risks incidental to ownership remain with the lessor is classified as an operating
lease. The Group is currently classified it as operating lease. 
 
CONCENTRATION
OF RISK 
 
Financial
instruments that potentially expose the Group to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash, accounts receivable,
and amount due from related parties. The Group places its cash with high quality banking institutions. The Group didn’t
have cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015
respectively. And the Group periodically evaluates the creditworthiness of the existing customers in determining an allowance
for doubtful accounts primarily based upon the age of the receivables and factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers.
 
FAIR
VALUE 
 
The
Group follows guidance for accounting for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair value
measurements of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis.
The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level
1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The
three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
 
Level
1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group has the ability to
access at the measurement date. 
 
Level
2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
or indirectly. 
 
Level
3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.  
 


F-10
 

 
The
Group monitors the market conditions and evaluates the fair value hierarchy levels at least quarterly. For any transfers in and
out of the levels of the fair value hierarchy, the Group elects to disclose the fair value measurement at the beginning of the
reporting period during which the transfer occurred. 
 
FOREIGN
CURRENCY TRANSLATION
 
The
functional and reporting currency of the Company is the United States dollar ("U.S. dollar"). The financial records
of the Company located in the Hong Kong and PRC are maintained in their local currency, the Renminbi ("RMB") and Hong
Kong Dollar (“HKD”), which are the functional currency of these entities.
 
Monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency
at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Revenues, expenses, gains and losses are translated using the average
rate for the year. Retained earnings and equity are translated using the historical rate. Translation adjustments are reported
as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income.
 
COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS) 
 
Comprehensive
income (loss) is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions
to owners. Among other disclosures, ASC 220, Comprehensive Income requires that all items are required to be recognized under
current accounting standards as components of comprehensive loss are reported in a financial statement that is displayed with
the same prominence as other financial statements. For the periods presented, the Group’s comprehensive loss includes net
loss and foreign currency translation adjustments and is presented in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
CONCENTRATION
OF RISK 
 
Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash. The Company places
its cash with high quality banking institutions. The Company did not have cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation limit as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 respectively.
 
RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
 
In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842)”, to increase the transparency and comparability
about leases among entities. The new guidance requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a corresponding lease asset
for virtually all lease contracts. It also requires additional disclosures about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective
for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and requires a modified retrospective approach to adoption.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements.
 
In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments, to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement
of cash flows”. The amendments provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues: (1) Debt Prepayment or
Debt Extinguishment Costs; (2) Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates
That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing; (3) Contingent Consideration Payments Made
after a Business Combination; (4)Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims; (5) Proceeds from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned
Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned; (6) Life Insurance Policies; (7) Distributions Received from Equity Method Investees;
(8) Beneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions; and Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance
Principle. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The amendments should
be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively
for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The
Company does not expect that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
 
In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfer of Assets Other than Inventory”,
which requires the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when
the transfer occurs. ASU 2016-06 will be effective for the Company in its first quarter of 2019. The Company does not expect that
the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
 


F-11
 

 
In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-17, “Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under
Common Control”. The amendments affect reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate
a variable interest entity in certain situations involving entities under common control. Specifically, the amendments change
the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity by changing how a reporting
entity that is a single decision maker of a variable interest entity treats indirect interests in the entity held through related
parties that are under common control with the reporting entity. The amendments are effective for public business entities for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company does not expect that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
 
In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)”. ASU 2014-09 requires
an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers. ASU 2014-09 will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
when it becomes effective and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The guidance
also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer
contracts. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, “Deferral of the Effective Date”, which defers the effective
date for ASU 2014-09 by one year. For public entities, the guidance in ASU 2014-09 will be effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017 (including interim reporting periods within those periods), which means it will be effective
for the Company’s fiscal year beginning January 1, 2018. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, “Principal
versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue versus Net)”, which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus
agent considerations in the new revenue recognition standard. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, “Identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing”, which reduces the complexity when applying the guidance for identifying performance
obligations and improves the operability and understandability of the license implementation guidance. In May 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-12 “Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients”, which amends the guidance on transition, collectability,
noncash consideration and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes. In December 2016, the FASB further issued ASU 2016-20,
“Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, which makes minor corrections
or minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or
create a significant administrative cost to most entities. The amendments are intended to address implementation issues that were
raised by stakeholders and provide additional practical expedients to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the new revenue
standard. These amendments have the same effective date as the new revenue standard. Preliminarily, we plan to adopt Topic 606
in the first quarter of our fiscal 2018 using the retrospective transition method, and are continuing to evaluate the impact our
pending adoption of Topic 606 will have on our consolidated financial statements. The Company’s current revenue recognition
policies are generally consistent with the new revenue recognition standards set forth in ASU 2014-09. Potential adjustments to
input measures are not expected to be pervasive to the majority of the Company’s contracts. While no significant impact
is expected upon adoption of the new guidance, the Company will not be able to make that determination until the time of adoption
based upon outstanding contracts at that time.
 
In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01, “Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business”.
The amendments in this ASU clarify the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with
evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. Basically these
amendments provide a screen to determine when a set is not a business. If the screen is not met, the amendments in this ASU first,
require that to be considered a business, a set must include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly
contribute to the ability to create output and second, remove the evaluation of whether a market participant could replace missing
elements. These amendments take effect for public businesses for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods
within those periods, and all other entities should apply these amendments for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company does not expect that the adoption of
this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
 
Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force) and the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future
financial statements. 
 


F-12
 

 
NOTE
2 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET
 
Property
and equipment, net consist of the following:
 


  
As of December 31, 2016  
As of December 31, 2015 

Cost: 
   
  

Leasehold improvement 
$133,640  
$142,967 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 440,376  
 471,110 

  
    
   

Total Cost: 
 574,016  
 614,077 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 (434,490) 
 (336,301)

  
    
   

Total: 
$139,526  
$277,776 

 
Depreciation
expense was $125,5671 and $120,468 for the period ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 
NOTE
3 - DEPOSIT, NON-CURRENT
 


  
As of December 31, 2016  
As of December 31, 2015 

  
    
   

Deposit for lease of the hotel building 
$22,538  
$21,138 

 
The
deposit is made to shareholder for the lease of the hotel building. The deposit is refundable upon the lease expiring on September
30, 2025.
 
The
long term deposits are not within the scope of the accounting guidance regarding interests on receivables and payables, because
they are intended to provide security for the counterparty to the office rental agreements. Therefore, the deposits are recorded
at costs. 
 
NOTE
4 - OTHER PAYABLE
 


  
As of December 31, 2016  
As of December 31, 2015 

Payroll Payable 
$171,515  
$117,590 

Rent Payable 
 241,976  
 69,167 

Audit Payable 
 37,125  
 - 

Deposit Payable 
 19,442  
 - 

Total: 
$470,058  
$186,757 

 

F-13
 

 
NOTE
5 - INCOME TAX PAYABLE 
 
United
States
 
Heyu
Leisure Holidays Corporation is incorporated in United States, and is subject to corporate income tax rate of 34%. As of December
31, 2016, the company has net operating losses of approximately $288,860 that begin expiring in 2032. The potential benefit of
the company’s net operating losses has not been recognised in these financial statements because the company cannot be assured
it is more likely-than-not it will utilize the net operating losses carried forward. 
 
Hong
Kong
 
Heyu
Capital Limited is subject to Hong Kong profit tax at a rate of 16.5% in 2015 and 2016. No Hong Kong profit tax has been provided
as the Group has not had assessable profit that was earned in or derived from Hong Kong during the period presented. As of December
31, 2016, HK entity has net operating losses of approximately $4,685,200. Valuation allowance has been fully provided since it
is more likely-than-not it will not utilize the net operating losses carried forward as it does not expect to generate sufficient
taxable income in future or the amount involved is not significant. 
 
China
 
Under
the Law of People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT Law”), which was effective from January
1, 2008, domestically-owned enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises are subject to a uniform tax rate of 25%. As of December
31, 2016, the PRC entities have net operating losses of approximately $1,763,988  that begin expiring in 2019. The potential
benefit of the company’s net operating losses has not been recognized in these financial statements because it is more likely-than-not
it will not utilize the net operating losses carried forward as it does not expect to generate sufficient taxable income in future
or the amount involved is not significant
 


  
December 31, 2016  
December 31, 2015 

Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities: 
   
  

Net operating loss carry forwards 
$1,312,267  
$1,085,288 

Valuation allowance 
 (1,312,267) 
 (1,085,288)

Net deferred tax assets 
$-  
$- 

 
The
Taxes payable was $40,563 and $38,505 as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 
 


  
As at December 31,  2016  
As at December 31,  2015 

Business tax payable 
$27,224  
 25,619 

Urban Construction tax payable 
 1,891  
 1,793 

Others 
 11,448  
 11,093 

  
    
   

Total 
$40,563  
$38,505 

 


F-14
 

 
NOTE
6 - COMMITMENT
 
Operating
lease commitment 
 
The
Group has entered into lease agreements for a leased hotel which it operates and for an office. Such lease is classified as
operating lease.
 
As
of December 31, 2016, the Company had only one leased hotel with the area of 3,000 square meters in operation, namely Wu JiaEr
Hotel, which is located at 4F, Lotus Building, No 194 Jiahe Road, Siming District, Xiamen, China. Under lease arrangement, the
company pays a quarterly rental rate of RMB 420,000 (approximately $67,740). The lease was signed October 1, 2013 for a term of
ten years and is set to expire September 30, 2025. As of reporting date, the Company is negotiating the termination of the lease
in connection with the cease of operation of Wu JiaEr Hotel.
 
The
Company leases an office in Danyuan 10, District C, Floor 6, Building 32, Shiding Road, Siming District, Xiamen City, Fujian Province.
The lease was commenced and used from July 13, 2016 and will expire on July 12, 2017. The monthly rent is RMB 21,000.0 0 (approximately
$3,160).
 
Future
minimum lease payments under non-cancellable lease agreement as follow:
 


Year: 
  

  
  

2017 
$275,952 

2018 
 256,636 

2019 
 263,051 

2020 
 282,299 

2021 and after 
 1,425,610 

  
$2,503,548 

 
Under
the lease arrangements, the Group pay rent on a quarterly basis.
 
NOTE
7 - LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 
 
Basic
loss per common share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted loss per common share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts
to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared
in the loss of the entity. As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there are no outstanding dilutive securities. 
 
NOTE
8 - GOING CONCERN 
 
The
Group has sustained operating losses of $6,738,047 since inception. The Group’s continuation as a going concern is dependent
on management’s ability to develop profitable operations, and / or obtain additional financing from its stockholders and
/ or other third parties. 
 
The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Group will continue as a going concern; however, the above
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Group’s ability to do so. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of
liabilities that may result should the Group be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
In
order to maintain its current level of operations, the Company will require additional working capital from either cash flow from
operations or from the sale of its equity. However, the Company currently has no commitments from any third parties for the purchase
of its equity. If the Company is unable to acquire additional working capital, it will be required to significantly reduce its
current level of operations.
 


F-15
 

 
NOTE
9 - STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY/(Deficit)
 
The
Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 
 
The
Company redeemed an aggregate of 20,000,000 of the then 20,000,000 shares of outstanding stock at a redemption price of $.0001
per share for an aggregate redemption price of $2,000.
 
James
Cassidy and James McKillop, both directors of the Company and the then president and vice president, respectively, resigned such
directorships and all offices of the Company. Neither Messrs. Cassidy nor McKillop retain any shares of the Company's common stock. 
 
Ban
SiongAng was named as Sole Director of the Company and serves as its Chief Executive Officer. On January 14, 2014, the Company
issued 1,000,000 shares of its common stock at par representing 100% of the then total outstanding 1,000,000 shares of common
stock. 
 
On
August 8, 2014, the Company issued additional 59,000,000 shares of its common stock at par value for an aggregated amount of $5,900
in cash. Accordingly, the total outstanding of common stock is 60,000,000 shares as at September 30, 2014. These securities cannot
be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by any investor to any other person or entity unless subsequently registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and under applicable law of the state or jurisdiction where sold, transferred or disposed
of, unless such sale, transfer or disposition shall qualify under an allowed exemption to such registration. 
 
Hung
Seng Tan is appointed as the Executive Director and Guan Chuan Tan is appointed as the Director of the Company during the period.
Ban SiongAng is appointed as Managing Director and serves as Chief Executive Officer subsequent to the appointment of new Directors
 
On
February 9, 2015, Heyu Leisure Holiday Corp. (“Heyu Leisure” or the “Company” or the “Registrant”)
merged with Heyu Capital Ltd (“Heyu Capital”), a corporation existing under the laws of Hong Kong (Special Administrative
Region of the PRC). Pursuant to the merger, the Company acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Heyu Capital through
the issuance of common shares of the Company to the shareholders of Heyu Capital. 
 
As
a result of the Merger and pursuant to the Resolution, Heyu Capital has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the
Company issued shares of its common stock to shareholders of Heyu Capital at a rate of 1,000 shares of the Registrant’s
common stock for all Heyu Capital common share. Immediately prior to the Merger, the Registrant had 60,000,000 shares of common
stock outstanding. 
 
Following
the Merger, the Company has 60,001,000 shares of common stock outstanding after the share exchange and the issuance of 1,000 common
shares to the shareholder of Heyu Capital.
 
NOTE
10 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 
Parties
are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant
influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they
are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities. Those
related parties are controlled by Ang Ban Siong and who is served as the Director of the companies.
 
Amount
due from related parties are related to the advances to stockholder/ related companies as $23,886 and $194,322 respectively for
December 31 2016 and 2015. These receivables are interest free, due on demand and without collateral.
 
Amount
due to a related party is comprised of the advances from the stockholder/ related companies for working capital of group as of
$1,257,961 and $1,192,387 respectively for December 31 2016 and 2015. These receivables are interest free, due on demand and without
collateral.
 
NOTE
11 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
Management
has evaluated subsequent events through May 26, 2017, the date which the financial statements were available to be issued. All
subsequent events requiring recognition as of December 31, 2016 have been incorporated into these financial statements and there
are no subsequent events that require disclosure in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855, Subsequent Events.
 
 
F-16

 
 





Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp Latest filings

Filing dateCompanyFormQuarterYear
 2017-05-30Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp10-K22017view 2017-05-01Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp8-K22017view 2017-03-31Heyu Leisure Holidays CorpNT 10-K12017view 2016-12-21Heyu Leisure Holidays CorpEFFECT42016view 2016-12-15Heyu Leisure Holidays CorpS-1/A42016view 2016-11-22Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp10-Q42016view 2016-11-15Heyu Leisure Holidays CorpNT 10-Q42016view 2016-11-09Heyu Leisure Holidays CorpS-1/A42016view 2016-10-03Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp10-Q42016view 2016-09-06Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp10-Q32016view














View Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp Annual report 2/2017 SEC Filing for free. A 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year. 











Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP 10-Q Date: 11/22/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 2054

FORM
10-Q

 

(Mark
One)

 




 



x



QUARTERLY
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934




 

For the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016

 

OR

 




 



¨



TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934




 

For the
transition period
from        to

 

Commission
file
number              000-55068

 

 




HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION





(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)




 

  




 Delaware



46-3601223





(State or
other jurisdiction of



(I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.)





incorporation
or organization)



 




 

Westwood
Business Center

611 South
Main Street

Grapevine,
Texas 76051

(Address
of principal executive offices) (zip code) 

(+86)592
504 9622

(Registrant's
telephone number, including area code)

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.

Yes  
x
    No  
¨

 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated
filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

 





Large
accelerated filer  ¨



Accelerated
Filer  ¨





Non-accelerated
filer  ¨



Smaller
reporting company  x





(do not
check if a smaller reporting company)



 




 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes  
x
     No  
¨

 

 Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of
stock, as of the latest practicable date.

 





Class



 
Outstanding at November 21, 2016  





 



 





Common
Stock, par value $0.0001



 
  60,001,000  





 



 





Documents
incorporated by reference:



 
  None  




 

 

 


 

 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

For the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016

 




 



Page





FINANCIAL
INFORMATION



 





 



 





Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30,
2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015



3





 



 





Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015 (unaudited)



4





 



 





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  and September 30,
2015 (unaudited)



5





 



 





Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)



6 -
17




 

 2 
  

 

  
 


  HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

 

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets

 




 



 



September
30,



 



 



December
31,



 





 



 



2016



 



 



2015



 





 



 



(Unaudited)



 



 



 



 





ASSETS



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Current
assets



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash



 



$



2,135



 



 



$



2,762



 





Account
receivable, net



 



 



 



 



 



 



9,388



 





Prepayment



 



 



 



 



 



 



801



 





Inventory



 



 



74



 



 



 



1,429



 





Amount due
from related parties



 



 



24,171



 



 



 



194,322



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



26,380



 



 



 



208,702



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Other
assets



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Deposit,
non-current



 



 



23,462



 



 



 



21,138



 





Prepayment



 



 



343



 



 



 



669



 





Property
and leasehold improvement, net



 



 



199,106



 



 



 



277,776



 





Intangible
asset



 



 



4,482



 



 



 



5,210



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



227,393



 



 



 



304,793



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
assets



 



 



253,773



 



 



 



513,495



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Current
liabilities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Account
payable



 



 



21,686



 



 



 



13,297



 





Amount due
to related parties



 



 



1,212,336



 



 



 



1,192,387



 





Other
payables and accruals



 



 



355,353



 



 



 



186,757



 





Tax
payable



 



 



42,601



 



 



 



38,505



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
liabilities



 



 



1,631,976



 



 



 



1,430,946



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Stockholders'
deficit



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Preferred
stock, $0.0001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized; none issued
and outstanding Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares
authorized; 60,001,000 and 60,000,000 shares issued and outstanding
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively.



 



 



6,000



 



 



 



6,000



 





Additional
paid-in capital



 



 



5,098,747



 



 



 



5,098,747



 





Accumulated
deficit



 



 



(6,506,252



)



 



 



(6,039,956



)





Accumulated
other comprehensive income



 



 



23,302



 



 



 



17,758



 





Total
stockholders' deficit



 



 



(1,378,203



)



 



 



(917,451



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
liabilities and stockholders' Deficit



 



$



253,773



 



 



$



513,495



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated unaudited financial statements

 

 3 
  

 

  


  HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations

(Unaudited)

 




 



 



For
Three
Months Ended



 



 



For
Nine 
Months Ended



 





 



 



September,
30
2016



 



 



September,
30
2015



 



 



September,
30
2016



 



 



September,
30
2015



 





Revenue



 



$



46,978



 



 



$



109,165



 



 



$



106,247



 



 



$



254,034



 





Cost of
revenue



 



 



69,660



 



 



 



141,703



 



 



 



253,457



 



 



 



391,774



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Gross
Loss



 



 



(22,682



)



 



 



(32,538



)



 



 



(147,210



)



 



 



(137,740



)





Operating
costs and expenses:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Selling
expenses



 



 



99



 



 



 



3,688



 



 



 



909



 



 



 



6,911



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Operating
expenses



 



 



96,851



 



 



 



226,541



 



 



 



317,559



 



 



 



741,428



 





Finance
expenses



 



 



181



 



 



 



716



 



 



 



618



 



 



 



731



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Loss
before income taxes



 



 



(119,813



)



 



 



(263,483



)



 



 



(466,296



)



 



 



(886,810



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Income
tax



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
loss



 



 



(119,813



)



 



 



(263,483



)



 



 



(466,296



)



 



 



(886,810



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Other
comprehensive income



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Foreign
currency translation adjustments



 



 



1,341



 



 



 



(5,065



)



 



 



5,544



 



 



 



7,561



 





Comprehensive
income (loss)



 



$



(118,472



)



 



$



(268,548



)



 



$



(460,752



)



 



$



(879,249



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Loss per
share-basic and diluted



 



$



(0.00



)



 



$



(0.01



)



 



$



(0.01



)



 



$



(0.01



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Weighted
average shares-basic and diluted



 



 



60,001,000



 



 



 



60,001,000



 



 



 



60,001,000



 



 



 



60,001,000



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
unaudited consolidated financial statements

 

 4 
  

 

  


  HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

(Unaudited)

 

 




 



 



For nine
months
ended
September 30, 2016



 



 



For nine
months
ended
September 30, 2015



 





Cash flow
from operating activities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
loss



 



$



(466,296



)



 



$



(886,810



)





Adjustment
to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Depreciation
and amortization



 



 



72,779



 



 



 



104,341



 





Changes in
operating assets and liabilities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Account
receivable



 



 



9,263



 



 



 



(6,910



)





Inventory



 



 



1,335



 



 



 



348



 





Deposit



 



 



(2,934



)



 



 



-



 





Prepaid
expense and prepaid rent



 



 



1,103



 



 



 



46,721



 





Account
payable



 



 



8,870



 



 



 



(22,826



)





Other
payables



 



 



140,029



 



 



 



47,285



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net cash
used in operating activities



 



 



(235,851



)



 



 



(717,851



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash flow
from investing activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Disposal
of leasehold improvement



 



 



-



 



 



 



1,688



 





Purchase
of property and equipment



 



 



-



 



 



 



(7,545



)





Amount due
from  related parties



 



 



242,917



 



 



 



(84,462



)





Net cash
provided by (used in) investing activities



 



 



242,917



 



 



 



(90,319



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash flows
from financing activities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Amount due
to a related party



 



 



(7,675



)



 



 



750,339



 





Net cash
flows provided by (used in) financing activities



 



 



(7,675



)



 



 



750,339



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Effect of
exchange rate changes on cash



 



 



(18



)



 



 



(427



)





Net
increase/(decrease) in cash



 



 



(627



)



 



 



(58,258



)





Cash at
the beginning of the period



 



 



2,762



 



 



 



61,654



 





Cash at
the end of the period



 



$



2,135



 



 



$



3,396



 




 

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated unaudited financial statements

 

 5 
  

 

  

  HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)

 

NOTE 1
NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES

 

NATURE OF
OPERATIONS

 

Heyu
Leisure Holidays Corporation ("Heyu Leisure" or "the Group") was
incorporated on July 9, 2013 under the laws of the state of
Delaware.

 

On
February 9, 2015, Heyu Leisure Holiday Corp. (“Heyu
Leisure” or the “Group” or the
“Registrant”) merged with Heyu Capital Ltd (“Heyu
Capital”), a corporation existing under the laws of Hong Kong
(Special Administrative Region of the PRC). Pursuant to the merger,
the Registrant acquired all of the outstanding common shares of
Heyu Capital through the issuance of common shares of the
Registrant to the shareholders of Heyu Capital.

 

As a
result of the Merger and pursuant to the Resolution, Heyu Capital
has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant and the
Registrant issued shares of its common stock to shareholders of
Heyu Capital at a rate of 1,000 shares of the Registrant’s
common stock for all Heyu Capital common share. Immediately prior
to the Merger, the Registrant had 60,000,000 shares of common stock
outstanding.

 

Following
the Merger, the Registrant has 60,001,000 shares of common stock
outstanding after the share exchange and the issuance of 1,000
common shares to the shareholder of Heyu Capital.

 

 

The
transaction has been accounted for as a business combination under
a method similar to the pooling-of-interest method
("Pooling-of-Interest") as the Registrant and Heyu Capital are both
under common control with by our majority shareholder. In
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) 805-50-25, it indicated that the financial
statements of the receiving entity shall report results of
operations for the period in which the transfer occurs as though
the transfer of net assets or exchange of equity interests had
occurred at the beginning of the period. Results of operations for
that period will thus comprise those of the previously separate
entities combined from the beginning of the period to the date the
transfer is completed and those of the combined operations from
that date to the end of the period. Further in 805-50-45-5,
indicated that the financial statements and financial information
presented for prior years also shall be retrospectively adjusted to
furnish comparative information. All adjusted financial statements
and financial summaries shall indicate clearly that financial data
of previously separate entities are combined.

 

 

 6 
  

 

 

HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)

 

The
operating entity- Wujiaer Hotel Co., Ltd (“Wujiaer”)
has been acquired via Xiamen Heyu Hotel Management Co
(“Xiamen Heyu”) on January 25, 2014. As a result of the
acquisition, Xiamen Heyu has become its immediate holding company,
Heyu Capital becomes its intermediate holding company and the
Registrant has become an ultimate holding company of
Wujiaer.

 

In
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) 805, Business Combinations, We evaluate each
investment in a business to determine if we should account for the
investment as a cost-basis investment, an equity investment, a
business combination or a common control transaction. An investment
in which we do not have a controlling interest and which we are not
the primary beneficiary but where we have the ability to exert
significant influence is accounted for under the equity method of
accounting. For those investments that we account for in accordance
ASC 805, Business Combinations, we record the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at our estimate of their fair values on the
date of the business combination. Our assessment of the estimated
fair value of each of these can have a material effect on our
reported results as intangible assets are amortized over various
lives. Furthermore, a change in the estimated fair value of an
asset or liability often has a direct impact on the amount to
recognize as goodwill, which is not amortized. Often determining
the fair value of these assets and liabilities assumed requires an
assessment of the expected use of the asset, the expected cost to
extinguish a liability or our expectations related to the timing
and the successful completion of the integration of the business.
Such estimates are inherently difficult and subjective and can have
a material impact on our financial statements.

 

ORGANIZATIONAL
STRUCTURE

 

The
following diagram illustrates our corporate and ownership
structure, the place of formation and the ownership interests of
our subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 after the
acquisition.

 

 

 
   

 

BASIS OF
PRESENTATION

 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") for interim financial
information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and notes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial
statements. The accompanying unaudited financial statements include
all adjustments, composed of normal recurring adjustments,
considered necessary by management to fairly state our results of
operations, financial position and cash flows. The operating
results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of
results that may be expected for any other interim period or for
the full year. These unaudited financial statements should be read
in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto
included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC.

 

 7 
  

 

  

HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)

 

BASIS OF
CONSOLIDATION

 

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements
of our company and its subsidiaries. All significant transactions
and balances between our company and its subsidiaries have been
eliminated upon consolidation.

 

A
subsidiary is an entity in which our company, directly or
indirectly, controls more than one half of the voting power, has
the power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the
board of directors, and has the power to cast a majority of votes
at meetings of the board of directors or to govern the financial
and operating policies of the investee under a statute or agreement
among the shareholders or equity holders.

 

ASC 810
“Consolidation”, which provides guidance on the
identification of and financial reporting for entities over which
control is achieved through means other than voting interests,
requires certain variable interest entities to be consolidated by
the primary beneficiary of the entity.

 

The Group
evaluates our business relationships such as those with franchisees
to identify potential variable interest entities. Generally, these
businesses qualify for the business scope exception under the
consolidation guidance. Therefore, we have concluded that
consolidation of any such entities is not appropriate for the
periods.

 

BUSINESS
COMBINATIONS

 

U.S. GAAP
requires that business combinations be accounted for under the
acquisition purchase method. From January 1, 2009, the
Group adopted ASC 805 “Business Combinations”.
Following this adoption, the cost of an acquisition is measured as
the aggregate of the fair values at the date of exchange of the
assets given, liabilities incurred, and equity instruments issued.
The costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed as
incurred. Identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
liabilities acquired or assumed are measured separately at their
fair value as of the acquisition date, irrespective of the extent
of any non-controlling interests. The excess of (i) the total
of cost of acquisition, the fair value of the non-controlling
interests and the acquisition date fair value of any previously
held equity interest in the acquired over (ii) the fair value
of the identifiable net assets of the acquired is recorded as
goodwill. If the cost of acquisition is less than the fair value of
the net assets of the entity acquired, the difference is recognized
directly in the statements of operations. 

 

The
determination and allocation of fair values to the identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on various
assumptions and valuation methodologies requiring considerable
management judgment. The most significant variables in these
valuations are discount rates, terminal values, the number of years
on which to base the cash flow projections and the assumptions and
estimates used to determine the cash inflows and outflows.
Management determines discount rates to be used based on the risk
inherent in the related activity’s current business model and
industry comparisons. Terminal values are based on the expected
life of assets and forecasted life cycle and forecasted cash flows
over that period. Although the Group believe that the assumptions
applied in the determinations that the Group have made are
reasonable based on information available at the date of
acquisition, actual results may differ from the forecasted amounts
and the difference could be material.

 

USE OF
ESTIMATES

 

The
preparation of unaudited consolidated financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

 

REVENUE
RECOGNITION

 

Revenue
from leased hotel is derived from hotel operations, mainly
including the rental of rooms, food and beverages sales from leased
hotels. Revenue is recognized when rooms are occupied and food and
beverage are sold. Persuasive evidence of an arrangement, fixed
price, and service delivered and collection reasonably
assured.

 

 8 
  

 

  

HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)

 

ACCOUNT
RECEIVABLE, NET

 

Accounts
receivables mainly consist of amounts due from corporate customers,
travel agents, hotel guests and credit card receivables, which are
recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less an
allowance for doubtful accounts. The Group establishes an allowance
for doubtful accounts primarily based on the age of the receivables
and factors surrounding the credit risk of specific
customers.

 

INVENTORIES

 

Inventories
mainly consist of food and beverages, small appliances, bedding and
daily consumables. Small appliances, bedding and daily consumables
replacement are expensed when used.

 

PROPERTY
AND LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS, NET

 

Property
and leasehold improvements, net are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation and amortization. The renovations, betterments and
related expenses incurred during the construction are capitalized.
Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment is provided
using the straight line method over their expected useful lives.
The expected useful lives are as follows:

 




Leasehold
improvements



5-10
years





Furniture,
fixtures and equipment



3-5
years




 

Construction
in progress represents leasehold improvements under construction or
being installed and is stated at cost. Cost comprises original cost
of property and equipment, installation, construction and other
direct costs. Construction in progress is transferred to leasehold
improvements and depreciation commences when the asset is ready for
its intended use. The useful live for leasehold improvement is
shorter of the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives of
the assets.

 

IMPAIRMENT
OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS

 

The Group
evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the Group
measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets
to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the
use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the
expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount
of the assets, the Group recognizes an impairment loss equal to the
difference between the carrying amount and fair value of these
assets. There is no impairment as of September 30,
2016. 

 

 9 
  

 

  

HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)

 

BUSINESS
TAX AND RELATED TAXES

 

The Group
is subject to business tax, education surtax and urban maintenance
and construction tax on the services provided in the PRC. Such
taxes are primarily levied based on revenue at applicable rates and
are recorded as a reduction of revenue.

 

INCOME
TAX

 

The Group
has implemented certain provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes
(“ASC 740”), which clarifies the accounting and
disclosure for uncertain tax positions, as defined. ASC 740 seeks
to reduce the diversity in practice associated with certain aspects
of the recognition and measurement related to accounting for income
taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Valuation
allowances are established when it is more likely than not that
some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The
Group adopted the provisions of ASC 740 and have analyzed filing
positions in each PRC jurisdictions where we are required to file
income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these
jurisdictions. The Group has identified the PRC as our
“major” tax jurisdiction. Generally, the Group remains
subject to PRC examination of our income tax returns
annually.

 

The Group
believes that our income tax positions and deductions will be
sustained by an audit and do not anticipate any adjustments that
will result in a material change to our financial position.
Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been
recorded pursuant to ASC 740. In addition, the Group did not record
a cumulative effect adjustment, related to the adoption of ASC 740.
Our policy for recording interest and penalties associated with
income-based tax audits is to record such items as a component of
income taxes.

 

INTANGIBLE
ASSETS

 

Intangible
assets with definite useful lives, representing software, are
amortized over their estimated useful lives of 5 years using the
straight-line method, which represents the economic benefit pattern
of the intangible assets.

 

LEASE

 

A lease of
which substantially all the benefits and risks incidental to
ownership remain with the lessor is classified as an operating
lease. The Group is currently classified it as operating
lease.

 

CONCENTRATION
OF RISK

 

Financial
instruments that potentially expose the Group to concentrations of
credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts receivable.
The Group places its cash with high quality banking institutions.
The Group didn’t have cash balances in excess of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation limit as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 respectively. And the Group periodically
evaluates the creditworthiness of the existing customers in
determining an allowance for doubtful accounts primarily based upon
the age of the receivables and factors surrounding the credit risk
of specific customers.

 

FAIR
VALUE

 

The Group
follows guidance for accounting for fair value measurements of
financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair value
measurements of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed
at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. The
guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the
inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The
hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1
measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements involving
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three
levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:

 

 

 10 
  

 

 

HEYU
LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION

Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)

 

Level 1
inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities that the Group has the ability to
access at the measurement date.

 

Level 2
inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1
that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
indirectly.

 

Level 3
inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or
liability.

 

The Group
monitors the market conditions and evaluates the fair value
hierarchy levels at least quarterly. For any transfers in and out
of the levels of the fair value hierarchy, the Group elects to
disclose the fair value measurement at the beginning of the
reporting period during which the transfer occurred.

 

FOREIGN
CURRENCY TRANSLATION

 

The
functional and reporting currency of the Company is the United
States dollar ("U.S. dollar"). The financial records of the Company
located in the Hong Kong and PRC are maintained in their local
currency, the Renminbi ("RMB") and Hong Kong Dollar
(“HKD”), which are the functional currency of these
entities.

 

Monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the
functional currency are translated into the functional currency at
the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Revenues,
expenses, gains and losses are translated using the average rate
for the year. Retained earnings and equity are translated using the
historical rate. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative
translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of
other comprehensive income.

 

COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS

 

Comprehensive
loss is defined to include all changes in equity except those
resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
Among other disclosures, ASC 220, Comprehensive Income requires
that all items are required to be recognized under current
accounting standards as components of comprehensive loss are
reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
prominence as other financial statements. For the periods
presented, the Group’s comprehensive loss includes net loss
and foreign currency translation adjustments and is presented in
the statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

 

CONCENTRATION
OF RISK

 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of credit risk consist principally of cash. The Company places its
cash with high quality banking institutions. The Company did not
have cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation limit as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
respectively.

 

 11 
  

 

  

HEYU


 








 























HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP


Company Address
NO. 56 HALAMAN BUKIT GAMBIR 9SUNWAY BUKIT GAMBIER11700 GELUGOR, PENANG 11700


Company Phone
6012470-5688


Company Website
www.heyulh.com


CEO
Ban Siong Ang


Employees  (as of 12/15/2016) 
26


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (2/9/2015)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$1.50


Shares Offered
10,999,097


Offer Amount
$16,498,646.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
10,999,097


Shares Outstanding
60,001,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001586573




The Registrant will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the Selling 
Shareholder Shares.


The hotel industry is highly competitive. Many hotel enterprises expand rapidly
around China and consistently seize market share of hotel consumption with
unified service, unified management and unified brand, which continuously
decreases the market share of the small and medium sized hotel. However, the
Registrant sees hotel branding as a new and untapped opportunity in China. The
Registrant projects that only 15% of hotels and lodging accommodations in China
are affiliated with a brand.


Company Description
The Registrant specializes in managing and operating hotel chains in China via
selected mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures, with a focus on providing a
full range of services to its hotels and amenities to their guests. 

The Registrant plans to establish hotel chains synonymous with in-house


 leisure,
and to meet the needs of business and recreational travelers alike. To achieve
this goal, the Registrant intends to be among the first budget hotels in the
world to offer a wide variety of mobile office options in each of its hotels,
including conference facilities, audio/video equipment, Internet access and
staff that can help plan and conduct guests’ meetings. 

The Registrant also plans to offer select complimentary beverages and other
services to hotel guests. The Registrant will also offer memberships for Heyu
Hotel leisure clubs. Club members will be entitled to complimentary drinks, food
and other services when they visit club facilities.
---

The Registrant is located at Westwood Business Center 611 South Main Street
Grapevine, Texas 76051. The Registrant’s main phone number is (+86) 592 504
9622. Our website: www.heyulh.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$106,247


Net Income
-$466,296


Total Assets
$253,773






Total Liabilities
$1,631,976


Stockholders' Equity
-$1,378,203




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 7 Total: 7
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP
S-1/A
12/15/2016
Filing



HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP
S-1/A
11/9/2016
Filing



HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP
S-1/A
2/11/2016
Filing



HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP
S-1/A
12/28/2015
Filing



HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP
S-1/A
10/6/2015
Filing



HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP
S-1/A
7/20/2015
Filing



HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORP
S-1
2/9/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Anton & Chia, LLP


Company Counsel
Cassidy and Associates


Transfer Agent
Globex Transfer LLC


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































