










 





HgCapital - Wikipedia





















 






HgCapital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article may rely excessively on sources too closely associated with the subject, potentially preventing the article from being verifiable and neutral. Please help improve it by replacing them with more appropriate citations to reliable, independent, third-party sources. (May 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



HgCapital





Type

Private limited company


Industry
Private equity


Predecessor
Mercury Private Equity


Founded
2000; 17 years ago (2000)


Founders
Partnership


Headquarters
London, United Kingdom and Munich, Germany


Products
Private equity funds, Leveraged buyout


Total assets
$8.7 billion USD[1]



Number of employees

> 100


Website
www.hgcapital.com


HgCapital is a private equity firm with a deep sector focus primarily targeting middle-market buyouts with enterprise values of between £50 million and £500 million across the technology, media and telecommunications (TMT), services, and industrials sectors, lower mid-market buyouts in the TMT sector between £20 million and £80 million and renewable energy infrastructure projects using proven technologies. This market offers a high volume of companies with proven financial performance and defensible market positions.
References[edit]



^ [1]



External links[edit]

Official website
Company overview on Businessweek
HgCapital Trust plc website







v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=HgCapital&oldid=779560755"					
Categories: Private equity firms of the United KingdomFinancial services companies based in LondonFinancial services companies established in 20002000 establishments in England2000 establishments in the United KingdomHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from May 2012All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Italiano 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 9 May 2017, at 16:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P. - Free Company Check































UK COMPANIES LISTFind, check and analyze companies data









Find company: 



















0DOCs






Number of documents in the cart:

0



Price of documents:

£ 0.00
































checkout




Empty cart
















watch this company




Free company watchdog service



Enter your email:









    							Track all the changes in the company HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P. for free.
    							You will learn immediately about the appointment and dismissal of directors,
    							about the new company documents, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Company.
    							Watchdog service can be cancelled any time.
    						







HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P.

		Learn more about HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P..
        Check the company's details for free and view the Companies House information, company documents and list of directors.
	

UK
					 - England
					 - Greater London
					 - Southwark
					 - Riverside
					 - Riverside - SE1 2






Info
Accounts
Returns
Mortgages
Company documents
Company directors and board members









Company details 


					2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP

									

HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P. on the map
 












Company type: Limited Partnership 
Company number: LP017395 
Company status: Active 


				country of origin: United Kingdom 

									incorporation date: 2016.05.03
																has UK establishment:  No   
				has appointments:  No   

				in liquidation:  No  















Accounts:


																								overdue: NO 
																account category: NO ACCOUNTS FILED 
								documents available: 1 















Returns:


																overdue: NO 
																documents available: 1 




















List of company documents:





buy all documents

                        Find out more information about HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P.. Our website makes it possible to view other available documents related to HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P..
                        You have at your disposal scanned copies of official documents submitted by the company at Companies House. These documents may
                        contain Accounts, Annual Returns, Director appointments, Director resignations, administration and liquidation events,
                        registered office changes, strike off actions, charges and more.
                    



Order cannot be placed (digitalisation planned)

1 GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED, 1 LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED AND THE TOTAL AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED IS 100 GBP. GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED:HGCAPITAL INITIAL GP LIMITED. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:HG INCORPORATIONS LIMITED. 
Form type: LP5 Date: 2016.05.03 Document being scanned Child documents:

Document type: ANNOTATION
Date: 2016.05.03
Form type: CERT12
Document description: LIMITED PARTNERSHIP







Know about every new company document that is added!
                    Take advantage of our watch this company feature free of charge and have notifications sent directly to your inbox.
                    Whenever a new document appears on this website, or if their particulars change, you will be immediately
                    informed about such changes. To monitor these changes, all you need to do is click on watch this company.
                





















Companies near to HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P.


MONTAGU IV SEBIA CO-INVEST LP - 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

SHARKEY ASSOCIATES LIMITED - 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

LAYTONS LIMITED - 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

ULSTER & LONDON VENTURES LIMITED - 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

SEXTANS PROPERTIES LIMITED - FIFTH FLOOR, 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

ASHPALM LIMITED - 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

MANA PREMIERE AUTOMOBILES LIMITED - EARNT & YOUNG LLP, 1 MORE LONDON PLACE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

SNAGSBY LLP - 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

FUSION ULTRASOUND LIMITED - 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SE1 2AP
			

CENTURION PARENT LIMITED - 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SE1 2AP
			

RUSH BROTHERS LIMITED - 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

VALENCY DRIVE RESIDENTS COMPANY LIMITED - FIFTH FLOOR, 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

CRESTON TRUST,LIMITED - FLOOR 5, 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			

PARI MUTUEL MONDIAL LIMITED - 2 MORE LONDON RIVERSIDE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SE1 2AP
			

UYT LIMITED - 1 MORE LONDON PLACE, LONDON, SE1 2AP
			




    Information about the Limited Partnership HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P. has been prepared for information purposes only. It is not intended to be nor does it constitute legal advice. This is public information provided by the official company register.



	Date of last update: 2016.05.04.
			
			Reload the data



























	        		        	© companies list, companieslist.co.uk provides public information about business subjects in the UK
					
					
					
					
					
				
disclamer |
					listing policy |
					contact |
					FAQ















HgCapital announces an investment in Esendex | HgCapital

































Skip to main content









 


HgCapital



Sector expert investors supporting management to grow industry champions
Contact us

 



Search form
Search 















 




      	        19-06-2017: HgCapital announces an investment in Esendex      









19 June 2017: HgCapital has today announced an investment in Esendex, a leading provider of mission-critical business messaging services across Europe. The investment is being made from HgCapital’s Mercury Fund which focuses on growth buyouts in the technology sector across Europe. This represents a further investment into the Technology Infrastructure cluster. The terms of this transaction were not disclosed.
Founded in 2001, Esendex provides a broad portfolio of high value business critical application-to-person messaging solutions to SMEs and corporate customers. Esendex’s product portfolio includes SMS, voice, email, payment and IP-based products which are delivered over rich APIs and web applications. Over 13,000 businesses in the UK, France, Spain, Ireland, Germany and Australia rely on its services to communicate with their customers and staff. Esendex employs over 140 people across its international offices. Esendex was acquired by Darwin Private Equity in July 2013.
Esendex recently acquired SMSpubli, a leading supplier of business messaging services in Spain, to further strengthen its position in this fast-growing market.
On completion of the transaction, Esendex and SMSpubli will combine with Mobyt SpA and SMSenvoi, existing HgCapital portfolio companies, which provide similar business messaging solutions in Italy and France.
The combined group will generate more than €75 million of revenue across its wide portfolio of brands and territories. The group will be led by existing Esendex CEO, Geoff Love, and HgCapital intends to back the group to further consolidate this fast-growing sector across Europe.
Esendex demonstrates many of the business model characteristics that HgCapital looks for, including: a high proportion of recurring revenues from serving a large fragmented base of SMEs, delivering an operationally critical service and the opportunity to back a strong management team.
David Issott, a Partner in the HgCapital Mercury team, said. “We are delighted to be partnering with Geoff Love, as well as the entire management team and staff at Esendex, Mobyt, SMSpubli and SMSEnvoi.com for the next phase of their journey. We are very excited to be backing this opportunity to create a leading European champion in business messaging. We will immediately look to invest further behind the group to accelerate its growth, both organically and through further acquisitions, and we will also seek to intensify the pace of technology and product development to support the group’s customers in their deployment of high value mission critical use cases.”
Geoff Love, CEO of Esendex, commented: “This is an exciting time for mobile business messaging and the combination of these four strong businesses creates a European heavyweight in application-to-person communications.  With around 200 staff and 25,000 customers, sending some 2 billion messages a year, we are extremely well-positioned to take this fast-growing industry forward. With HgCapital’s backing for further acquisitions, as well as continuing strong organic growth, we look forward to helping even more businesses transform their communications with their customers and staff.”
-End-
For further details:
HgCapital
Laura Dixon
+44 (0)20 7089 7888
Maitland
Tom Eckersley
+44 (0)20 7379 5151
About HgCapital
HgCapital is a sector expert private equity investor, supporting management teams to grow industry champions. Deeply resourced sector teams focus on specific sub-sectors and investment themes to identify companies occupying an established position within a niche, and which have the potential to grow faster than their market, create employment and become the leader in their industry. HgCapital’s dedicated portfolio management team provides practical support to management teams to help them realise their growth ambitions. HgCapital invests in expanding segments of the TMT, Services and Industrials sectors across Western Europe. Based in London and Munich, HgCapital manages more than £8 billion for some of the world’s leading institutional and private investors. For further details, please see www.hgcapital.com
Neither the contents of HgCapital’s, Esendex’s Mobyt’s, SMSEnvoi.com’s, SMSpubli’s or Darwin Private Equity’s websites nor the contents of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the websites (or any other website) is incorporated into, or forms part of, this announcement.



Back to News 


 









Investments


  
 Esendex 

 Evaluate 

 fundinfo 
 

More investments





Case studies



  
 German HR software provider, P&I, flourished during its partnership with HgCapital.  


More Case studies




View all case studies
View all news
View all investments















HgCapital announces investment in Ullink – Company Announcement - FT.com















FT Markets Data








HgCapital Trust PLCHgCapital announces investment in UllinkMar 04 2014 07:00 GMTSource: RNS



RNS Number : 4156B HgCapital Trust PLC 04 March 2014  
﻿

 
 
 
4 March 2014
 
 
HgCapital, the Manager of HgCapital Trust plc, has agreed the acquisition of Ullink SAS ("Ullink"), a leading global provider of electronic trading applications and connectivity to the financial community.
 
HgCapital Trust plc will participate in the acquisition of Ullink alongside other institutional clients of HgCapital, who will participate through the HgCapital 7 fund. The Trust, whose shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange, gives private and institutional investors the opportunity to participate in all HgCapital's investments. The Trust will contribute a total of approximately £7.7million. 
 
Based on the 30 November 2013 reported NAV (and after adjusting for the impact of all reported transactions since 30th November) the Trust's liquid resources available for future deployment are estimated to be £78 million (18% of the 30 November 2013 adjusted NAV). The transaction will reduce the Trust's outstanding commitments to invest in HgCapital deals to approximately £247 million.
 
 
HgCapital announces investment in Ullink
 
HgCapital, the European sector-focused private equity investor, has made a majority investment in Ullink, a leading global provider of electronic trading applications and connectivity to the financial community. The total consideration is not disclosed. 
 
Founded in 2001 by the current CEO, Laurent Useldinger, Ullink has grown quickly to become a global provider of multi-asset trading technology and infrastructure for buy-side and sell-side market participants.  Headquartered in France, Ullink's clients include over 150 of the world's top-tier banks serviced from offices in New York, London, Paris, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Singapore, São Paulo, Cluj and Sydney. This represents a large international market with around 90% of all revenues coming from outside France.
 
The investment in Ullink is in line with HgCapital's proven sector-focused approach of investing in leading global providers of vertical market application software. Ullink shares the core characteristics that HgCapital looks for: it provides an excellent platform for growth with a subscription revenue model across a diversified client base. Ullink also boasts an outstanding management team and a proven commitment to innovation through its high investment in new product development. 
 
HgCapital will work closely with the management team to help the business accelerate its high rate of organic growth through further investment across the business to ensure Ullink continues to innovate and provide the best products in the market. HgCapital is investing alongside Laurent Useldinger and the current management team who will continue to lead the business on to its next phase of development. 
 
Ullink is the fifth investment by HgCapital funds in the European software sector in the past year alone, following the acquisitions of Relay Software, P&I, e-conomic and Intelliflo. 
 
Jonathan Boyes, Director of HgCapital's TMT Team commented: 
"We are delighted to be working with Laurent and his talented team. We have been researching front office trading systems for several years and have tracked the excellent progress that Ullink has made in establishing themselves as a genuine global player. We see real potential to grow Ullink's business internationally and further enhance its product offering."
 
Nic Humphries, CEO of HgCapital commented:
"Since its founding in 2001, Ullink has consistently achieved strong organic growth rates with a subscription revenue model. The company has a deserved reputation as a highly innovative business, with very strong technology and client service. We look forward to working with Ullink's exceptional management team to continue to capitalise on the firm's position and grow it into an industry champion."
 
Laurent Useldinger, CEO and Founder of Ullink commented:
"This is an exciting time for Ullink and our staff. In HgCapital we have found a partner who is thoroughly aligned with our goals and has the capital resources, knowledge and experience to help us to build our business even further. HgCapital has the leading franchise for software investment in Europe over the last 15 years and a strong track record of supporting businesses like Ullink grow into a much larger, more successful businesses. I believe our partnership will be of great benefit to our clients around the world as we continue to enhance the user experience and expand our offering." 
 
Ullink was advised on the transaction by Arma Partners.
 
 
 
- Ends -
 
For further details:
HgCapital
Stephen Bough             +44 (0)20 7089 7888
 
Maitland 
Peter Ogden                 +44 (0)20 7379 5151
Tom Eckersley              +44 (0)20 7379 5151
 
 
About HgCapital Trust plc
 
HgCapital Trust plc is an investment trust whose shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (ticker: HGT.L). The Trust is a client of HgCapital, giving investors exposure to a portfolio of high-growth private companies, through a liquid vehicle. New investments and existing portfolio companies are managed by HgCapital, an experienced and well-resourced private equity firm with a long-term track record of delivering superior risk-adjusted returns for its investors. For further details, please see www.hgcapitaltrust.com.
 
 
Neither the contents of HgCapital's, HgCapital Trust's nor Ullink's websites nor the contents of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the websites (or any other website) is incorporated into, or forms part of, this announcement.

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  MSCJJMPTMBJMBBI

		 

















 










HgCapital announces investment in Evaluate | HgCapital

































Skip to main content









 


HgCapital



Sector expert investors supporting management to grow industry champions
Contact us

 



Search form
Search 















 




      	        08-11-2016: HgCapital announces investment in Evaluate      









8 November 2016: HgCapital has today announced an investment in Evaluate Group (“Evaluate”), a London-headquartered provider of commercial intelligence to the global life sciences industry. The terms of this transaction have not been disclosed.
Evaluate is the trusted provider of mission critical commercial information for complex business decisions to the pharmaceutical industry. Evaluate’s core product is an industry leading set of analyst consensus forecasts that provides detailed insights at the product, disease, indication and geographic level. Evaluate creates value by structuring, normalising and integrating data from company filings, research organisations, and government bodies and providing tools that drive analytical insights from data.  Evaluate was the first mover in this particular space and is a leading provider today.    
The investment in Evaluate reflects another example of the Mercury team’s approach to investing behind technology businesses which occupy growing niches, typically led by founders seeking to identify an expert partner who is able to help them further scale their business.  The Company exhibits a number of the business model characteristics that HgCapital looks for including:  a focus on recurring subscription contracts, a track record of consistent double-digit revenue growth, high levels of customer advocacy and operating within a segment with long term growth potential.
This represents the eleventh investment from the Mercury Fund and the fourth investment this year following other recent investments in Germany and France. 
HgCapital was advised by Portico Capital, Weil, Gotshal & Manges and Deloitte. Evaluate was advised by Quayle Munro, RPC and EY.
David Issott, Director in the Mercury team, said: 
“We are delighted to be partnering with the team at Evaluate for the next phase of their journey. Evaluate represents exactly the type of investment opportunity that we raised Mercury to support: a founder entrepreneur looking for a value-add partner to help scale their business and fulfil its potential. We are also pleased to be making a second investment in healthcare IT, a core sub-sector for HgCapital.”
Jonathan de Pass, Founder and Chairman of Evaluate, said:
“The HgCapital team impressed us with their deep understanding of our market and business. The management team and I are delighted to be partnering with HgCapital to realise our strategy of becoming the recognised leader in commercial life sciences information and analytics.”
 
- Ends -
For further details:HgCapital
Laura Dixon
+44 (0)20 7089 7888
Maitland
Tom Eckersley
+44 (0)20 7379 5151
Jamie Dunkley
+44 (0)20 7379 5151
About HgCapital
HgCapital is a sector expert private equity investor, supporting management teams to grow industry champions. Deeply resourced sector teams focus on specific sub-sectors and investment themes to identify companies occupying an established position within a niche, and which have the potential to grow faster than their market, create employment and become the leader in their industry. HgCapital’s dedicated portfolio management team provides practical support to management teams to help them realise their growth ambitions. HgCapital invests in expanding segments of the TMT, Services, Industrials and Renewable Energy sectors across Western Europe. Based in London and Munich, HgCapital manages more than £5 billion for some of the world’s leading institutional and private investors. For further details, please see www.hgcapital.com
Neither the contents of HgCapital’s, or Evaluate’s websites nor the contents of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the websites (or any other website) is incorporated into, or forms part of, this announcement.



Back to News 

 









Investments


  
 Esendex 

 Evaluate 

 fundinfo 
 

More investments





Case studies



  
 German HR software provider, P&I, flourished during its partnership with HgCapital.  


More Case studies




View all case studies
View all news
View all investments







 







Proskauer Steers £3.1B In Fund Closings For HgCapital - Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










Make sure you don't miss any Law360 breaking news.
Download our plug-in for Chrome to get customizable, real-time news alerts 





Proskauer Steers £3.1B In Fund Closings For HgCapital



        By Benjamin Horney



					Law360, New York (February 17, 2017,  2:09 PM EST) -- Technology-focused European private equity shop HgCapital on Thursday announced that it has closed two funds worth a combined £3.1 billion ($3.85 billion), with assistance from legal counsel Proskauer Rose LLP.The funds, HgCapital 8 and HgCapital Mercury 2,  were both “significantly oversubscribed and received strong support from existing investors,” according to a statement. HgCapital 8 brought in £2.5 billion from investors in five months of fundraising, while Mercury 2 collected £575 million in three months of fundraising. The largest commitment to both funds came from an...
				
To view the full article, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login










 Add to Briefcase

 Printable Version
 Rights/Reprints
 Editorial Contacts

Related
Sections



Private Equity



Technology


Law Firms

 Proskauer Rose

Companies

 Bridgepoint Advisers Ltd.
 HgCapital LLP







			Check out Law360's new podcast, Pro Say, which offers a weekly recap of both the biggest stories and hidden gems from the world of law.
		

Listen To Our Latest



Most Popular


1
NY High Court Judge's Death Ruled A Suicide


2
Linklaters Atty Denies Link To Husband's Alleged Fraud


3
How To Manage Health Care Costs And Keep Lawyers Happy


4
Apple Vs. Qualcomm Battle Heats Up: What You Need To Know


5
Dentons Scores 14-Atty Patent Team From MoFo















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Private Equity
											

 Technology
											

 Show all interests


 Aerospace & Defense
													

 Appellate
													

 Asset Management
													

 Automotive
													

 Banking
													

 Bankruptcy
													

 California
													

 Capital Markets
													

 Class Action
													

 Commercial Contracts
													

 Competition
													

 Consumer Protection
													

 Corporate
													

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
													

 Delaware
													

 Employment
													

 Energy
													

 Environmental
													

 Financial Services Uk
													

 Florida
													

 Food & Beverage
													

 Government Contracts
													

 Health
													

 Hospitality
													

 Illinois
													

 Immigration
													

 Insurance
													

 Insurance Uk
													

 Intellectual Property
													

 International Arbitration
													

 International Trade
													

 Law360 In Depth
													

 Legal Ethics
													

 Life Sciences
													

 Media & Entertainment
													

 Medical Malpractice
													

 Mergers & Acquisitions
													

 Native American
													

 New Jersey
													

 New York
													

 Pennsylvania
													

 Product Liability
													

 Project Finance
													

 Public Policy
													

 Real Estate
													

 Retail & E Commerce
													

 Securities
													

 Sports
													

 Tax
													

 Telecommunications
													

 Texas
													

 Transportation
													

 Trials
													

 White Collar
													







Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















×
Sign up for our free Private Equity newsletter






You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up:




Please provide a professional email:



 Select more newsletters to receive for free




 Aerospace & Defense
												



 Appellate
												



 Asset Management
												



 Automotive
												



 Banking
												



 Bankruptcy
												



 California
												



 Capital Markets
												



 Class Action
												



 Commercial Contracts
												



 Competition
												



 Consumer Protection
												



 Corporate
												



 Cybersecurity & Privacy
												



 Delaware
												



 Employment
												



 Energy
												



 Environmental
												



 Florida
												



 Food & Beverage
												



 Government Contracts
												



 Health
												



 Hospitality
												



 Illinois
												



 Immigration
												



 Insurance
												



 Intellectual Property
												



 International Arbitration
												





 International Trade
												



 Law360 In-Depth
												



 Legal Ethics
												



 Legal Industry
												



 Life Sciences
												



 Media & Entertainment
												



 Medical Malpractice
												



 Mergers & Acquisitions
												



 Native American
												



 New Jersey
												



 New York
												



 Pennsylvania
												



 Private Equity
												



 Product Liability
												



 Project Finance
												



 Public Policy
												



 Real Estate
												



 Retail & E-Commerce
												



 Securities
												



 Sports
												



 Tax
												



 Technology
												



 Telecommunications
												



 Texas
												



 Transportation
												



 Trials
												



 White Collar
												




No Thanks
Sign up now





Thank You!

















	HgCapital announces investment in Evaluate – HgCapital Trust plc































    skip to main content
  











                    Share Price
                  







                    NAV per share
                  








                      HgCapital
                    








                 
              


























             
          

About
Investment objectiveInvestment strategyWhy invest?The BoardThe ManagerResponsible investmentKey financialsStewardship
Investment portfolio
Portfolio overviewOur sectorsKey portfolio analysisCase studiesBalance sheetValuation policy
Investors
Share price centreNet Asset ValueYear in reviewDividendPublicationsLong term performanceFinancial calendarSubstantial shareholdersShareholder informationPooled investmentsAnalystsInvestor contactGlossary
News & media
Press releasesRegulatory newsVideos & Webcasts
Contact



           
        


HomeAbout
Investment objectiveInvestment strategy
Sector expertiseActive portfolio management
Why invest?The BoardThe Manager
The Team
Responsible investmentKey financialsStewardship
Investment portfolio
Portfolio overview
Buyouts
VismaIRISZenithSovos ComplianceQUNDISJLARadiusA-PlanCogitalGroupAchillesUllinkRaetThe FoundryParts AllianceFrösunda CitationLumesseKinapseAllocate Software Intelliflo
Renewable energy
Our sectors
TMTServicesIndustrialsRenewable energy
Key portfolio analysis
Trading PerformanceGearing & Valuation MultipleValuation & Asset ClassSector & Deal TypeGeography & Vintage
Case studiesBalance sheetValuation policy
Investors
Share price centre
Historical price lookupShare price calculator
Net Asset ValueYear in reviewDividendPublications
Reports & presentationsFactsheets & updates
Long term performanceFinancial calendarSubstantial shareholdersShareholder information
Investor centreShareholder documents
Pooled investmentsAnalystsInvestor contactGlossary
News & media
Press releasesRegulatory newsVideos & Webcasts
Contact


















                    Box Link
                  



                    Share Price
                  









                    Box Link
                  



                    NAV per share
                  



















Press releases




          Home
          



          News & media
          


Press releases
          













Press releasesRegulatory newsVideos & Webcasts
















08 Nov 2016
HgCapital, the Manager of HgCapital Trust plc (“The Trust”), today announces an investment in Evaluate Group (“Evaluate”), a London-headquartered provider of commercial intelligence to the global life sciences industry. The terms of this transaction have not been disclosed.
HgCapital Trust plc will invest in Evaluate, alongside other institutional clients of HgCapital, who will participate through the Mercury Fund. The Trust, whose shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange, gives private and institutional investors the opportunity to participate in all HgCapital's investments. The Trust will contribute a total of approximately £3.7 million.
This acquisition represents the eleventh investment by the Mercury Fund and, following completion, the Fund will be approximately 72% invested.
Based on the 31 October 2016 reported NAV, the Trust’s liquid resources available for future deployment, including all announced transactions, are estimated to be £43 million (7% of the pro-forma 31 October 2016 NAV). In addition, the Trust has access to a £40 million standby facility, which is currently undrawn. The transaction will reduce the Trust's outstanding commitments to invest in HgCapital deals to approximately £67 million (11% of the pro-forma 31 October 2016 NAV).
HgCapital announces investment in Evaluate
8 November 2016: HgCapital has today announced an investment in Evaluate Group (“Evaluate”), a London-headquartered provider of commercial intelligence to the global life sciences industry. The terms of this transaction have not been disclosed. 
Evaluate is the trusted provider of mission critical commercial information for complex business decisions to the pharmaceutical industry. Evaluate’s core product is an industry leading set of analyst consensus forecasts that provides detailed insights at the product, disease, indication and geographic level. Evaluate creates value by structuring, normalising and integrating data from company filings, research organisations, and government bodies and providing tools that drive analytical insights from data.  Evaluate was the first mover in this particular space and is a leading provider today.    
The investment in Evaluate reflects another example of the Mercury team’s approach to investing behind technology businesses which occupy growing niches, typically led by founders seeking to identify an expert partner who is able to help them further scale their business.  The Company exhibits a number of the business model characteristics that HgCapital looks for including:  a focus on recurring subscription contracts, a track record of consistent double-digit revenue growth, high levels of customer advocacy and operating within a segment with long term growth potential.
This represents the eleventh investment from the Mercury Fund and the fourth investment this year following other recent investments in Germany and France.  
HgCapital was advised by Portico Capital, Weil, Gotshal & Manges and Deloitte. Evaluate was advised by Quayle Munro, RPC and EY. 
David Issott, Director in the Mercury team, said:  
“We are delighted to be partnering with the team at Evaluate for the next phase of their journey. Evaluate represents exactly the type of investment opportunity that we raised Mercury to support: a founder entrepreneur looking for a value-add partner to help scale their business and fulfil its potential. We are also pleased to be making a second investment in healthcare IT, a core sub-sector for HgCapital.” 
Jonathan de Pass, Founder and Chairman of Evaluate, said:
“The HgCapital team impressed us with their deep understanding of our market and business. The management team and I are delighted to be partnering with HgCapital to realise our strategy of becoming the recognised leader in commercial life sciences information and analytics.”
- End -
For further details:
HgCapital
 Laura Dixon
+44 (0)20 7089 7888
Maitland
 Tom Eckersley
 +44 (0)20 7379 5151
 Jamie Dunkley
+44 (0)20 7379 5151
About HgCapital Trust plc
HgCapital Trust plc is an investment trust whose shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (ticker: HGT.L). The Trust is a client of HgCapital, giving investors exposure to a portfolio of high-growth private companies, through a liquid vehicle. New investments and existing portfolio companies are managed by HgCapital, an experienced and well-resourced private equity firm with a long-term track record of delivering superior risk-adjusted returns for its investors. For further details, please see www.hgcapitaltrust.com.
Neither the contents of HgCapital Trust’s, HgCapital’s, or Evaluate’s websites nor the contents of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the websites (or any other website) is incorporated into, or forms part of, this announcement.
<< Back to 2016
















Register for email alerts
SIGN UP


Stay in touch


























Copyright © HgCapital Trust plc 2017.

Accessibility
Disclaimer
Site map















































HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P., GY1 2HL GUERNSEY Financial Information






































HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P.








HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P.


















Home
HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P.













Address
 
HGCAPITAL 8 E L.P.


1 ROYAL PLAZA

ROYAL AVENUE

ST PETER PORT

GUERNSEY

CHANNEL ISLANDS

GY1 2HL
(unknown Post Code, it might be incorrect)
(125 companies also use this postcode)







Legal Information

Company Registration No.:
LP017395


Registration Date:

3 May 2016


Financial Year End:

00-00




New information about this company is available:
Update Now!















Recently Filed Documents - 1 available


1 GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED, 1 LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED AND THE TOTAL AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED IS 100 GBP. GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED:HGCAPITAL INITIAL GP LIMITED. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:HG INCORPORATIONS LIMITED. - £4.99




View all 1 documents





Unclaimed Domain Names for this Company's Website
The following domain names appear to be available to register, if this is your company you should claim the domain names before your competitors register them.

www.h8elp.co.uk

Register at GoDaddy


www.hgcapitaleightelp.co.uk

Register at GoDaddy


www.hgcapital8elp.co.uk

Register at Domain.com


www.hgcapitaleightelp.com

Register at GoDaddy


www.hgcapital8elp.com

Register at GoDaddy


www.h8elp.com

Register at GoDaddy


www.hgcapital8elp.org

Register at GoDaddy


Company Annual Accounts


Do you do business with this company?
Receive a free
alert email
if there are any changes to this company, such as a change of address or new financial documents become available
Is this your company?

Is the information we hold correct?


Provide a short description about your company
Add a Trading Name & Address
Add your phone numbers
Add a link to your Website
Free!



Update Company Information




Do you want total editorial control of this page?


Add your own company information
Remove public financial information
Remove advertising
Change the information instantly and as often as you like



Enhanced Listing








Monitor Company

Receive an alert email on changes to financial status
Early indications of liquidity problems
Warns when company reporting is overdue
Free service, no spam emails

Monitor Now







Companies With Similar Names

HGCAPITAL 8 P&E CO-INVEST L.P.
More...


Companies With Same Post Code

HG RENEWABLE POWER PARTNERS L.P.
HGCAPITAL 6 C L.P.
HGCAPITAL 6 A L.P.
HGCAPITAL 6 B L.P.
HGCAPITAL 6 D L.P.
More...


Activity
This company viewed 1 time in the last few years




























	Login | Evaluate























































Retrieving Data







					You are a  user.
				

					The feature you are trying to access  Subscribers.
				

Please Register to access this feature or log in if you are a Subscriber,
						or if you have already Registered. 



						Please click the following link to register and submit an upgrade request, so that
						a member of our sales team can contact you to discuss your requirements.
					

Register and Upgrade




						Please click the 'Request Upgrade' button to log your details so that a member of
						our sales team can contact you to discuss your additional requirements.
					






















					Your request to access this feature is pending.
				

					You have already logged a callback request. A member of our team will contact you
					to discuss your access level.
				

View My Contact Details  
					







					This feature is not yet available.
				

					We have already attempted to contact you following your recent request.
				

					We will try and call you again shortly but in the meantime please check that your
					contact details are correct and up to date or if you prefer please contact us.
				

View My Contact Details  
					Contact Us






				Retrieving...
			

				EP Vantage brings a fresh view on pharma and biotech with incisive daily analysis,
				powered by Evaluate Ltd.
			


					You are a subscriber to the full Evaluate Ltd. service.
				

					Click
					here
					to login to the subscribers' welcome page.
				

      
					No, I do not want to log in now
Don't
					remind me again
				



					You are currently accessing our secondary server
				

					Although the site contains up to date data, some features are unfortunately not available on the secondary server.
					We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
				







						Close





ECommerce Support


							If you would prefer to speak to a member of our sales team please call us on 
							+44 (0)20 7377 0800


							Alternatively, if you are experiencing problems with an existing order a member
							of our support team will be happy to assist you. Call 
							+44 (0)20 7377 0800


							Telephone lines are open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm London Time.
						

							Alternatively, send an email to chrissie.pennock@evaluategroup.com











Close



Shopping Cart



Fetching cart contents. Please wait.
















										Please register your details with us to complete your purchase or click Login if you have already registered with us.

   
										











                    	Close




Report Summary


							Retrieving report details...
						








Share with a colleague
								   
								Show Report Description







This report has already been purchased and is available
									to view now
									or you may purchase the report again for the latest data.
								



									You have already purchased this report but a problem is preventing you from
									accessing the information it contains. Before calling a member of our support team,
									please attempt to regenerate your report again from your
								
purchase history
page.

Add this item to my basket

or

									Regenerate for free

This item has already been added to your cart

								Regenerating Content   
								







								Please complete the fields below




Recipient's Email



  * Required




Your Email



  * Required




Your Name



  * Required




Optional Message












Sending Email  
							



								An email has been successfully sent
							

Return to Report Summary



Failed to Send






Return to Report Summary




Failed to retrieve further details for this product.



							The item has successfully been added to your cart.
						




							Your selected reports will remain in your cart for 7 days

















				You have succeeded in buying the report(s), however you haven't generated your report(s) yet. Please go to Purchase History to generate your ordered report(s) now.
			







Site Maintenance Planned
The website will be unavailable on Thursday 25 April from 12:00pm for routine maintenance.
Please save your work and log out before then



            Remind me later
        


X
Got it




























