 



Citadel












Heineken Coachella

Our Commitment
Our Technologies
Industries Served
Our Brands
Our Locations
Our Team
Contact














helping our customers
make better products
We are leading the future of compounded plastic materials.  We excel in creating unique solutions for our customers inelectrical, agriculture and automotive, healthcare andhousewares, and everything in between.  At Citadel, we offer unparalleled breadth and depth of knowledge, technology, and operational agility, expanding the boundaries of materials and technologies. 




our brands

BMC  
MATRIXX
LUCENT
ACLO
FIBERFIL
QTR
tetra-DUR
PREMIX
QUANTUM


BMC  

Founded in 1979, BMC is the leading global supplier of high-quality thermoset engineered composites to a wide range of industries.
Through its expansion in Europe, Asia, and Latin America, BMCI has become the world leader in thermoset engineered composites manufacturing. BMCI maintains important long-standing relationships with key customers in the electrical, automotive, and appliance industries.

www.bulkmolding.com 


MATRIXX

Founded in 1984, Matrixx is a leading supplier of thermoplastic compounds with a focus on providing excellent customer service and quality while maintaining highly efficient, low cost operations. Matrixx has earned an outstanding reputation in the plastics industry.
Representing a diverse group of industries, Matrixx customers include manufacturers of power tools, applications, electrical equipment, automotive parts, HVAC components and construction materials.




LUCENT

Founded in 1997, Lucent Polymers has become one of the leading suppliers of high quality, low cost recycled and value-added compounds to customers throughout the United States and world.
We focus a large amount of our human capital into the development and formulation of materials that meet unique physical properties. As a result, we help our customers to develop sustainable products for new applications and new markets better than the competition can.

www.lucentpolymers.com 


ACLO

Founded in 1964, Aclo Compounders operated as a local compounder serving the needs of regional molders. Aclo was sold to Mitsubishi in 1986. This move allowed the company to fulfill its potential and develop the capability to compete on a more international level.
In 1990, Idemitsu Chemicals (USA) joined forces with Mitsubishi as a shareholder in the company and paved the way for Aclo to break into underserved markets. Their involvement with Aclo has opened doors for further business outside of Canada and into new markets including automotive.

www.aclocompounders.com 


FIBERFIL

For almost 60 years, the name Fiberfil has been synonymous with thermoplastics compounding. Founded in 1952 by Rex Bradt, Fiberfil blazed a new trail and pioneered the plastics compounding industry. Fiberfil was the first company to incorporate glass fiber and other reinforcements into thermoplastics.
Fiberfil’s plant in Stoney Creek, Ontario has been in operation since 1970. Citadel acquired Fiberfil's assets in September 2009.




QTR

QTR’s QR Resins are a line of reprocessed, engineering-grade thermoplastics. QR Resins are manufactured using a combination of post-industrial regrind and unsold and widespec virgin material that would otherwise end up in a landfill, so you can be confident that your company is making an environmentally-friendly purchase. And when you see that the prices of QR Resins are lower than those of comparable virgin products, your company can be confident that you’re making a budget-friendly purchase as well.

www.customcompounding.com 


tetra-DUR

Founded in 1986 Foundation Tetra-Dur is a leading supplier of high-quality thermoset engineered composites to a wide range of industries.  As part of the BMCI group Tetra-Dur focuses on the EU markets and maintains important long-standing relationships with key customers in the electrical, automotive, and appliance industries.

www.tetradur.com 


PREMIX

Founded in 1959, Premix is considered one of the founders of the thermoset composites industry.
Premix formulates and produces a variety of thermoset compounds, offers diverse molding capabilities, and delivers forward-thinking research and development initiatives throughout diverse markets, including electrical, transportation, safety and security, energy, HVAC, and more. A longstanding industry partner, Premix has established a reputation for its exceptional customer service and technical support.

www.premix.com 


QUANTUM

Founded in 1983, Quantum Composites develops and manufactures high-performance fiberglass and carbon fiber composite compounds.
Notably, Quantum’s Engineered Structural Composites® (ESC®) include carbon or glass reinforcement in epoxy, vinyl ester and polyester, phenolic, BMI and polyimide resin matrices. ESC materials provide exceptional properties for 3-D compression molded structures, delivering creative solutions for myriad applications in the aerospace, automotive, defense, medical, safety, energy and industrial markets.

http://www.quantumcomposites.com 










industries
served

We service these industries. Select a category to learn more

Appliances
Automotive & Transportation 
Building & Construction
Consumer
Electrical & Electronics
Food Service
Home & Garden
Healthcare
Industrial
Oil and Gas





At Citadel, we have been supplying the appliance industry with innovative compounds since our inception. We work closely with OEM’s and part suppliers to offer materials that meet the demanding requirements that are often associated with complex design as well as the rigorous compliance standards consumers have come to expect in their home.  




Citadel is a leading material compounder of polymer solutions to the automotive and transportation industries. We are well known for our forward lighting systems, connectors, tubing, and interior and under the hood material innovations. Notably, our sustainable material is helping to meet the growing needs of transportation providers that are looking for green solutions.  




Through our partnerships, we have worked with world-class manufacturers to provide materials for products used in diverse applications from shutters to siding and concrete to carpets. Our ability to supply materials that are competitively engineered allows us to be a key player in the ongoing improvement of the products these industries use. 




Citadel’s material portfolio is ideal for the diverse world of the consumer industry. Each consumer market segment has its own material challenges and with our wide range of thermoset and thermoplastic materials we are able to offer more materials than nearly any polymer supplier in the market today. As global leader in engineered composites, polypropylene and engineered thermoplastics compounding, we are a sure fit to make your consumer goods better. 




Citadel is a global leader in flame retardant compounds and our industry knowledge has lead electronic OEM’s to our door for years. We’ve optimized our reach with field technical support at processors, and have engaged regulatory specialists to offer one of the most expedient systems for custom electronics applications. Although we offer a leading portfolio of compliant materials we also appreciate the opportunity to customize materials that meet your high demands. 




MicroPURE is a heat, stain and scratch resistant molding material that is available in all colors, granite and marble looks. Safe in microwave, conventional and convection ovens (up to 400° F), MicroPURE complies with all major international food contact regulations. MicroPURE is today's answer to health conscious food delivery and storage. 




Citadel’s reach in the home and garden market is extensive. We are well known for our work in the process of replacing metal with alternative materials that meet the demanding requirements of lawn and garden equipment. We have the ability to meet the heat, solvent and mechanical properties associated with conventional materials while offering customized solutions that span brand colors and make economic sense.  




Citadel offers multiple polymer compounds that are used in healthcare applications. We provide solutions for hazardous material containment and metal replacement with both engineered composites and thermoplastics. Materials that offer diverse compounds are one of our specialties. We provide customer solutions to meet the rigors associated with the evolving healthcare industry. 




Citadel has an extensive material portfolio and comprehensive ability to optimize polymer compounds that reach desired requirements. This makes us ideally placed to develop solutions for industrial applications that touch climate controls, energy, HVAC, fluid handling, petroleum, water filtration, sludge and even mining systems and components. 




As some of the world's leading nations develop their oil and gas production, Citadel is here to offer innovative material solutions that replace conventional materials and systems historically used in this industry. Already a leading provider of engineered composites in the oil and gas industries, we offer a material that holds properties at temperatures over 160 degrees Celsius while resisting the harsh environment of drilling well beneath the earth’s surface. 






technology
Forward-thinking and ever-changing, our innovative technology differentiates the broad Citadel product offerings. Citadel is dedicated to exploring and refining technologies that will help streamline, strengthen and improve our customers’ products.
Thermoplastics
A category of plastic that melts when heated and then sets to a solid state when cooled.  Thermoplastics can be processed using a wide array of techniques, including injection molding, compression molding, blow molding, sheet and profile extrusion, etc.   A broad set of polymer types and modification technologies allow a wide range of mechanical and thermal properties.  Thermoplastics are remoldable, recyclable, and weldable.
Citadel Plastics Thermoplastics Technologies Provide:>  Comprehensive menu of base polymers, including Polypropylene, Polycarbonate, Nylon, Polyesters, Styrenics, Polyethylene, and alloys>  Broad portfolio of Underwriters Laboratories listings, including an extremely wide array of UL94-5VA rated materials and flame retardant polypropylenes>  Extensive capabilities for customization of performance characteristics through modification technologies,.>  Post industrial and  post consumer recycle options available in many product families.>  Full Color Capabilties


Engineered Composites
A category of plastics that is dough-like in format and is cured to shape using single injection or compression methods in heated molds.  Thermoset composites are exceptionally rigid, heat resistant and can be recycledCitadel Plastics Engineered Composites Technologies Deliver:>  Excellent Physical Property/Cost Ratio>  Global Automotive Specifications>  Broad Underwriters Laboratories Recognition>  Full Color Capabilities >  Food Contact/Microwave Safe Grades






management team
Expertise, strong leadership and visionary thinking.


Mike Huff
Gregory Knipp
Kevin Andrews
Mario Sandoval
Amy Rodgers
Jason Jimerson
Dennis Loughran





MIKE HUFF
Chief Executive Officer
With over 30 years of plastics industry experience, including 21 years at GE leading the High Performance and Polyester business units, Mr. Huff brings a deep operating background to Citadel. Most recently, Mike spent 4 years at Johns Manville leading Global Reinforcements and Operations for the Insulation Group.





corporate structure

Alongside management, HGGC of Palo Alto, California, and Boston-based Charlesbank Capital Partners are the primary owners of Citadel Plastics.HGGC (formerly Huntsman Gay Global Capital) is a Palo Alto, California-basedmiddle market private equity firm. HGGC invests in diverse businesses,leveraging networks of relationships and providing hands-on operational expertise to harness each company’s full growth potential. 

The firm is currently investing out of a $1.1B Fund and seeks to partner with strong management teams and founders to build companies capable of generating sustainable growth.  With years of collective deal and operational experience, HGGC brings best practices from private equity and global corporations to help middle market businesses in a wide range of industries outperform the market. For more information, visit www.hggc.com. for HGGC contact
Joy HayameExternal Relations Manager650-321-4910media@hggc.com



Charlesbank Capital Partners,is a middle market private equity investment firm managing more than $2 billion of capital. Charlesbank focuses on management led buyouts and growth capital financings, typically investing $50 million to $150 million per transaction in companies with enterprise values of $100 million to $750 million. The firm seeks to partner with strong management teams to build companies with sustainable competitive advantages and excellent prospects for growth.
For more information, visit www.charlesbank.com

                            for Charlesbank Capital Partners contact                        

                            Maura Turner                        

                            Vice President of Communications                        

                            617-619-5457                        


More Information about Citadel
Citadel Plastics - Expanding Possibilities 
Huntsman Gay Global Completes Investment
Citadel unifies it's Brand with new a Logo & Website














thermoplastic compounding
Evansville, Indiana (7)












engineered composites
West Chicago, Illinois












thermoplastic compounding
Bedford, Virginia












thermoplastic compounding
Houston, Texas












engineered composites
Perrysburg, Ohio












thermoplastic compounding
Guelph, Ontario 












engineered composites
Hamburg, Germany













engineered composites
Dongguan, China












engineered composites
Shanghai, China












engineered composites
Mexico City, Mexico












engineered composites
Juarez, Mexico












engineered composites
Rio Claro, Brazil









locations
Citadel operates 17 manufacturing locations in the North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. 


North America

                            Evansville, Indiana (7)                            thermoplastic compounding


                            West Chicago, Illinois                            engineered composites


                            Bedford, Virginia                            thermoplastic compounding


                            Houston, Texas                            thermoplastic compounding


                            Perrysburg, Ohio                            engineered composites


                            Guelph, Ontario                             thermoplastic compounding




Europe

                            Hamburg, Germany                            engineered composites







Asia

                            Dongguan, China                            engineered composites


                            Shanghai, China                            engineered composites




Latin America

                            Mexico City, Mexico                            engineered composites


                            Juarez, Mexico                            engineered composites


                            Rio Claro, Brazil                            engineered composites







Contact.
At Citadel, we plan to align with companies that provide complementary products and services. By aligning your interests with Citadel Plastics, you’ll gain the ability to grow a business that’s better equipped to navigate in an increasingly competitive global market.
If you’re a profitable company with a strong management team, proven track record, solid, ongoing customer relationships and a desire to align interests through an equity investment — we want to hear from you.

Engineered Composites
Give us a call888-665-3262 

Thermoplastics
Give us a call800-873-7527 

Sales
Email us atsales@citadelplastics.com 

Customer Services
Email us atcservice@citadelplastics.com 

Human Resources
Email us atcareers@citadelplastics.com 

Press
Email us atpress@citadelplastics.com 




Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2014 CitadelPlastics.com. All rights reserved.






















 













 




Citadel | Portfolio | HGGC
Citadel | Portfolio | HGGCHGGCCitadel is a leading global composite plastics company that produces thermoset and thermoplastic compounds for specialty product applications in the automotive, electrical, construction, HVAC and appliance markets. Citadel is currently one of the largest global providers of bulk molding compound thermoset products. Formed in 2007 and built through a series of cornerstone and tuck-in acquisitions over the past several years, the company boasts a proven management team, large end-markets, a stable margin profile, a blue chip customer base and attractive opportunities for future growth. Citadel is headquartered in West Chicago, IL, and has a global workforce spread across seven countries.
Company DetailsStatus FormerPortfolio Fund IRelated NewspressMay 19, 2015Citadel purchase will nearly double A. Schulman's US salesMaterials firm A. Schulman Inc. has kept its buying streak alive with its biggest deal yet — acquiring compounder and composites maker Citadel Plastics Holdings Inc. for $800 million. pressMar 16, 2015HGGC to sell Citadel for $800 millionHGGC to sell Citadel for $800 million pressNov 06, 2014HGGC's Citadel Completes TCG acquisition pressDec 09, 2013Citadel Plastics Acquires Lucent Polymers 

HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:53 PM ET
Chemicals

Company Overview of HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and distributes thermoplastic compounds and thermoset resins. It offers custom compounded products, including polypropylene, polyethylene, acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, nylon, polycarbonate, polybutylene terephthalate, polyethylene terephthalate, and alloys. The company also provides plastic compounds and concentrates. Its products are used in large and small appliances, house wares, healthcare products, automotive, agriculture, indoor and outdoor lighting, home and garden, industrial and household electrical, construction, power tools, HVAC, and recreation and leisure. The company was founded in 2007 and is base...
HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and distributes thermoplastic compounds and thermoset resins. It offers custom compounded products, including polypropylene, polyethylene, acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, nylon, polycarbonate, polybutylene terephthalate, polyethylene terephthalate, and alloys. The company also provides plastic compounds and concentrates. Its products are used in large and small appliances, house wares, healthcare products, automotive, agriculture, indoor and outdoor lighting, home and garden, industrial and household electrical, construction, power tools, HVAC, and recreation and leisure. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in West Chicago, Illinois with manufacturing locations in Evansville, Indiana; West Chicago, Illinois; Bedford, Virginia; Houston, Texas; Perrysburg, Ohio; Guelph, Ontario; Hamburg, Germany; Istanbul, Turkey; Dongguan and Shanghai, China; Mexico City and Juarez, Mexico; and Rio Claro, Brazil. As of June 1, 2015, HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of A. Schulman, Inc.
Detailed Description


1600 Powis CourtWest Chicago, IL 60185United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 630-377-1065

Fax: 630-377-7395

www.citadelplastics.com







Key Executives for HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Michael W. Huff


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      








Mr. Mario Sandoval


      	Vice President of Global Operations
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Fran Zappitelli


      	President of Thermosets
      








Ms. Amy Rodgers


      	Vice President of Human Resources
      








Mr. Gregory T. Knipp


      	Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 10x Technology LLC United States 20/20 Custom Molded Plastics,Ltd. United States 21st Century Plastics Corporation United States 2N2, Inc. United States 4th Generation Resins, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc., please visit www.citadelplastics.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























  
    
    Citadel Plastics Holdings sold to A. Schulman :


  CompositesWorld
























































Go





















 ☰ 
⌕













Citadel Plastics Holdings sold to A. Schulman





















      The compounds group, formerly owned by private equity firms HGGC and Charlesbank, will now be owned by plastics supplier A. Schulman.





            News Post: 3/16/2015










Related Suppliers


The Composites Group (Premix/Hadlock Plastics/Quantum Composites)



Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. (West Chicago, IL, US), a global provider of thermoplastic and engineered composite compounds, announced on March 16 that its owners, private equity firms HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners, have entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Company to global plastics supplier A. Schulman (Fairlawn, OH, US). The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2015.
Citadel, acquired by HGGC and Charlesbank in 2012, is an Illinois-based provider of comprehensive composite materials solutions operating 21 production facilities in North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. The company offers a broad portfolio of proprietary compounds to diverse customers spanning multiple industries including transportation, industrial, construction, consumer, electrical, energy, healthcare and safety.
During HGGC and Charlesbank's ownership, and in partnership with Citadel management, the company has significantly expanded its capabilities, geographic reach and customer base through both organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Citadel added Lucent Polymers in 2013 and The Composites Group ("TCG") in late 2014. The combination of these businesses accelerated the evolution of Citadel into an industry leader with more than 1,300 customers and over 2,000 active products that have grown revenues 70 percent since the initial investment.
"The management team and I are extremely proud of the tremendous growth and expansion that has taken place at Citadel over the past three years," says Mike Huff, CEO of Citadel. "Working closely with HGGC and Charlesbank, we have built a much stronger business that is well-positioned for continued success in partnership with A. Schulman."

For more information, visit www.citadelplastics.com.


















News

SGL Carbon SE acquires shares from Tokai Carbon Co. Ltd.


Composite Recycling Technology Center CEO to retire, Chief Operating Officer named CEO 


Northern Composites looks to expand products and reach


N12 Technologies, UDRI partner for high-volume production of NanoStitch  


Large-format 3D printer builds carbon fiber-reinforced submarine















































Zones
Blog
Magazine
SourceBook

Products
Events
News
Webinars






SITE MAP
Subscribe
Contact
About CW
Advertise


Social Media

  
      YouTube

  
      Twitter

  
      Facebook






Channel Partners

• Plastics Technology Magazine  
            
• Modern Machine Shop Magazine  
            
• MoldMaking Technology Magazine  
            
• Additive Manufacturing Magazine  
            



    Copyright © Gardner Business Media, Inc. 2017 
  All rights reserved.












HGGC, Charlesbank to sell Citadel Plastic in $800 mln deal - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































HGGC, Charlesbank to sell Citadel Plastic in $800 mln deal


March 16, 2015
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
HGGC, Charlesbank to sell Citadel Plastic in $800 mln deal
HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners said Monday they have agreed to sell Citadel Plastic Holdings to A. Schulman in a deal valued at $800 million. The transaction is expected to close in second quarter. West Chicago, Illinois-based Citadel provides thermoplastic and engineered composite compounds.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners said Monday they have agreed to sell Citadel Plastic Holdings to A. Schulman in a deal valued at $800 million. The transaction is expected to close in second quarter. West Chicago, Illinois-based Citadel provides thermoplastic and engineered composite compounds.
PRESS RELEASE
PALO ALTO, Calif. — March 16, 2015 — Private equity firms HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement to sell Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. (“Citadel” or “the Company”), a leading global provider of thermoplastic and engineered composite compounds, to global plastics supplier A. Schulman (NASDAQ: SHLM) for $800 million, approximately 10.6 x the Company’s EBITDA of $75 million. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2015.
Citadel, acquired by HGGC and Charlesbank in 2012, is a West Chicago, Illinois-based provider of comprehensive materials solutions operating 21 production facilities in North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. The Company offers a broad portfolio of proprietary compounds to diverse blue-chip customers spanning multiple industries including transportation, industrial & construction, consumer, electrical, energy and healthcare & safety.
During HGGC’s and Charlesbank’s ownership, and in partnership with Citadel management, the Company has significantly expanded its capabilities, geographic reach and customer base through both organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Citadel added Lucent Polymers in 2013 and The Composites Group (“TCG”) in late 2014. The combination of these businesses accelerated the evolution of Citadel into an industry leader with more than 1,300 customers and over 2,000 active products that has grown revenues 70 percent since the initial investment. 





“We are extremely proud of the transformation that has taken place at Citadel over the past three years,” said Gary Crittenden, Chairman of HGGC, who also serves as Chairman of Citadel.  “Together with Mike Huff and his management team, we have built very attractive industry-leading platforms in engineered composites and thermoplastics through important strategic acquisitions, resulting in an outstanding outcome for our investors.”
In addition to the acquisitions, during HGGC’s and Charlesbank’s ownership Citadel made significant strategic improvements. These include launching a unified, industry-focused go-to-market strategy, investing in key sales resources, implementation of a common operating discipline across the portfolio, and enhanced management of margins and expenses, which collectively strengthened the business.
“With the tremendous advancements that Citadel has made during our investment, the company is strongly positioned for continued growth,” said Brandon White, Managing Director of Charlesbank, who also serves on the Board of Citadel. “We are proud to have partnered with the team during this extraordinary period and wish them every success in their next chapter.”
The sale of Citadel, in which HGGC has a controlling interest, marks HGGC’s seventh exit of 11 middle market platform investments made out of its $1.1 billion debut fund and is the firm’s first transaction of 2015 after completing 10 transactions last year. Earlier this month HGGC announced the closing of its $1.33 billion second fund. 





About HGGC
HGGC is a leading middle-market private equity firm with over $2.4 billion in cumulative capital commitments. Based in Palo Alto, Calif., HGGC is distinguished by its “Advantaged Investing” model that enables the firm to source and acquire scalable businesses at attractive multiples through partnerships with management teams, founders and sponsors who reinvest in deals alongside HGGC, creating a strong alignment of interests. Over its history, HGGC has completed platform investments, add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of nearly $10 billion, representing more than 45 transactions.  More information is available at www.hggc.com.
About Charlesbank Capital Partners
Based in Boston and New York, Charlesbank is a middle-market private equity investment firm managing more than $3 billion of capital.  Charlesbank focuses on management-led buyouts and growth capital financings, typically investing $50 million to $150 million per transaction in companies with enterprise values of $100 million to $750 million.  The firm seeks to partner with strong management teams to build companies with sustainable competitive advantages and excellent prospects for growth.  For more information, visit www.charlesbank.com.
About Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc.
HGGC of Palo Alto, California, and Boston-based Charlesbank Capital Partners are the primary owners of Citadel.  Citadel is a leading provider of custom material solutions including both engineered composites and thermoplastics compounds.  Citadel’s end markets include transportation, industrial & construction, consumer, electrical, energy and healthcare & safety.  Formed in 2007 and built through a series of cornerstone and tuck-in acquisitions, Citadel’s customer-engineered solutions, stable margin profile, blue-chip customer base and global operational excellence provide attractive opportunities for future growth.  Citadel is headquartered in West Chicago, and has a global workforce spread across twenty-one facilities in six countries. For more information, visitwww.citadelplastics.com. 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
HGGC, Charlesbank to sell Citadel Plastic in $800 mln deal
HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners said Monday they have agreed to sell Citadel Plastic Holdings to A. Schulman in a deal valued at $800 million. The transaction is expected to close in second quarter. West Chicago, Illinois-based Citadel provides thermoplastic and engineered composite compounds.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Cambridge Associates, Bank of America, UBS are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

 
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




































HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners to Sell Citadel Plastics for $800 Million | News | Charlesbank




























Skip to Main Content















News
Press Releases








					PALO ALTO, Calif.  –
					March 16, 2015				
HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners to Sell Citadel Plastics for $800 Million


Period of Significant Growth Driven By Strategic Acquisitions
Private equity firms HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement to sell Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. (“Citadel” or “the Company”), a leading global provider of thermoplastic and engineered composite compounds, to global plastics supplier A. Schulman (NASDAQ: SHLM) for $800 million, approximately 10.6 x the Company’s EBITDA of $75 million. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2015.
Citadel, acquired by HGGC and Charlesbank in 2012, is a West Chicago, Illinois-based provider of comprehensive materials solutions operating 21 production facilities in North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. The Company offers a broad portfolio of proprietary compounds to diverse blue-chip customers spanning multiple industries including transportation, industrial & construction, consumer, electrical, energy and healthcare & safety.
During HGGC’s and Charlesbank’s ownership, and in partnership with Citadel management, the Company has significantly expanded its capabilities, geographic reach and customer base through both organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Citadel added Lucent Polymers in 2013 and The Composites Group (“TCG”) in late 2014. The combination of these businesses accelerated the evolution of Citadel into an industry leader with more than 1,300 customers and over 2,000 active products that has grown revenues 70 percent since the initial investment.
“We are extremely proud of the transformation that has taken place at Citadel over the past three years,” said Gary Crittenden, Chairman of HGGC, who also serves as Chairman of Citadel. “Together with Mike Huff and his management team, we have built very attractive industry-leading platforms in engineered composites and thermoplastics through important strategic acquisitions, resulting in an outstanding outcome for our investors.”
In addition to the acquisitions, during HGGC’s and Charlesbank’s ownership Citadel made significant strategic improvements. These include launching a unified, industry-focused go-to-market strategy, investing in key sales resources, implementation of a common operating discipline across the portfolio, and enhanced management of margins and expenses, which collectively strengthened the business.
“With the tremendous advancements that Citadel has made during our investment, the company is strongly positioned for continued growth,” said Brandon White, Managing Director of Charlesbank, who also serves on the Board of Citadel. “We are proud to have partnered with the team during this extraordinary period and wish them every success in their next chapter.” The sale of Citadel, in which HGGC has a controlling interest, marks HGGC’s seventh exit of 11 middle market platform investments made out of its $1.1 billion debut fund and is the firm’s first transaction of 2015 after completing 10 transactions last year. Earlier this month HGGC announced the closing of its $1.33 billion second fund.

About HGGC
HGGC is a leading middle-market private equity firm with over $2.4 billion in cumulative capital commitments. Based in Palo Alto, Calif., HGGC is distinguished by its “Advantaged Investing” model that enables the firm to source and acquire scalable businesses at attractive multiples through partnerships with management teams, founders and sponsors who reinvest in deals alongside HGGC, creating a strong alignment of interests. Over its history, HGGC has completed platform investments, add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of nearly $10 billion, representing more than 45 transactions. More information is available at www.hggc.com.

About Charlesbank Capital Partners
Based in Boston and New York, Charlesbank is a middle-market private equity investment firm managing more than $3 billion of capital. Charlesbank focuses on management-led buyouts and growth capital financings, typically investing $50 million to $150 million per transaction in companies with enterprise values of $100 million to $750 million. The firm seeks to partner with strong management teams to build companies with sustainable competitive advantages and excellent prospects for growth. For more information, visit www.charlesbank.com.

About Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc.
HGGC of Palo Alto, California, and Boston-based Charlesbank Capital Partners are the primary owners of Citadel. Citadel is a leading provider of custom material solutions including both engineered composites and thermoplastics compounds. Citadel’s end markets include transportation, industrial & construction, consumer, electrical, energy and healthcare & safety. Formed in 2007 and built through a series of cornerstone and tuck-in acquisitions, Citadel’s customer-engineered solutions, stable margin profile, blue-chip customer base and global operational excellence provide attractive opportunities for future growth. Citadel is headquartered in West Chicago, and has a global workforce spread across twenty-one facilities in six countries. For more information, visit www.citadelplastics.com.








Back to News



















 







A. Schulman To Pay $800M For PE-Backed Citadel Plastics - Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










Make sure you don't miss any Law360 breaking news.
Download our plug-in for Chrome to get customizable, real-time news alerts 





A. Schulman To Pay $800M For PE-Backed Citadel Plastics



        By Linda Chiem



					Law360, New York (March 16, 2015,  5:07 PM EDT) -- Plastic compounds and chemical maker A. Schulman Inc. said Monday that it will drop $800 million to acquire private equity-backed Citadel Plastics Holdings Inc., as it continues to expand and diversify its U.S. portfolio with the addition of a specialty plastics maker in high-margin markets.A. Schulman said it has entered into a definitive agreement to pay $800 million to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Citadel from middle-market private equity firms HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners.The transaction allows Akron, Ohio-based...
				
To view the full article, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login










 Add to Briefcase

 Printable Version
 Rights/Reprints
 Editorial Contacts

Related
Sections



Mergers & Acquisitions



Private Equity


Law Firms

 Kirkland & Ellis
 Squire Patton Boggs

Companies

 A. Schulman Inc.
 Charlesbank Capital Partners LLC
 Ferro Corporation
 HSBC Holdings PLC







			Check out Law360's new podcast, Pro Say, which offers a weekly recap of both the biggest stories and hidden gems from the world of law.
		

Listen To Our Latest



Most Popular


1
NY High Court Judge's Death Ruled A Suicide


2
Linklaters Atty Denies Link To Husband's Alleged Fraud


3
How To Manage Health Care Costs And Keep Lawyers Happy


4
Apple Vs. Qualcomm Battle Heats Up: What You Need To Know


5
Dentons Scores 14-Atty Patent Team From MoFo















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Mergers & Acquisitions
											

 Private Equity
											

 Show all interests


 Aerospace & Defense
													

 Appellate
													

 Asset Management
													

 Automotive
													

 Banking
													

 Bankruptcy
													

 California
													

 Capital Markets
													

 Class Action
													

 Commercial Contracts
													

 Competition
													

 Consumer Protection
													

 Corporate
													

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
													

 Delaware
													

 Employment
													

 Energy
													

 Environmental
													

 Financial Services Uk
													

 Florida
													

 Food & Beverage
													

 Government Contracts
													

 Health
													

 Hospitality
													

 Illinois
													

 Immigration
													

 Insurance
													

 Insurance Uk
													

 Intellectual Property
													

 International Arbitration
													

 International Trade
													

 Law360 In Depth
													

 Legal Ethics
													

 Life Sciences
													

 Media & Entertainment
													

 Medical Malpractice
													

 Native American
													

 New Jersey
													

 New York
													

 Pennsylvania
													

 Product Liability
													

 Project Finance
													

 Public Policy
													

 Real Estate
													

 Retail & E Commerce
													

 Securities
													

 Sports
													

 Tax
													

 Technology
													

 Telecommunications
													

 Texas
													

 Transportation
													

 Trials
													

 White Collar
													







Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















×
Sign up for our free Mergers & Acquisitions newsletter






You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up:




Please provide a professional email:



 Select more newsletters to receive for free




 Aerospace & Defense
												



 Appellate
												



 Asset Management
												



 Automotive
												



 Banking
												



 Bankruptcy
												



 California
												



 Capital Markets
												



 Class Action
												



 Commercial Contracts
												



 Competition
												



 Consumer Protection
												



 Corporate
												



 Cybersecurity & Privacy
												



 Delaware
												



 Employment
												



 Energy
												



 Environmental
												



 Florida
												



 Food & Beverage
												



 Government Contracts
												



 Health
												



 Hospitality
												



 Illinois
												



 Immigration
												



 Insurance
												



 Intellectual Property
												



 International Arbitration
												





 International Trade
												



 Law360 In-Depth
												



 Legal Ethics
												



 Legal Industry
												



 Life Sciences
												



 Media & Entertainment
												



 Medical Malpractice
												



 Mergers & Acquisitions
												



 Native American
												



 New Jersey
												



 New York
												



 Pennsylvania
												



 Private Equity
												



 Product Liability
												



 Project Finance
												



 Public Policy
												



 Real Estate
												



 Retail & E-Commerce
												



 Securities
												



 Sports
												



 Tax
												



 Technology
												



 Telecommunications
												



 Texas
												



 Transportation
												



 Trials
												



 White Collar
												




No Thanks
Sign up now





Thank You!













