


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











HGK Asset Management, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:53 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of HGK Asset Management, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
HGK Asset Management, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. It primarily provides its services to other pooled investment vehicles. The firm also caters to individuals, high net worth individuals, investment companies, charitable organizations, corporations, and State or municipal government entities. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative investments markets across the globe. The firm primarily makes its alternative investments in private debt instruments and supplemental fixed income strategies. It primarily invests i...
HGK Asset Management, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. It primarily provides its services to other pooled investment vehicles. The firm also caters to individuals, high net worth individuals, investment companies, charitable organizations, corporations, and State or municipal government entities. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative investments markets across the globe. The firm primarily makes its alternative investments in private debt instruments and supplemental fixed income strategies. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies across all capitalizations and core stocks of large cap companies. The firm employs a fundamental and a quantitative analysis along with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. For its fixed income securities, the firm invests in treasury, agency, corporate, mortgage backed securities, and asset backed securities. It benchmarks the performance of its fixed income portfolios against Barclays Capital Government/Credit Index and Merrill Lynch 1 - 3 Year Domestic Master. The firm also employs a conservative approach to make its investments. HGK Asset Management was founded in June 1983 and is based in Jersey City, New Jersey with an additional office in Southport, Connecticut.
Detailed Description


525 Washington BoulevardNewport TowerSuite 2000Jersey City, NJ 07310United StatesFounded in 1983



Phone: 201-659-3700

Fax: 201-659-4566

www.hgk.com







Key Executives for HGK Asset Management, Inc.




Mr. Michael Pendergast CFA


      	CEO, Chief Investment Officer, Managing Partner, MD - Equity Investments & Director
      








Mr. David C. Hauck CPA


      	COO, Chief Compliance Officer, Managing Partner & Director
      








Mr. Anthony P. Santoliquido


      	Managing Partner, Director, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Eric Fuhrman CFA


      	Portfolio Manager, Managing Partner, and Director
      








Mr. Andrew L. Rothstein CFA


      	Portfolio Manager, Member of the Board of Director, and Managing Partner
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact HGK Asset Management, Inc., please visit www.hgk.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.



HGK Asset Management, Inc. : Top Money Managers  






International - HGK Asset Management




































 

















International equity








International

HGK’s International Equity strategies employ a bottom-up, fundamental research driven, and concentrated investment approach built on decades of global investing experience. A vast majority of the research for the International and Global strategies is created in house, based mainly from extensive company visits each year. The team typically invests in companies that are undergoing significant strategic transformations or in companies whose operational capabilities are undervalued by the market.
The portfolios are constructed on an index-agnostic basis, but with absolute limits on country and sector exposure. Securities are generally in the mid to large capitalization range in major markets and are roughly equal-weighted at inception of the position.
Trinity Street Asset Management, based in London, England provides sub-advisory services to HGK’s clients in managing their international and global equity portfolios.
International Equity




Market Cap Range
Benchmark
Number of Holdings
Minimum Institutional
Investments




Any Market
Capitalization
MSCI EAFE Index (net)
30 – 40
$1 million


































Small Cap Value - HGK Asset Management




































 

















Value equity








Small Cap Value

HGK’s value driven and risk averse domestic equity investment process has been employed in its current form since 1990. The equity team screens for disciplined companies with improving cash flows selling below their discounted present value. Rigorous qualitative fundamental analysis is applied to make the final security selection. During this analysis, the equity team focuses on undervalued companies that operate from a position of competitive advantage and whose management team understands the principles of shareholder wealth creation.
In order to reduce portfolio volatility the funds maintain exposure to all major industry sectors. Each fund strategy maintains guidelines that limit its sector allocations to between 50% and 150% of a designated market benchmark. Additionally, this process serves to reduce systematic risk and allows HGK’s superior stock picking abilities to generate alpha for its clients.
Small Cap Value Equity




Market Cap Range
Number of Holdings
Minimum Institutional
Investments




> $200 million – $4 billion
65 – 75
$1 million


































Short Duration - HGK Asset Management




































 

















Fixed income








Short Duration

HGK’s fixed income investment process focuses on the active management of spread and credit risk in lieu of interest rate risk. By utilizing extensive credit research, economic models, security option-adjusted analysis, HGK is able to identify and capitalize on opportunities and pricing inefficiencies in the bond market.
Within the course of this active portfolio management, HGK employs balanced portfolio construction with exposure to all broad sectors (Treasury, Agency, Corporate, MBS, ABS) of the fixed income market as a means of reducing volatility of returns relative to portfolio benchmarks. Portfolio duration is maintained between 90% and 110% of the benchmark in order to limit the portion of relative performance tied to an interest rate forecast, leaving sector allocation and individual security selection as the primary drivers of relative performance.
Short Duration Fixed Income




Maturity
Benchmark
Number of Holdings
Minimum Institutional
Investments




1 – 3 years of maturity
Merrill Lynch 1 – 3
Year Domestic Master
100 – 110
$1 million


































Global - HGK Asset Management




































 

















International equity








Global

HGK’s International Equity strategies employ a bottom-up, fundamental research driven, and concentrated investment approach built on decades of global investing experience. A vast majority of the research for the International and Global strategies is created in house, based mainly from extensive company visits each year. The team typically invests in companies that are undergoing significant strategic transformations or in companies whose operational capabilities are undervalued by the market.
The portfolios are constructed on an index-agnostic basis, but with absolute limits on country and sector exposure. Securities are generally in the mid to large capitalization range in major markets and are roughly equal-weighted at inception of the position.
Trinity Street Asset Management, based in London, England provides sub-advisory services to HGK’s clients in managing their international and global equity portfolios.
Global Equity




Market Cap Range
Benchmark
Number of Holdings
Minimum Institutional
Investments




Any Market Capitalization
MSCI Global
(net, local currency)
30 – 40
$1 million































Hgk Asset Management, Inc.                                                                                               - Jersey City                                       , NJ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



Jersey City



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Hgk Asset Management, Inc.
                                    



 





















H 


Hgk Asset Management, Inc.                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



525 WASHINGTON BLVD # 2000 JERSEY CITY, NJ 07310
Get Directions



(201) 659-3700
www.hgk.com                                                                                             





Business Info



 Founded 1983
 Incorporated NY
 Annual Revenue $5,400,937.00
 Employee Count 23
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Jeffrey Harris                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Hgk Asset Management, Inc.                                                                                               was founded in 1983, and is located at 525 Washington Blvd # 2000 in Jersey City. Additional information is available at www.hgk.com                                                                                              or by contacting Jeffrey Harris                                                                                                           at (201) 659-3700. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Large Cap Value - HGK Asset Management




































 

















Value equity








Large Cap Value

HGK’s value driven and risk averse domestic equity investment process has been employed in its current form since 1990. The equity team screens for disciplined companies with improving cash flows selling below their discounted present value. Rigorous qualitative fundamental analysis is applied to make the final security selection. During this analysis, the equity team focuses on undervalued companies that operate from a position of competitive advantage and whose management team understands the principles of shareholder wealth creation.
In order to reduce portfolio volatility the funds maintain exposure to all major industry sectors. Each fund strategy maintains guidelines that limit its sector allocations to between 50% and 150% of a designated market benchmark. Additionally, this process serves to reduce systematic risk and allows HGK’s superior stock picking abilities to generate alpha for its clients.
Large Cap Value Equity




Market Cap Range
Number of Holdings
Minimum Institutional
Investments




> $8 Billion
45 – 55
$1 million


































HGK Asset Management | Creating Value For Our Clients






































 




















Consistent and Disciplined 
Philosophy
People
Process
Principles
 






Creating Value For Our Clients Since 1983

HGK Asset Management is an independent registered Investment Advisor located in Jersey City, New Jersey. Founded in 1983, HGK is 100% employee owned with portfolio managers averaging over 20 years of investment experience and 15 years tenure with the firm.
HGK manages over $2.5 billion for more than 200 clients worldwide. The firm seeks to add value for clients by investing in undervalued securities in all of its investment disciplines.






Core Principles

Employee owned
Experienced professionals
Home grown investment team
Analytical, idea driven culture
Enduring client partnerships
Long term focus
 


























Operations Archives - HGK Asset Management
































 

















Our Team








Operations






David C. Hauck, CPA Managing Partner  Chief Financial Officer  Chief Compliance Officer









David C. Hauck, CPA Managing Partner  Chief Financial Officer  Chief Compliance Officer

David Hauck is a Managing Partner, serving as HGK’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer. He is responsible for managing the administrative, financial, and compliance operations at the Firm. Dave has been with HGK since 1999 and has more than 32 years of investment experience. Prior to joining HGK, he held senior institutional sales positions at Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette, Kidder Peabody, L.F. Rothschild, and Prudential Bache; additionally, Dave was an Audit Supervisor at Touche Ross.
David earned a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from C.W. Post College. He earned his Certified Public Accountant designation in 1981. Dave is a member of HGK’s Board of Directors.









JoAnn Conry Vice President  Operations 









JoAnn Conry Vice President  Operations 

JoAnn Conry is Vice President of Operations. JoAnn manages the back office operations department, overseeing trade settlements, account reconciliations, and client reporting.
She has been with the Firm since 1988.









Brandon Slywka IT Manager









Brandon Slywka IT Manager

Brandon Slywka is HGK’s Information Technology Manager. Brandon is responsible for the implementation, support, and maintenance of all of the Firm’s Information Technology Infrastructure. He has been with the Firm since 2010; for five years prior to this, Brandon was performing IT consulting for HGK through a third-party computer services firm. Brandon gained experience in network troubleshooting and implementation while working for various computer services firms and complex contract based projects.
Brandon has earned CompTIA A+ , Network +, VMware VCP and Microsoft MCSE Server 2012 certifications. He is currently working towards his Security + and CISSP certifications.









Angela Puglissi Trade Support Specialist









Angela Puglissi Trade Support Specialist

Angela Puglissi is a Trade Support Specialist. She is responsible for the confirmation and settlement of all equity and fixed income trades. Angela also assists with client support and record retention.
She has been with the Firm since 1990.









Maria Sosa Accounting Specialist 









Maria Sosa Accounting Specialist 

Maria Sosa is an Accounting Specialist, responsible for accounts payable, accounts receivable, and accounting for travel and entertainment expenses at HGK. She joined the Firm in 2007.
Prior to working at HGK, Maria worked at Chase Bank, K. Hovnanian Homes, and Medco.
































Contact - HGK Asset Management





































 



















Get Directions › Contact Us





Contact




HGK Asset Management, Inc.
525 Washington Blvd. Suite 2000, Jersey City, NJ 07310
P. 201.659.3700    |    F. 201.659.4566

Location & Directions
HGK’s office is located in Newport Tower in Pavonia Newport, Jersey City,
NJ. The offices are easily accessible by both car and public transportation.

Parking
When visiting the HGK office, parking is easily available in the Newport Centre Mall. When approaching the building, follow signs for Mall Parking. Once the car is parked, you can enter Newport Tower through the mall.

Public Transportation
Additionally, HGK is located directly across the street from the Pavonia/Newport PATH Station. Trains coming from both New York City and Newark stop at this station. Upon exiting the PATH Station, cross Washington Blvd. and Newport Tower is directly in front of you.
 View Map›
















































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































