 



Chipotle Names Four New Directors as Part of Board Refresh Initiative | Business Wire


























































      Chipotle Names Four New Directors as Part of Board Refresh Initiative
    



      Paul Cappuccio, Robin Hickenlooper, Ali Namvar and Matthew Paull Join 
      Chipotle Board of Directors
    





December 16, 2016 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Chipotle Mexican Grill (NYSE: CMG) has named four new members to its 
      Board of Directors: Paul T. Cappuccio, Robin S. Hickenlooper, Ali Namvar 
      and Matthew Paull, effective December 14, 2016. The new Directors will 
      serve an initial term through Chipotle’s 2017 Annual Meeting of 
      Shareholders, and the Board of Directors currently consists of twelve 
      members.
    


      “Chipotle has enjoyed extraordinary success for most of our 23-year 
      history, and it is important to us that we structure the company to 
      enjoy similar success in the future,” said Steve Ells, Founder, Chairman 
      and CEO of Chipotle. “The addition of these new directors strengthens 
      our Board of Directors, and gives us the oversight, accountability and 
      leadership we need as we continue our efforts to reestablish Chipotle as 
      the leader we have been for much of our history.”
    

      Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P. CEO William A. Ackman said, “We 
      are pleased that Chipotle has taken the important step of refreshing its 
      Board which will position the company for continued growth and long-term 
      success. We look forward to working with the Board and management to 
      create sustained value for all shareholders for many years to come.”
    

      In connection with the appointments, Chipotle and Pershing Square have 
      agreed to various provisions continuing at least until prior to the 2019 
      Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The full agreements with Pershing Square 
      will be filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
    

      ABOUT THE NOMINEES
    

      Mr. Cappuccio has served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
      of Time Warner since 2001. In this capacity, he oversees the worldwide 
      management of Time Warner’s legal functions, collaborating with all of 
      its operating businesses. From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Cappuccio was Senior 
      Vice President and General Counsel at America Online. Before joining 
      AOL, he was a Partner at the Washington, DC office of law firm Kirkland 
      & Ellis, where he specialized in telecommunications law, appellate 
      litigation, and negotiation with government agencies. From 1991 to 1993, 
      Mr. Cappuccio was Associate Deputy Attorney General at the United States 
      Department of Justice, where he advised Attorney General William P. Barr 
      on matters relating to judicial selection, civil litigation, antitrust 
      and civil rights. Prior to his service at the DOJ, Mr. Cappuccio served 
      as law clerk at the United States Supreme Court for Justices Antonin 
      Scalia and Anthony M. Kennedy, and as a law clerk to Judge Alex Kozinski 
      of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in Pasadena, 
      Calif. He earned his law degree from Harvard Law School in 1986, and a 
      Bachelor’s degree from Georgetown University in 1983. Mr. Cappuccio 
      brings significant large public company experience to the board, 
      including significant transactional, financial, strategic, and corporate 
      governance experience.
    

      Mrs. Hickenlooper, Senior Vice President of Corporate Development at 
      Liberty Global, has served in senior corporate development roles at 
      Liberty since 2010. She also serves as Senior Vice President of 
      Corporate Development for Liberty Media. Prior to joining Liberty, she 
      worked in the strategic planning and business development group at Del 
      Monte Foods and in investment banking at Thomas Weisel Partners. Mrs. 
      Hickenlooper holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the 
      Kellogg School of Management, and a Bachelor’s degree in Public Policy 
      from Duke University. Mrs. Hickenlooper brings to the board significant 
      corporate development and financial expertise.
    

      Mr. Namvar is a Partner at Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P., a 
      registered investment advisor with more than $11 billion in assets under 
      management and currently Chipotle’s largest investor. Mr. Namvar joined 
      Pershing Square in 2006 and has been a major contributor to the firm’s 
      growth. He brings more than a decade of experience investing in publicly 
      traded, branded consumer products and restaurant companies. Mr. Namvar 
      has played an instrumental role in a number of Pershing Square 
      investments over the years, including its significant equity stakes in 
      Fortune Brands, Beam, McDonald’s, Procter & Gamble, Wendy’s 
      International, Kraft Foods and Mondelez International, among others. 
      Prior to joining Pershing Square, Mr. Namvar served as a Vice President 
      at the Blackstone Group in its corporate advisory practice, where he 
      advised corporate boards and investment firms on a wide range of 
      shareholder value-enhancing transactions. Prior to joining Blackstone, 
      Mr. Namvar worked in the investment banking division at Goldman Sachs. 
      He graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree from 
      Columbia University, New York, and earned his Master’s degree in 
      Business Administration from the Wharton School at the University of 
      Pennsylvania. Mr. Namvar brings to the board a significant understanding 
      of strategy, governance and finance within the restaurant industry.
    

      Mr. Paull was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of 
      McDonald’s Corp. from 2001 until he retired from that position in 2008. 
      Before joining McDonald’s in 1993, Mr. Paull was a Partner at Ernst & 
      Young, where he managed a variety of financial practices over the course 
      of his 18-year career, and consulted with a number of notable 
      multinational companies. Mr. Paull currently serves as a member of the 
      board of Air Products, where he chairs the Audit and Finance Committee 
      and is a member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and 
      the Executive Committee, a member of the board of Canadian Pacific where 
      he chairs the Audit Committee and is a member of the Finance Committee, 
      a member of the board of KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp., and was a 
      former member of the board of WMS Industries and Best Buy Co. Mr. Paull 
      previously served on Chipotle's Board when it was owned by McDonald’s. 
      He currently serves on the advisory board of Pershing Square Capital 
      Management, L.P. Mr. Paull holds a Bachelor’s degree and a Master’s 
      degree in Accounting from the University of Illinois. Mr. Paull brings 
      to the board significant experience in the restaurant industry and 
      financial expertise, including deep understanding of financial markets, 
      corporate finance, accounting and controls, and investor relations.
    

ABOUT CHIPOTLE


      Steve Ells, Founder, Chairman and CEO, started Chipotle with the idea 
      that food served fast did not have to be a typical fast food experience. 
      Today, Chipotle continues to offer a focused menu of burritos, tacos, 
      burrito bowls, and salads made from fresh, high-quality raw ingredients, 
      prepared using classic cooking methods and served in an interactive 
      style allowing people to get exactly what they want. Chipotle seeks out 
      extraordinary ingredients that are not only fresh, but that are raised 
      responsibly, with respect for the animals, land, and people who produce 
      them. Chipotle prepares its food using whole, unprocessed ingredients 
      and without the use of added colors, flavors or other additives 
      typically found in fast food. Chipotle opened with a single restaurant 
      in Denver in 1993 and now operates more than 2,200 restaurants. For more 
      information, visit Chipotle.com.
    




Contacts

      Chipotle Mexican GrillChris Arnold, 303-222-5912carnold@chipotle.com













Contacts

      Chipotle Mexican GrillChris Arnold, 303-222-5912carnold@chipotle.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















FTD Robin S. Hickenlooper Insider Trades for FTD Cos. Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































FTD Cos. Inc.

                  NASDAQ: FTD
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

FTD Cos. Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:29 p.m.


FTD

/quotes/zigman/22105005/composite


$
19.44




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 1,436
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/22105005/composite
Today's close

$
			19.61
		


$
				19.44
			
Change

-0.17
-0.87%





Day low
Day high
$19.21
$19.99










52 week low
52 week high

            $16.63
        

            $26.19
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Robin S. Hickenlooper



Ms. Robin S. Hickenlooper is on the Board of Directors at Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. and FTD Cos., Inc. Ms. Hickenlooper was previously employed as Senior Vice President-Corporate Development by Liberty Media Corp. She also served on the board at Sirius XM Radio, Inc. She received her undergraduate degree from Duke University and an MBA from Kellogg School of Management.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/06/2017
7,119


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. John C. Walden 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Stephen  Tucker 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Joseph R. Topper 
EVP-Technology & Customer Experience Management




Ms. Helen  Quinn 
Executive Vice President-US Consumer Floral




Mr. Eric J. Vratimos 
Executive Vice President-Gifting




Mr. Tom D. Moeller 
Executive Vice President-Florist Division




Mr. Christopher W. Shean 
Director




Ms. Robin S. Hickenlooper 
Director




Mr. Jeffrey D. T. Severts 
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Katie  Turner 
Head-Investor Relations




Ms. Amy  Toosley 
Head-Media & Press Relations




Ms. Patricia A. Carl 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Scott D. Levin 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Robert H. Berglass 
Non-Executive Chairman




Dr. Tracey L. Belcourt 
Independent Director




Ms. Sue Ann R. Hamilton 
Independent Director




Mr. Candace H. Duncan 
Independent Director




Mr. Dennis F. Holt 
Independent Director




Mr. James T. Armstrong 
Independent Director




Mr. Joseph William Harch 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:54 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































 
Who is the new Mrs. Hickenlooper? – The Denver Post








































 

  




























eEdition
Subscribe/Members
Newsletters
Obituaries
 











The Denver Post












			Who is the new Mrs. Hickenlooper?		



Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) 








			Trending:		










 

 
 

PoliticsDenver Politics



			Who is the new Mrs. Hickenlooper?		

Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window)DENVER, CO - FEBRUARY 16:  The new First Lady of Colorado Robin Pringle (who is in the process of changing her name to Robin Hickenlooper) talked about her life  with Molly Hughes from The Denver Post from the Governor's office at the state capitol in Denver on Tuesday, February 16, 2016. Pringle and Governor John Hickenlooper were just married in January of this year. (Photo by Cyrus McCrimmon/ The Denver Post) DENVER â   Saturday, Jan. 16, 2016 â   Gov. John Hickenlooper and Robin Pringle married today in a small ceremony at St. Andrews Episcopal Church in Denver. The couple was surrounded by family and friends.Photo credit: Evan Semon PhotographyRobin Pringle HickenlooperShow Caption of ExpandBy John Frank | jfrank@denverpost.com | The Denver PostPUBLISHED: February 25, 2016 at 5:08 am | UPDATED: July 25, 2016 at 3:22 pm




Sign up for newsletters and alerts



Submit your news tips or photos



Most Popular




			Colorado Divide: Isolated mountain towns struggle to survive with authentic identities without becoming tourist traps		





			Michael Bennet, yelling on Senate floor, says Donald Trump doesn’t care or know what’s in the GOP health care bill		





			The night John McCain killed the GOP’s health care fight		





			Broncos QBs air it out during second day of training camp, Von Miller entertains crowd		





			Want a tiny home? Two dozen are rolling into a Colorado festival this weekend		





			Reconciling class differences in divided nation		









Days before she assumed the title as Colorado’s first lady, Robin Pringle Hickenlooper, made what amounted to her political debut at the governor’s annual address to lawmakers.
Subtle but sure, in an understated white dress and colorful scarf, she made her way to the front row to sit with other special guests, shaking hands and greeting familiar faces, not unlike the politicians next to her.
Gov. John Hickenlooper, still gushing from their recent engagement, made a point to single her out in the address “as the most beautiful woman in Colorado.” And at the end, the two left the chamber  showered in rice tossed by lawmakers as an early wedding send-off.
Her presence at the speech marked a departure from the prior first lady and signaled a willingness to embrace the role, even as she balances her own career as a top-ranking woman in what she calls a man’s world.
DENVER, CO – FEBRUARY 16:  The new First Lady of Colorado Robin Pringle (who is in the process of changing her name to Robin Hickenlooper) talked about her life  with Molly Hughes from The Denver Post from the Governor’s office at the state capitol in Denver on Tuesday, February 16, 2016. Pringle and Governor John Hickenlooper were just married in January of this year. (Photo by Cyrus McCrimmon/ The Denver Post)
A career in corporate  acquisitions and investment prepared Hickenlooper well for a political life, but she remains cautious about stepping into the public spotlight. She is slow to share her own story, feeling the new weight in her words, and avoids discussion of her own political ideology.
WATCH: Robin Hickenlooper’s full interview with The Denver Post
“It’s all different for me. I get nervous and I represent John,” she said, referring to the governor. “And the most painful thing for me is for people to say bad things about John, so I just have to be a little careful.”
How she envisions her new role as first lady remains unsettled in her mind. “It’s something that I’m still thinking about,” she said. “To the extent I can … I want to be by his side and enjoy everything with him. I’m more than happy to go out there.”
Born Robin Stevens Pringle, she grew up outside San Francisco as the oldest of three children. Her mother left her teaching career to raise a family and her father works at a  high-dollar law practice as an  expert in antitrust litigation and attorney for prominent companies. The 37-year-old changed her name after marrying the governor.


One of the most pivotal moments in her life came in ninth grade when she applied to the exclusive Phillips Exeter Academy, a boarding school in New Hampshire that counts Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg among its graduates.
She applied on her own, only telling her parents after she was accepted. “It was just this sheer determination to make it happen and I did,” she said. “It gave me a sense of independence and it opened my mind to all sorts of possible experiences.”
It’s a drive that she connects to successes throughout her career, and even her brief stint as an amateur triathlete.
When she graduated from business school in 2008, she wanted another change and moved to Denver. She describes landing her job at Liberty Media in Englewood as “a fluke.”
“I went in and interviewed and they said they never had job openings,” she told a Wake Forest University student in a video posted to YouTube. “I said, ‘Great.’ I just kept going back in for interviews and one day someone quit and they just gave me the job.”
In nearly eight years, she climbed to her current position as vice president of corporate development for Liberty Media, where she identifies investment opportunities in media and e-commerce companies and helps guide the company’s broad portfolio.
“She’s real smart, but as important to me she’s trustworthy,” said Jim Meyer, CEO at Sirius XM, who worked with Hickenlooper, given Liberty Media’s controlling stake in the company. “And when she says she’s going to do something, she does it.”
Through her company, Pringle helps leads an effort sponsored by Liberty Media called the Women’s eCommerce Network, which pairs female entrepreneurs with veteran business leaders. Mentoring women in the business world is one of her passions but whether she will champion the issue as first lady remains unclear.
“That will sort of evolve,” Hickenlooper said. For now, “it’s really just sort of baby steps into the role. Let people get to know me, let me get to know the role, the people of Colorado, and then, (I will) decide what the most effective way is, if I think there is a reason to kind of dive into an issue.”
The governor and his new wife orbited the same social circles for years —  and met a handful of times —  but only came together by chance in late 2013 at the Museum of Contemporary Art’s Luminosity fundraising gala.
She recounted the story in the governor’s office one recent day, glowing and nervous in the light of The Denver Post’s video cameras recording the interview.
“I sat down and I was waiting there,” she started, only to see the governor walk in the room for an impromptu visit. Unable to stand with the microphone attached to her dress, she lifted her arms to hug him and he leaned down to kiss her.
“I didn’t want to interrupt, but I couldn’t resist,” he said with a huge grin. “I just was passing by and heard the voices.”
Asked about his marriage, the governor said: “I could not be happier. I feel blessed and lucky. I keep telling people I feel like the blind squirrel that found an acorn.”
She rolled  her eyes, blushing.
When he exited, she resumed the story. “Honestly there were like 2,000 people in the room —  it was a warehouse and a huge party and the room went silent and I forgot who I was and I couldn’t stop talking,”she said.
Months after the museum gala, the two began dating, privately at first, and then the governor  introduced her as his girlfriend at a party in December 2014. A year later,  he proposed. The couple married Jan. 16 in  a small ceremonyin Denver.
Before meeting the governor, Hickenlooper said she never before fell in love and started to doubt it existed for her.
“Your friends say, ‘Oh, it is going to happen one day,'” she said. “And I’m three and a half decades into my life and I haven’t even found someone to introduce to my parents and you don’t believe it.
“And then all of the sudden it does, and you stop thinking about whether he’s the one and it’s so natural,” she continued, emotional as she talked.
Her friends say they can see the difference.
“It’s just so magical to see her fall in love with John, and have John love her so much,” said Emma Fuerst Frelinghuysen, a longtime friend who met Hickenlooper in San Francisco after college.
It is the governor’s second marriage. He separated from his first wife, author Helen Thorpe, in July 2012 after being married for a decade, though they didn’t divorce until 2014. The couple have a son, Teddy, 13.
Robin Hickenlooper said Thorpe, who attended the new couple’s wedding, “has been incredibly welcoming … from the very start” and offered her advice along the way.
Thorpe  shunned the role of first lady when the governor took office in January 2011. She remained mostly “elusive,” as she put it, and avoided the traditional functions that come with the job.
A week ago, Robin Hickenlooper attended an event with first ladies from other states at the White House, where she met Michelle Obama.
Hickenlooper is reticent to describe her personal politics. She described her upbringing in a “liberal environment” only to scold herself. “Gosh, I shouldn’t have used a politically charged word,” she said.
Once a registered Republican, she now is unaffiliated and describes herself as an independent. Again, she declined to elaborate. She has donated to Republican State Treasurer Walker Stapleton and two other Republicans in recent years, but otherwise puts her money behind Democrats, including a $2,700 maximum contribution to U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet and a $1,000 check to Clinton in 2015, according to federal and state campaign finance records.
“I see both sides,” she said.
But she is not entirely comfortable with the political arena.  “Oh my golly, it’s so hard for me,” she said, taking a folksy tone as she did often in the interview. “It’s always takes my breath away and stings a little. “
Hickenlooper said she doesn’t put much thought into her husband’s political future and how it will balance with her career. But she said she’s “totally supportive (of) whatever John wants to achieve in life.”
The age difference, she said, is the biggest misunderstanding about their relationship. “I think anybody who actually knows me thinks I’m older than he is, so it doesn’t actually phase most people once they spend an hour with us because I’m a fairly old soul,” she said.
She considers herself “a friend” to Teddy —  “I’m not an instant mom,” she said —  and is not sure whether she will have children of her own.
“Maybe,” she said. “Who knows? I really have the attitude, I’ve rolled with things my whole life and made the most of what I’ve been given. So if God gave us children, that would be wonderful. My golly, I would love to have somebody with John’s blood who was my child and with his personality. But also if we didn’t there’s a lot of wonderful things you can do with your life.”
John Frank: 303-954-2409, jfrank@denverpost.com or @ByJohnFrank
Staff researcher Vickie Makings contributed to this report.
Biography
Robin Stevens Pringle Hickenlooper, 37
Job: Liberty Interactive, Vice President of Corporate Development
Hometown: Tiburon, outside San Francisco, Calif.
High School: Phillips Exeter Academy, N.H., 1996
College: Duke University, bachelor’s of arts in public policy, 2000
Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University, master’s of business administration, 2008
Other affiliations:
Member, Board of Directors, FTD Companies
Member, Board of Directors, Quid
Board Adviser, Taste Made
Adviser, Rich Talent Group
Co-founder, Women’s eCommerce Network
Trustee, Clyfford Still Museum
Term Member, Council on Foreign Relations
Member, LibertyGives Foundation


More in Politics Video






 






			Trump now agrees with the majority of Americans: He wasn’t ready to be president		



April 28, 2017, 10:37 pm



			Donald Trump spent a great portion of 2016 insisting that being president would be easy – at least for him.		








 






			Charity worker in Cairo jail for three years freed after Trump administration negotiated release		



April 21, 2017, 9:52 am



			An Egyptian American charity worker who was imprisoned in Cairo for three years and became the global face of Egypt’s brutal crackdown on civil society returned home to the United States late Thursday after the Trump administration quietly negotiated her release.		








 






			As battle to replace Ed Perlmutter takes shape, Republicans eye elusive congressional district		



May 23, 2017, 11:25 pm



			The question facing state Sen. Andy Kerr, state Rep. Brittany Pettersen or anyone else who wants to capture Colorado’s 7th Congressional District is how Perlmutter has managed to dominate that seat for so long.		








 






			Neil Gorsuch takes oath of office to become Supreme Court justice		



April 10, 2017, 4:21 pm



			Colorado native Neil Gorsuch was sworn into the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday as part of two separate ceremonies in the nation’s capital — once with Chief Justice John Roberts at the high court and another with President Donald Trump in the White House.		











Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			


























 
John Hickenlooper engaged to girlfriend Robin Pringle – The Denver Post









































 

  




























eEdition
Subscribe/Members
Newsletters
Obituaries
 











The Denver Post












			John Hickenlooper engaged to girlfriend Robin…		



Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) 








			Trending:		










 

 
 

Lifestyle



			John Hickenlooper engaged to girlfriend Robin Pringle		

Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window)

 
						Robin Pringle and Gov. John Hickenlooper were engaged over the holidays.		

By Joey Bunch | jbunch@denverpost.com | The Denver PostPUBLISHED: December 29, 2015 at 3:09 am | UPDATED: December 16, 2016 at 9:30 am




Sign up for newsletters and alerts



Submit your news tips or photos



Most Popular




			Colorado Divide: Isolated mountain towns struggle to survive with authentic identities without becoming tourist traps		





			Michael Bennet, yelling on Senate floor, says Donald Trump doesn’t care or know what’s in the GOP health care bill		





			The night John McCain killed the GOP’s health care fight		





			Broncos QBs air it out during second day of training camp, Von Miller entertains crowd		





			Want a tiny home? Two dozen are rolling into a Colorado festival this weekend		





			Reconciling class differences in divided nation		








Gov. John Hickenlooper got a jump on ringing in the new year by offering an engagement ring to girlfriend Robin Pringle over the Christmas holiday.
She said yes. 
Pringle, 37, is vice president of corporate development for Liberty Media in Douglas County. The pair have been dating for more than a year. She was introduced as his girlfriend at a holiday party at the Governor’s Mansion in 2014.
“Yes, I have been dating a young woman named Robin Pringle,” he said at the time. “We met more than a year ago but only started dating some months ago, almost, as sometimes happens, by accident.”
Hickenlooper, 63, was married for 10 years to author Helen Thorpe, separating in July 2012. They have a son,  Teddy, who is 13, and have remained friends. She  attended the inauguration for his second term last year.
Pringle is  on the boards of the Clyfford Still Museum and the Colorado Innovation Network. The French-American Foundation of the United States included her in its  2013 class of young leaders.
She  has  a bachelor’s degree in public policy from Duke University in 2000 and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in 2008.
No date for the wedding has been set.




More in Politics






 






			The night John McCain killed the GOP’s health care fight		



July 28, 2017, 11:11 am



			It was the most dramatic night in the United States Senate in recent history. Just ask the senators who witnessed it.		








 






			Trump’s travel ban is leaving orphans stuck in refugee camps		



July 28, 2017, 8:04 pm



			On July 19, the Supreme Court allowed the Trump administration’s travel ban to stand, leaving about 100 unaccompanied minor refugees stranded overseas.		








 






			Trump appears to advocate rough police treatment of suspects		



July 28, 2017, 9:21 pm



			Talking tough on illegal immigration and violent crime, President Donald Trump appeared Friday to advocate rougher treatment of people in police custody, speaking dismissively of arresting officers who protect the heads of handcuffed suspects while putting them in patrol cars.		








 






			Trump tweets he’s naming Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly as chief of staff, ousting Reince Priebus		



July 28, 2017, 3:45 pm



			Trump tweets he is naming Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly as chief of staff, ousting Reince Priebus.		











Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			

































Robin S. Hickenlooper - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robin S. Hickenlooper
Board Member at Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Robin S. Hickenlooper? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robin S. Hickenlooper's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robin S. Hickenlooper's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robin S. Hickenlooper's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robin S. Hickenlooper through your network of contacts.
												








Robin S. Hickenlooper's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.


Past
To view Robin S. Hickenlooper's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
38

 
 


Robin S. Hickenlooper's Biography



Robin S. Hickenlooper has served as one of our directors since her appointment on December 31, 2014 in connection with the closing of the Acquisition. Ms. Hickenlooper has been Senior Vice President, Corporate Development of Liberty since January 2017. Ms. Hickenlooper served as Vice President, Corporate Development of Liberty from January 2013 to December 2016. Ms. Hickenlooper served as a Director, Corporate Development of Liberty from January 2010 to December 2012, and as a Manager, Corporate Development from July 2008 to December 2010. Ms. Hickenlooper also serves as the Senior Vice President, Corporate Development of Liberty Media Corpor ...
(Read More)

			Robin S. Hickenlooper has served as one of our directors since her appointment on December 31, 2014 in connection with the closing of the Acquisition. Ms. Hickenlooper has been Senior Vice President, Corporate Development of Liberty since January 2017. Ms. Hickenlooper served as Vice President, Corporate Development of Liberty from January 2013 to December 2016. Ms. Hickenlooper served as a Director, Corporate Development of Liberty from January 2010 to December 2012, and as a Manager, Corporate Development from July 2008 to December 2010. Ms. Hickenlooper also serves as the Senior Vice President, Corporate Development of Liberty Media Corporation. Prior to joining Liberty, she worked in the Strategic Planning and Business Development group at Del Monte Foods and in investment banking at Thomas Weisel Partners. She currently serves on the board of directors of Chipotle Grill, Inc. and served as a director of Sirius XM Radio Inc. from January 18, 2013 to September 9, 2013. Ms. Hickenlooper has a Masters of Business Administration from Kellogg School of Management and a Bachelor's degree in public policy from Duke University. Ms. Hickenlooper brings to our Board of Directors significant corporate development and financial experience. Ms. Hickenlooper is a Liberty designee and was appointed pursuant to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement.
		
Source: FTD Companies, Inc. on 03/30/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robin S. Hickenlooper's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robin S. Hickenlooper. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robin S. Hickenlooper's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robin S. Hickenlooper's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robin S. Hickenlooper through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robin S. Hickenlooper


















Robin S. Hickenlooper's Connections (55)





Sign up now to view Robin S. Hickenlooper's 55 connections »









Patrick L. Donnelly
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Sirius XM Holdings Inc.









Montgomery F. Moran
Former Employee, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.









David M. Zaslav
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Discovery Communications, Inc.









Stephen E. Gillett
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Symantec Corporation









Gregory B. Maffei
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, Liberty









Dara F. Altman
Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, Sirius XM Holdings Inc.









David J. Frear
Former Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Sirius XM Holdings Inc.









Michael J. Silverstein
Former Board Member, FTD Companies, Inc.









Candace H. Duncan
Former Board Member, Discover Financial Services









Evan D. Malone
Board Member, Liberty








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






















Robin S. Hickenlooper appointed to Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. Board.
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Ms. Robin S. HickenlooperSenior Vice President of Corporate Development, Liberty GlobalEnglewood, COHickenlooper has served in senior corporate development roles at Liberty, a media company, since 2010. Prior to Liberty she worked in the strategic planning and business development group at Del Monte Foods and in investment banking at Thomas Weisel Partners. Also joining the board, in accordance with an agreement between Chipotle and Pershing Square Capital Management LP, are Matthew Paull, retired SVP and CFO of McDonald's Corp., and Pershing Square Partner Ali Namvar.2017 First QuarterAdded to: Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. - Denver, COChipotle operates Mexican food restaurants. Revenues are $4 billion.















 















 









Robin S. Hickenlooper , Liberty Global plc - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Robin S. Hickenlooper  
Senior Vice President, Corporate DevelopmentLiberty Global plc
Telephone, Address, and Education History available

Total Positions available: 3

Networking Information:
(2 additional affiliated positions)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership® Companies Premium The Leadership Library® Leadership Networks®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            







Meet Robin Pringle, Who's Marrying Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper | Westword


































 






menu
 

Meet Robin Pringle, Who's Marrying Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper





Online Fundraiser Defends Alleged Capitol Hill White Supremacist Will Planer













 Remember Me
SIGN IN ›
Forgot Password?



Or sign in with a social account:
FACEBOOK
GOOGLE +
TWITTER
YAHOO!

 


                    Don't have an account yet?
                    Sign Up ›



 




Connect. Discover. Share.


                    Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all-access pass to everything local on events, music, restaurants, news and more.
                


Enter your email or sign up with a social account to get started

FACEBOOK
TWITTER
GOOGLE+
YAHOO!










Privacy Policy
SIGN UP ›



Already registered? Login ›









*Email


*Username

*Password

Name


*Zipcode

DONE




 




MVN

Sign In ›
Don't have an account yet?
Sign Up ›

 
Facebook





Twitter

Follow @denverwestword



Other







 










Michael Roberts





Meet Robin Pringle, Who's Marrying Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper


Wednesday, January 13, 2016 at 8:14 a.m.


By Michael Roberts







Robin Pringle and Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper. Additional photos and a video below.
Courtesy of Governor John Hickenlooper
 


A
A


Facebook-

Twitter

-


More shares

recommend
reddit
email


-
Print Article


On Saturday, in what's described as a small, private ceremony, Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper will marry his fiancee, Robin Pringle.It's only been a couple of weeks since Hickenlooper, who separated from his first wife, Helen Thorpe, in July 2012, announced his engagement to Pringle. He's said to have proposed over the Christmas holiday.But Pringle, who at age 37 is the 63-year-old Hickenlooper's junior by more than a quarter-century, is a prominent member of the Colorado business community as an executive with Liberty Media, owned by John Malone — one of the wealthiest people in Colorado and a mainstay on Forbes' richest Americans list.And the governor's office hasn't been keeping his relationship with Pringle a secret.


A portrait of Robin Pringle from her biography on FrenchAmerican.org.
FrenchAmerican.org
 
Here's Pringle's bio on the website French-American Foundation, which is devoted to "advancing the dialogue between French & American leaders." Robin is a Vice President of Corporate Development at Liberty Media Corporation, a publically traded holding company with a diverse range of assets and investments that include: QVC, Charter Communications, SiriusXM, The Atlanta Braves, Provide Commerce, and Barnes and Noble.  In her role at Liberty Media, Robin is responsible for identifying investment opportunities in the media, technology and eCommerce arenas, oversight of Liberty portfolio companies and assisting in the business development efforts of the portfolio companies. In addition, she co-founded and helps lead the Women’s eCommerce Network, a program sponsored by Liberty Media whose mission is to unite female leaders in eCommerce and provide an opportunity for promising female entrepreneurs to enhance and improve their businesses.  Robin received her BA from Duke University with a major in Public Policy and her MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.  Robin is a trustee of the Clyfford Still Museum, and is a member of LibertyGives — a foundation focused on supporting at risk youth.   
Related StoriesJohn Hickenlooper and wife Helen Thorpe announce their separationPhotos: Governor John Hickenlooper's Wedding to Robin Pringle We also tracked down the following interview with Pringle about her Liberty Media gig.In December 2014, the Denver Post reported that "the governor has a girlfriend," and since then, Pringle has popped up regularly in photos with and without Hick.The following February, for example, John Oates, a part-time Colorado resident and half of the singing duo Hall & Oates, shared the following photo....

Facebook 
...along with a caption that reads, "After the White House show we got to hang with Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper and Robin Pringle as well as Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam and Crissy Garrett Haslam...both big music supporters."Circa October, Colorado Secretary of State Wayne Williams Facebooked this shot.....

Facebook 
...which he described like so: "At the Restoration Hardware party tonight in Cherry Creek I ran into Jenna Stapleton, wife of state Treasurer Walker Stapleton and Robin Pringle, girlfriend of Gov. John W. Hickenlooper. The governor is out of the country and the treasurer had another event so the two women came together."These images suggest that Pringle will be far from invisible when it comes to public events. 
Upcoming Events


Rocky Mountain Showdown - CU v CSU Football vs. University of Colorado Buffaloes

Tickets
Fri., Sep. 1, 6:00pm



Colorado Rockies vs. Arizona Diamondbacks

Tickets
Fri., Sep. 1, 6:40pm



Colorado Rockies vs. San Francisco Giants

Tickets
Mon., Sep. 4, 1:10pm



Denver Broncos vs. Los Angeles Chargers

Tickets
Mon., Sep. 11, 8:20pm



Denver Broncos v. Los Angeles Chargers - HALF PRICE GAME

Tickets
Mon., Sep. 11, 8:20pm




Whether Hickenlooper's present or not.Mazel tov, you two crazy kids.



Online Fundraiser Defends Alleged Capitol Hill White Supremacist Will Planer
NEXT

 






Michael Roberts has written for Westword since October 1990, serving stints as music editor and media columnist. He currently covers everything from breaking news and politics to sports and stories that defy categorization.


Contact:

Michael Roberts

Follow:

Michael Roberts



Westword


Westword






Read More:
News
News






 Comments






Get the ICYMI: Today's Top Stories Newsletter
Our daily newsletter delivers quick clicks to keep you in the know 

Catch up on the day's news and stay informed with our daily digest of the most popular news, music, food and arts stories in Denver, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday.









GO






Cancel


Submit
















From Our Sponsors


Weddings in Las Vegas


Weddings on Galveston Island




Upcoming Events


Colorado Rockies vs. Detroit Tigers

Tickets
Mon., Aug. 28, 6:40pm



Denver Broncos v. Arizona Cardinals - HALF PRICE GAME

Tickets
Thu., Aug. 31, 7:00pm



Denver Broncos vs. Arizona Cardinals

Tickets
Thu., Aug. 31, 7:00pm



Comedian Michael Coylar

Tickets
Fri., Aug. 18, 7:30pm

powered by goldstar 



In Case You Missed It


9News's Kyle Clark on His War of Words With Frontier Airlines


Inside the Arrest of Alleged Capitol Hill White Supremacist...


Reader: Denver Used to Be Rad Before It Turned Into a Transplant Haven


Homicide, Rape, Robbery, Burglary and Car Theft All Up in Colorado









 



Sponsor Content














©2017 Denver Westword, LLC. All rights reserved.








 

























 Newsletters


All-access pass to the top stories, events and offers around town.

Top Stories
                        Send: 
                        










Sign Up >
Remind Me Later >
No Thanks >

Privacy Policy







Newsletters
All-access pass to top stories, events and offers around town.










Sign Up >

No Thanks!

Remind Me Later >







Hickenlooper Robin S Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Hickenlooper Robin S
                    

•   ENGLEWOOD, CO
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Hickenlooper Robin S is based out of Englewood.    WhaleWisdom has at least 2 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Hickenlooper Robin S. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Hickenlooper Robin S, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




hickenlooper robin s


12300 LIBERTY BOULEVARD

ENGLEWOOD
CO
                                                        
                                                    80112


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-584-5100
SEC SIC CODE:4832-RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/08/2017
4 filed on 05/26/2017
3 filed on 12/19/2016
4 filed on 12/19/2016
4 filed on 06/08/2016
4 filed on 06/11/2015
4 filed on 01/05/2015
3 filed on 01/05/2015
4 filed on 05/23/2013
3 filed on 01/25/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free































Chipotle Mexican Grill added Paul Cappuccio, Robin Hickenlooper, Ali Namvar and Matthew Paull to its Board of Directors






























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies Diversity on Board Chipotle Mexican Grill added Paul Cappuccio, Robin Hickenlooper, Ali Namvar and Matthew Paull to its Board of Directors Chipotle Mexican Grill added Paul Cappuccio, Robin Hickenlooper, Ali Namvar and Matthew Paull to its Board of Directors








December 16, 2016
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies, Diversity on Board


– USA, CO – Chipotle Mexican Grill (NYSE: CMG) has named four new members to its Board of Directors: Paul T. Cappuccio, Robin S. Hickenlooper, Ali Namvar and Matthew Paull, effective December 14, 2016. The new Directors will serve an initial term through Chipotle’s 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and the Board of Directors currently consists of twelve members.
“Chipotle has enjoyed extraordinary success for most of our 23-year history, and it is important to us that we structure the company to enjoy similar success in the future,” said Steve Ells, Founder, Chairman and CEO of Chipotle. “The addition of these new directors strengthens our Board of Directors, and gives us the oversight, accountability and leadership we need as we continue our efforts to reestablish Chipotle as the leader we have been for much of our history.”
Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P. CEO William A. Ackman said, “We are pleased that Chipotle has taken the important step of refreshing its Board which will position the company for continued growth and long-term success. We look forward to working with the Board and management to create sustained value for all shareholders for many years to come.”
In connection with the appointments, Chipotle and Pershing Square have agreed to various provisions continuing at least until prior to the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The full agreements with Pershing Square will be filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Mr. Cappuccio has served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Time Warner since 2001. In this capacity, he oversees the worldwide management of Time Warner’s legal functions, collaborating with all of its operating businesses. From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Cappuccio was Senior Vice President and General Counsel at America Online. Before joining AOL, he was a Partner at the Washington, DC office of law firm Kirkland & Ellis, where he specialized in telecommunications law, appellate litigation, and negotiation with government agencies. From 1991 to 1993, Mr. Cappuccio was Associate Deputy Attorney General at the United States Department of Justice, where he advised Attorney General William P. Barr on matters relating to judicial selection, civil litigation, antitrust and civil rights. Prior to his service at the DOJ, Mr. Cappuccio served as law clerk at the United States Supreme Court for Justices Antonin Scalia and Anthony M. Kennedy, and as a law clerk to Judge Alex Kozinski of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in Pasadena, Calif. He earned his law degree from Harvard Law School in 1986, and a Bachelor’s degree from Georgetown University in 1983. Mr. Cappuccio brings significant large public company experience to the board, including significant transactional, financial, strategic, and corporate governance experience.
Mrs. Hickenlooper, Senior Vice President of Corporate Development at Liberty Global, has served in senior corporate development roles at Liberty since 2010. She also serves as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development for Liberty Media. Prior to joining Liberty, she worked in the strategic planning and business development group at Del Monte Foods and in investment banking at Thomas Weisel Partners. Mrs. Hickenlooper holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management, and a Bachelor’s degree in Public Policy from Duke University. Mrs. Hickenlooper brings to the board significant corporate development and financial expertise.
Mr. Namvar is a Partner at Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P., a registered investment advisor with more than $11 billion in assets under management and currently Chipotle’s largest investor. Mr. Namvar joined Pershing Square in 2006 and has been a major contributor to the firm’s growth. He brings more than a decade of experience investing in publicly traded, branded consumer products and restaurant companies. Mr. Namvar has played an instrumental role in a number of Pershing Square investments over the years, including its significant equity stakes in Fortune Brands, Beam, McDonald’s, Procter & Gamble, Wendy’s International, Kraft Foods and Mondelez International, among others. Prior to joining Pershing Square, Mr. Namvar served as a Vice President at the Blackstone Group in its corporate advisory practice, where he advised corporate boards and investment firms on a wide range of shareholder value-enhancing transactions. Prior to joining Blackstone, Mr. Namvar worked in the investment banking division at Goldman Sachs. He graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Columbia University, New York, and earned his Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Namvar brings to the board a significant understanding of strategy, governance and finance within the restaurant industry.
Mr. Paull was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of McDonald’s Corp. from 2001 until he retired from that position in 2008. Before joining McDonald’s in 1993, Mr. Paull was a Partner at Ernst & Young, where he managed a variety of financial practices over the course of his 18-year career, and consulted with a number of notable multinational companies. Mr. Paull currently serves as a member of the board of Air Products, where he chairs the Audit and Finance Committee and is a member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Executive Committee, a member of the board of Canadian Pacific where he chairs the Audit Committee and is a member of the Finance Committee, a member of the board of KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp., and was a former member of the board of WMS Industries and Best Buy Co. Mr. Paull previously served on Chipotle’s Board when it was owned by McDonald’s. He currently serves on the advisory board of Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P. Mr. Paull holds a Bachelor’s degree and a Master’s degree in Accounting from the University of Illinois. Mr. Paull brings to the board significant experience in the restaurant industry and financial expertise, including deep understanding of financial markets, corporate finance, accounting and controls, and investor relations.
About Chipotle Mexican Grill
Steve Ells, Founder, Chairman and CEO, started Chipotle with the idea that food served fast did not have to be a typical fast food experience. Today, Chipotle continues to offer a focused menu of burritos, tacos, burrito bowls, and salads made from fresh, high-quality raw ingredients, prepared using classic cooking methods and served in an interactive style allowing people to get exactly what they want. Chipotle seeks out extraordinary ingredients that are not only fresh, but that are raised responsibly, with respect for the animals, land, and people who produce them. Chipotle prepares its food using whole, unprocessed ingredients and without the use of added colors, flavors or other additives typically found in fast food. Chipotle opened with a single restaurant in Denver in 1993 and now operates more than 2,200 restaurants.
For more information : http://www.chipotle.com
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:The Hartford announces Teresa Roseborough to the Board of Directors and its CommitteesEvans Bancorp appoints Michael Battle to its Board of DirectorsAir Products appoints Seifi Ghasemi, Edward Monser and Matthew Paull as New Independent DirectorsTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


Standard Chartered announces Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to its Board as upcoming Independent Non-Executive Director
July 27, 2017



Tri-Star Resources appoints Mark Wellesley-Wood as Executive Chairman
July 27, 2017



Pacific City Financial appoints Sang Lee as new Chairman of the Board of Directors
July 27, 2017



Medallion Financial adds John Everets to its Board as Independent Director
July 27, 2017



Morgan Stanley announces Board member Tom Glocer as upcoming Independent Lead Director
July 27, 2017











Random BoardsMalvern BancorpOBNEnlight ResearchAMAG PharmaceuticalsGreatbatch











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -





























