










 













 







Highlander Office Park, LLC - Commercial- Berning  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Highlander Office Park, LLC

      Industry: Commercial
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    400 10 Th Street Se  
    Minot, ND, 58701Phone: 7018523045 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-17


New


$0


$0


Equity and Debt


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Todd Berning 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 




High tech office park planned for 8-acre site at Highland and Bluebonnet












































































































High tech office park planned for 8-acre site at Highland and Bluebonnet


Stephanie RiegelJuly 8, 2015 







A group of investors led by Mo Vij, the founder of local IT company General Informatics, has acquired an 8.5-acre tract of vacant land at the intersection of Highland Road and Bluebonnet Boulevard for $3.6 million, with plans to develop an office and commercial complex on the site that will be modeled after the campus-style settings of high-tech giants like Microsoft and Apple.
The new development will be called @Highland, and it will include a 45,000-square-foot, three-story office building that will front on Highland and be the new headquarters for General Informatics, which has been located in LSU’s Louisiana Business and Technology Center since its founding in the early 2000s. Vacant space fronting on Bluebonnet will be available for future development and could include office or light retail.
Vij, whose partners in the project include several local and out-of-state investors, says his company has outgrown its offices in the LSU business incubator and that he wants to develop a new headquarters site that is suitable for his growing workforce and also in keeping with the lushly landscaped, creative workspaces of high-tech companies in the Pacific Northwest.
“We want to have an office that reflects our ambitions,” Vij says. “We also think it will help with the acquisition of talent. A lot of guys end up moving out of state so we want to create something more attractive to our employees.”
To that end, @Highland will feature a sleek, contemporary office building constructed around several standing Live Oak trees on the site and will back up to the 1,000-acre Bluebonnet Swamp. New Orleans-based Eskew Dumez Ripple Architects, which designed the Shaw Center and Lamar Corporate Offices, has been retained to design the site.
“This promises to be a bold architectural statement integrating natural features with architecture,” says George Kurz of Kurz & Hebert Commercial Real Estate, who represented the sellers in the transaction and will market the lots and building development for @Highland. “It’s really different than anything else in Baton Rouge.”
@Highland LLC acquired the property from Metrailer HB LLC and the estate of Charles Metrailer in a deal that closed Monday.
General Informatics is a technology services company that provides IT services to small businesses. The company also develops database management software that is used by parish governments throughout the state. The Planning Commission has already approved plans for the site. Vij hopes to begin construction within the next 18 months.
—Stephanie Riegel



There are no comments. Click to add your thoughts!





Polls



Take Our Poll




































Highlander Office Park, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Highlander Office Park, LLC  Funding details


Highlander Office Park, LLC Industry: CommercialCIK Number: 0001690276IRS Number: 464244846Address: 400 10TH STREET SE  MINOT 58701Phone number: 7018523045



Highlander Office Park, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-17New Form D$1,000,000Yet To Sell$1,000,000$5,000106b[SEC Filing]2016-11-17New Form D$1,000,000Yet To Sell$1,000,000$5,000106b[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Highlander Office Park, LLC
Key People in Highlander Office Park, LLC:

Todd Berning
Similar companiesHIGHLANDER PARTNERS HEALTHCARE FUND LP, Highlander Bank Holdings, LLC, Highlander Apartments, LP, Highlander New Mexico Investments Two LLC, Highlanders, LLC








Last visited companies: NB Offshore Diversified Arbitrage Fund Ltd., NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC, NEWSOUTH SPECIAL EQUITIES L P, NEWSOUTH SPECIAL INCOME L P, Nevada Sunrise Gold Corp

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Highlander Office Park, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Highlander Office Park, LLC
List of persons related to the company Highlander Office Park, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Highlander Office Park, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001690276IRS Number: 464244846Company address: 400 10TH STREET SE  MINOT 58701Phone number: 7018523045



People related to Highlander Office Park, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryBerning  Todd400 10th Street SE MinotND




Highlander Office Park, LLC on the Web
Related companiesHighlander Apartments, LP, Highlander Bank Holdings, LLC, Highlander New Mexico Investments Two LLC, HIGHLANDER PARTNERS HEALTHCARE FUND LP, Highlanders, LLC












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Contracting Profile: Highlander Office Park LLC Minot ND

























 



  
    Highlander Office Park LLC - Minot, ND vendor 038744642            Vendors    Highlander Office Park LLC - Minot, ND          Add Alert          Sign Up     Actions     Add to Partners             Claim Vendor              Similar Vendors              Related Contracts      Related Projects       Help         Highlander Office Park LLC Minot ND   Federal Vendor        Last active 3 weeks ago                     


     0 of 5 with 0 ratings              Welcome to GovTribe!   Emailing spreadsheet "trackers" around the office is a pain. We're here to help.   Plans start at $24 a month.   Try For Free          Need Help?   GovTribe hosts weekly webinars on various topic related to the government contrating industry. Sign up for one today.   Learn more              Name    Highlander Office Park LLC Minot ND        Division    Not Listed        Parent    Not Listed        Address     400 10Th St Se Minot, ND 58701 USA             Website    Not Listed        Primary Category      Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses) (531120)         Size    Not Listed        Contact(s)      Vicki Campbell Sales(E-Business) P: 7018523045          Structure    Other        Designations        Self Certified Small Disadvantaged Business                                  














 




Highlander Partners | 



































































  English English en  polski Polish pl


Overview

North America and United Kingdom: Private Equity

Team


Central Europe: Private Equity

Team




Investment Criteria

Investment Criteria
Investment Philosophy
Opportunities for Executives


Investment Team
PORTFOLIO COMPANIES

Portfolio Companies
Management Testimonials


NEWS
CONTACT US
 







       






Welcome to Highlander Partners, L.P.






Highlander Partners is a private investment firm making direct private equity and mezzanine investments throughout North America, United Kingdom and Central Europe. We employ both investment and operational professionals with significant career accomplishments and skills that are frequently helpful to our management teams. Highlander Partners differs from a typical private equity firm because we manage our own capital and do not have limited partners whose varying interests can weigh on the investment process.
This provides a value proposition that:

Does not mandate any specific holding periods
Provides us the ability to consider opportunities with limited information or what we perceive to be a misunderstood business model
Limits bureaucracy and provides us the ability to move quickly
Allows us to invest in any portion of the capital structure, including debt
Permits us to invest in any industry sector without concentration limits

We are focused on long-term value creation. We are looking for exceptional companies and outstanding management teams with a clear vision of growth.



   





   





   





   





   





   





   





   





   





   





   





   





   






Latest NewsBen Slater Named Vice President at Highlander PartnersJuly 20, 2017 - 8:46 amNiteo Products, a Portfolio Company of Highlander Partners, Acquires Cyclo IndustriesJune 8, 2017 - 8:31 amHighlander Partners Backs Polish Rotary Tooling Business RotometalMay 8, 2017 - 8:15 amTwitchell Technical Products, a Portfolio Company of Highlander Partners, Acquires The Quantum GroupMay 3, 2017 - 3:19 pm 
view all management testimonials







Contact Information Back to Top

North America
300 Crescent Court, Suite 550
   Dallas, TX 75201
   tel: (214) 245-5000
   fax: (214) 245-5015
mblanchat@highlander-partners.com



 
Central Europe
plac Marszałka Józefa Piłsudskiego 2
00-078 Warszawa, Poland
tel: +48 22 521 04 20
dwalendowski@highlander-partners.com

Quick LinksOverview
Investment Criteria
Investment Team
Portfolio Companies
News
Contact Us
Sitemap







© Copyright Highlander Partners, L.P. All rights reserved.








 















