


IMVU Product: .hs Katherine Blonde by HotSales















































Buy This Product?
Buy ""?

Cost:  credits
Your balance:  credits
            
Your discount will save you  credits
Don't show this message againPurchase CancelYou can disable 1-click purchasing in your Account Settings page.


Add to Cart?
Add "" to Cart?

Cost:  credits
Your balance:  credits
            
Your discount will save you  credits
Don't show this message againAdd to Cart Cancel

















Send Message




Send to:





Choose a contact...









Message:






0 /   characters used
                            




Gift:



                                    (  cr)
                                      by
                                     


                                    (  cr)
                                      by
                                     


                                    (  cr)
                                     






*Select product OR music to send as a gift





Gift Product:


(no gift)








Gift wrap:




















Note: Gifts can only be purchased with credits.



NEW!Deliver:



Immediately



On AVATARNAME'S birthday (April 22)



On special day:

- Select a date -









Cancel













Reset Giftlist: To permanently remove your giftlist items from the Gift product menu please
                            Click here














 









 






        Don't want to see these ads?
        Join the VIP Program!






Discover dressing up, chatting and having fun on IMVU. Sign up FREE to chat in 3D!



English

Bahasa Indonesia
Dansk
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Norsk bokmål
Polski
Português
Svenska
Türkçe
العَرَبِيةُ


Member Login






Community

Messages
Chat Rooms
Groups
Discussions
Creator Program
Feed
Walk Off
Get Matched
People Search
Invite Your Friends



Shop

Browse the Catalog
WithMoji Shop
Badges
Shop Together
Premium Names


VIP

Credits

Buy Credits
Free Credits
Watch Videos
Surveys
Offers
Give Credits
Prepaid Cards
Buy With Your Phone



Upgrades

VIP
Name Registration
New Avatar Name
Badge Canvas


NEXT
MOBILE







IMVU Home > Catalog > Clothing > Clothing for Female > Female Hairstyles > New Hairstyles












Product Information










        Don't want to see these ads?
        Join the VIP Program!





Hide ads? Get VIP!






.hs Katherine Blonde

                                                                        By HotSales




General Audience

Add to wishlist |
Add to giftlist |
Gift
|
My Wishlist
|
Flag



549 credits










More items from HotSales
|
See homepage



Audio: Limited
|
Size: 601 KB (575 KB + 26 KB)
|
Derived from: Sofie Blonde
|
Derivation Tree
|
Derivations








549 credits











                                This product is provided by a third-party seller, HotSales, who has warranted that they have all appropriate rights to any content involved. IMVU takes copyright infringment seriously. To learn more about our policy, including takedown procedures, please click here. For more on the IMVU Creator program, which lets you create items for sale in the IMVU catalog, please click here.
                            











Product Reviews





by Amori - see avatar page | flag for review
Date Added: Friday 18 July, 2014



                cute                
Rating:  [5 of 5 Flaming Jalapenos!]




1 to 1 (of 1 reviews) Pages:  1                         
                                * You must own this product to write a review
                        










        Don't want to see these ads?
        Join the VIP Program!













Mobile | People | Groups | Forums | 3D Chat Rooms | 3D Virtual Catalog | Buy Credits | Earn Credits | Creator Center | Download

About Us | Policies | Blog | Contact Us | Advertise | Jobs | Safety | Avatar | Help

© 2017 IMVU All rights reserved













Katherine A. High | Members | Institute for Translational Medicine and Therapeutics | Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania








































 
					 
					Members & Collaboration 
					 
					Katherine A. High







 Members & Collaboration  
Membership
Internal Advisory Board
External Advisory Board

 Education & Training  
About Education & Training
 Educational Programs  
Master of Regulatory Affairs
Masters in Regulatory Science
Masters in Translational Research
Certificate in Translational Research
Introduction to Clinical Research
Undergraduate Program

 Funding for Educational Programs   
CTSA KL2 Mentored Career Development & ITMAT Scholarship Programs
CTSA TL1 Program
ITMAT Research Training Scholarships

News & Events

 Research Resources  
BioBank 
CHPS 
Programs
Centers
Cores
Resources by Function
Research Facilitator
 Research Toolkit  
About the Research Toolkit
Circa Database of Oscillating Genes
eagle-i
VIVO
iConnect
RedCAP
Research Subject Registry


Funding Opportunities
 Consortia  
CTSA
Pentacon

Give to ITMAT
Clinical Trials












Katherine A. High

Emeritus Professor of Pediatrics

Attending Physician, The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
Attending Physician, Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania
Attending Physician, Presbyterian Hospital Medical Center
Director, Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics, The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia

Department: Pediatrics


Contact information
President and Chief Scientific Officer
Spark Therapeutics
3737 Market St, Suite 1300
Member, Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics
at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
Room 5064, Colket Translational Research Building
3501 Civic Center Blvd.Philadelphia, PA 19104

	    	      	      Office: 215-220-9336
	      	    	      	      Fax: 215-790-6248



	  Graduate Group Affiliations
	  
Cell and Molecular Biology



	    Publications



	      Search PubMed for articles



		Education:

			A.B. 
	    	    (Chemistry)
	    
			Harvard College, 1972.

			M.D. 
	    	    (Medicine)
	    
			University of North Carolina School of Medicine, 1978.

			Cert 
	    	    (Business)
	    
			UNC Business School.  Management Institute for Hospital Administrators.
, 1989.

			MA (hon) 
	    
			University of Pennsylvania , 1993.

Links
Search PubMed for articles
Cell and Molecular Biology graduate group faculty webpage.

Permanent link
 
 


ITMAT Home » Membership » 



Description of Research Expertise
Research Interests 
The focus of the laboratory was initially on the molecular basis of blood coagulation, and the use of novel genetic therapies to treat hemophilia. More recently we have pioneered safe and effective clinical translation of genetic therapies for inherited disorders.  These clinical trials have led to short-term correction of disease in hemophilia B, and long-term improvements in Leber’s congenital amaurosis, a hereditary cause of blindness. 

Key words: Hemophilia , AAV, Gene Therapy, Factor IX, Factor VIIa.

Description of Research
Major areas of investigation include: 1) structure-function analysis of Factors VII, IX and X through the study of naturally occurring mutant proteins and recombinant proteins produced using site-directed mutagenesis and a mammalian expression system, 2) study of the regulation of expression of the genes encoding the vitamin K dependent clotting factors. These genes manifest tissue-specific expression; they are expressed only in the liver. We have isolated the 5' flanking sequences of all three genes, characterized promoter activity and determined, using DNase footprinting, the location of protein binding sites within these promoters. In the case of Factor X, we have determined through a variety of approaches the identity of the transcription factors binding to the promoter and are in the process of carrying out similar studies on the promoters of VII and IX, 3) studies designed to establish an experimental and clinical basis for gene therapy of hemophilia, a bleeding disorder that results from a deficiency of functional Factor IX. We are currently using both viral vectors to introduce the Factor IX cDNA into target cells of interest. My colleagues and I have several active projects, including a study on the generation and use of recombinant AAV vectors expressing Factor IX to treat hemophilia B. In particular, we are investigating novel methods of delivering vector to target tissues, and are also exploring the use of alternate serotypes and optimized expression cassettes in order to maximize gene expression. Other work focuses on safety problems, including determinants of the immune response to the transgene product, and assessment of risk of germline transmission of vector sequences. In other experiments, we are investigating the function of coagulation proteins through the use of targeted disruption of clotting factor genes. Current areas of interest include completion of clinical trials of an AAV-mediated, liver directed approach.


Lab Personnel: 

Xavier Anguela, Post Doc;
Etiena Basner-Tschakarjan, Research Assoc;
George Buchlis, Post Doc;
Yifeng Chen, Research Assoc;
Robert Davidson, Research Assoc;
Liron Elkouby, Research Assoc;
Daniel Hui, Post Doc;
Jianhua Liu, Research Tech; 
Alex Tai, Research Tech;
Yi Zhao, Research Tech; 
Shangzhen Zhou, Director, Research Vector Core
Description of Itmat Expertise
	        Dr. High, a world renowned hematologist, studies the molecular basis of blood coagulation and the development of novel therapeutics for the treatment of bleeding disorders. Her pioneering bench-to-bedside studies of gene therapy for hemophilia have led to a focus on clinical translation of genetic therapies for hemophilia and other rare, inherited disorders. As the Director of the Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics at The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, Dr. High leads a multidisciplinary team of scientists and researchers working to discover new gene and cell therapies for genetic diseases and to facilitate rapid translation of pre-clinical discoveries into clinical application.

Selected Publications
Mingozzi F, Anguela XM, Pavani G, Chen Y, Davidson RJ, Hui DJ, Yazicioglu M, Elkouby L, Hinderer CJ, Faella A, Howard C, Tai A, Podsakoff GM, Zhou S, Basner-Tschakarjan E, Wright JF, High KA: Overcoming preexisting humoral immunity to AAV using capsid decoys. Sci Transl Med 5(194): 194ra92, Jul 2013.
Yazicioglu MN, Monaldini L, Chu K, Khazi F, Murphy SL, Huang H, Margaritis P, High, KA: Cellular localization and characterization of cytosolic binding partners for Gla-containing proteins PRRG4 and PRRG2. J Biol Chem Jul 19 [Epub ahead of print] 2013.
Gil-Farina I, DiScala M, Vanrell L, Olagüe, Vales A, High KA, Prieto J, Mingozzi J, Gonzelez-Aseguinolaza G.: IL12-Mediated liver inflammation reduces the formation of AAV transcriptionally active forms but has no effect over preexisting AAV transgene expression. PLoS One 8(7): e67748, Jul 2013.
Buchlis G, Odorizzi P, Soto PC, Pearce OM, Hui DJ, Jordan MS, Varki A, Wherry EJ, High KA: Enhanced T cell function in a mouse model of human glycosylation. J Immunol 191(1): 228-237, Jul 2013.
Mingozzi F, Chen Y, Edmonson SC, Zhou S, Thurlings RM, Tak PP, High KA: Prevalence and pharmacological modulation of humoral immunity to AAV vectors in gene transfer to synovial tissue. Gene Ther 20: 417-424, Jul 2013.
Testa F, Maguire AM, Rossi S, Pierce EA, Melillo P, Marshall K, Banfi S, Surace EM, Sun J, Acerra C, Wright JF, Wellman J, High KA, Auricchio A, Bennett J, Simonelli F.: Three-year follow-up after unilateral subretinal delivery of adeno-associated virus in patients with Leber Congenital Amaurosis Type 2. Ophthalmology 120(6): 1283-1291, June 2013.
Hoffman BA, Ertl HCJ, Terhorst C, High KA, Herzog RW: Gene therapy at the frontiers of viral immunology. Front Microbiol 3: 182, May 2013.
Callejas D, Mann CJ, Ayuso E, Lage R, Grifoll I, Roca C, Andaluz A, Ruiz-de Gopegui R, Montane J, Munoz S, Ferre T, Haurigot V, Zhou S, Ruberte J, Mingozzi F, High K, Garcia F, Bosch F: Treatment of diabetes and long-term survival following insulin and glucokinase gene therapy. Diabetes 62(5): 1718-1729, May 2013.
Mingozzi F. and High KA.: Immune responses for AAV vectors: overcoming barriers to successful gene therapy. Blood 122(1): 23-36, Apr 2013.
Parzych EM, Liu H, Yin X, Liu Q, Wu TL, Podsakoff G, High KA, Levine MH, Ertl HC: Effects of immunosupression on circulating AAV capsid-specific T cells in humans. Hum Gene Ther 24: 431-422, Apr 2013.
 

back to top
	      Last updated: 10/27/2016
	  		The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania
	    
 
 
 
 
 






© The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania | Site best viewed in supported browser. | Site Design: PMACS Web Team














Katherine Heigl - Biography - IMDb













































































 










 
IMDb




More





All
Titles
TV Episodes
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots










Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes




MOVIES

In Theaters
Showtimes & Tickets
Latest Trailers
Coming Soon
Release Calendar
Top Rated Movies
Top Rated Indian Movies
Most Popular Movies

CHARTS & TRENDS

Box Office
Oscar Winners
Most Popular by Genre



TV & VIDEO

IMDb TV
On Tonight
Top Rated TV Shows
Most Popular TV Shows
Watch Now on Amazon
DVD & Blu-Ray

SPECIAL FEATURES

Amazon Originals
Streaming
Comic-Con
IMDb Picks
Superheroes







Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos




CELEBS

Born Today
Celebrity News
Most Popular Celebs

PHOTOS

Latest Stills
Latest Posters
Photos We Love



EVENTS

Awards Central
Oscars
Golden Globes
Sundance
Cannes
Comic-Con
Emmy Awards
Venice Film Festival
Toronto Film Festival
Festival Central
Tribeca
All Events







News &
Community





LATEST HEADLINES


 Starz Orders Drama ‘The Rook’ From Stephenie Meyer, Liberty Global and Lionsgate

6 hours ago


 ‘Brooklyn’ Director John Crowley Has ‘Dreams Of Leaving’ With TV Series

8 hours ago


 ‘Black Mirror’ Season 4 is Almost Done Filming, Creators Still Open to Making Sequels

8 hours ago





NEWS

Top News
Movie News
TV News
Celebrity News
Indie News

COMMUNITY

Contributor Zone
Polls







Watchlist




            YOUR WATCHLIST
    













 
 


 



The leading information resource for the entertainment industry
Find industry contacts & talent representation
Manage your photos, credits, & more
Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
Go to IMDbPro


|

Help


 

 

 










Sign in with Facebook
Other Sign in options










 








 








Edit


 
 

Katherine Heigl 


Biography




Showing all 68 items

Jump to:
Overview (4) |
Mini Bio (1) |
Spouse (1) |
Trivia (37) |
Personal Quotes (19) |
Salary (6)  


Overview (4)

Date of Birth

24 November
1978, Washington, District of Columbia, USA 


Birth NameKatherine Marie Heigl

Nickname
Katie    
Height

5' 9" (1.75 m)    


Mini Bio (1)


          Katherine Marie Heigl was born on November 24, 1978 in Washington, D.C., to Nancy Heigl (née Engelhardt), a personnel manager, and Paul Heigl, an accountant and executive. Her father is of German/Swiss-German and Irish descent, and her mother is of German ancestry. A short time after her birth, the family moved to New Canaan, Connecticut, where Katherine was to spend the majority of her childhood; the youngest member of her family, Katherine--or "Katie" as she is nicknamed--has two elder siblings, John and Meg. Tragically, her older brother Jason died in 1986 of brain injuries suffered in a car accident, after being thrown from the back of a pickup truck. When doctors determined he was brain-dead, the family made the difficult decision to donate his organs. Not only did this painful chapter give Katherine a greater perspective and appreciation for life, but it motivated her to use her celebrity to promote the importance of organ donation.Katherine was first thrust into the limelight as a child model. An aunt, visiting the family in New Canaan, took a number of photographs of Katherine, then aged nine, in a series of poses to advertise a hair care product she had invented. Upon returning to New York, with permission from Katherine's parents, she sent the photos to a number of modeling agencies. Within a few weeks, Katherine had been signed to Wilhelmina, a renowned international modeling agency. Almost immediately, she made her debut in a magazine advertisement and soon followed this with an inaugural television appearance in a national commercial for Cheerios breakfast cereal.Following a number of commercials and modeling assignments for Sears and Lord & Taylor, she made her big-screen debut in That Night (1992), which starred Juliette Lewis and C. Thomas Howell. It was then that she realized that acting rather than modeling was her passion. In 1993, Katherine appeared in Steven Soderbergh's critically-acclaimed Depression-era drama, King of the Hill (1993), before landing her first leading role as a rebellious teenager, alongside Gérard Depardieu, in My Father the Hero (1994). During this time, Katherine continued to attend New Canaan High School, balancing her academic studies with work on films and modeling, which she undertook during holidays, vacations and weekends.In 1995, she played "Sarah Ryback", the niece of Steven Seagal's character, in Under Siege 2: Dark Territory (1995), which was her "debut" in the action film genre. Acting was now becoming a stronger focus for Katherine, although she still modeled extensively, appearing regularly in magazines such as "Seventeen". Television appearances on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno (1992) and Late Night with Conan O'Brien (1993) soon followed, before she took the lead role in Disney's Wish Upon a Star (1996) in 1996. It was also during that year that Katherine's parents divorced and, following her graduation from high school in 1997, she moved with her mother into a four-bedroom house in Los Angeles' Malibu Canyon area. This enabled her to focus upon acting with the guidance and support of her mother, who now managed her career.In 1997, Katherine portrayed "Taffy Entwhistle", Rita Hayworth's stand-in, in Stand-ins (1997) and was also cast as the beauteous "Princess Ilene" in the European production, Prince Valiant (1997). She then made her made-for-TV movie debut, co-starring with Peter Fonda in a re-working of the classic Shakespearean play, The Tempest (1998), updated with an American Civil War theme. In this film, she played "Miranda Prosper", a young woman torn between her love for both her father and a Union soldier. Bug Buster (1998) and Bride of Chucky (1998) represented a venture into the horror genre for Katherine. While both films could be described as rather tongue-in-cheek despite their gory emphases, Bride of Chucky (1998) was the better received, both critically and commercially.In 1999, Katherine decided to branch out into series television when she accepted the role of the haughty, yet vulnerable, "Isabel Evans", on Roswell (1999), a show that blended teen angst with sci-fi drama. Though she had never planned to embark on a career in television, the role of Isabel, a teenager with a secret life, was an offer she found impossible to refuse. In the series, Isabel, her brother Max (Jason Behr) and their friend Michael (Brendan Fehr) are aliens passing as humans in Roswell, New Mexico, as they desperately try to hide the truth from government agencies, the people of Roswell and even their own adopted families. To publicize her role on the show, Katherine graced the covers of magazines such as "TV Guide", "Maxim" and "Teen" and was interviewed on Later (1994) and The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn (1999). Along with her mother Nancy, she also appeared in an episode of the Sci-Fi TV talk show, Crossing Over with John Edward (1999), during which she spoke with John Edward, a psychic medium, about her late brother, Jason. During the three years Roswell (1999) was in production, Katherine found time to work on several movies. 100 Girls (2000), an independent film released in 2001, is the story of a college freshman who meets the girl of his dreams in an elevator during a blackout, and spends the rest of the movie trying to find her again. Her cameo role is that of Arlene, the competitive tomboy. The second film, Valentine (2001), a horror film starring David Boreanaz and Denise Richards, appeared in U.S. theaters on February 2, 2001. In this movie, which is based upon the 1996 novel by Tom Savage, Katherine plays "Shelley", a medical student who meets a sudden demise.In the spring of 2001, Katherine accepted a role in NBC's Critical Assembly (2002), a two-hour original television thriller. Katherine and Kerr Smith (Dawson's Creek (1998)) co-starred as brilliant and politically concerned college students who build a nuclear device to illustrate the need for a change in national priorities, but are betrayed by a fellow student when the bomb ends up in the hands of a terrorist. Unfortunately, the telefilm, directed by Eric Laneuville, written by Tom Vaughan, and based on the best-seller "The Seventh Power" by James Mills, was shelved when its storyline was deemed too close for comfort to the events of September 11, 2001. It was eventually broadcast in 2003. Since the cancellation of Roswell (1999) in the spring of 2002, Katherine has been busy with various projects, including an appearance on UPN's update of the classic television series, The Twilight Zone (2002). That episode, entitled The Twilight Zone: Cradle of Darkness (2002), aired on October 2, 2002, and featured Katherine in the role of a woman who goes back in time to stop one of the most notorious murders in history. In addition, she completed a movie, Descendant (2003), a psychological thriller inspired by Edgar Allan Poe's "The Fall of the House of Usher". She has also starred as "Romy" in ABC/Touchstone's two-hour telepic, Romy and Michele: In the Beginning (2005), a prequel to the 1997 feature, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion (1997). During the summer of 2002, Katherine made a major decision in the direction of her career when she signed on for representation in all areas with the William Morris Agency, one of the biggest and most prestigious agencies in the entertainment industry. She is now being represented by Norman Aladjem at Paradigm Agency and being managed by Nancy Heigl and Stephanie Simon and Jason Newman at Untitled Entertainment.

- IMDb Mini Biography By: 
          
            Jude@fanforum.com
          



Spouse (1)


 Josh Kelley 

(23 December 2007            - 
present) (3 children)          



Trivia (37)

      Started her career as a child model with Wilhelmina Models.


      Has two older brothers, Holt and John; and an older sister, Meg Heigl-Beltran. Brother Jason died from head injuries, suffered in a car accident, when she was very young.


      Auditioned for all 3 female leads on Roswell (1999) before being cast as Isabel.


      Katherine's paternal grandfather was of half German and half Swiss-German descent, and Katherine's paternal grandmother was the daughter of Irish parents. Katherine's mother is of German descent.


      Graduated from New Canaan High School in 1996.


      Beat out Alicia Silverstone for the lead role in My Father the Hero (1994).


      Played the cello in High School.


      Ranked #72 in Stuff magazine's "102 Sexiest Women In The World" (2002)


      Her last name is pronounced "HI guhl."


      Has played a character with the name of "Isabel" or "Isobel" three times. Grey's Anatomy (2005), Roswell (1999) and Wuthering Heights (2003).


      Ranked as #55 in FHM's "100 Sexiest Women in the World 2005" special supplement. (2005)


      Cut & dyed her hair for season 3 of Roswell (1999).


      June 2006: Engaged to musician Josh Kelley.


      In Judd Apatow's film, The 40-Year-Old Virgin (2005), the FHM "100 Sexiest Women in the World 2005" special supplement with Katherine on the cover is shown in close-up during a scene on the extended version DVD. Katherine plays the lead in Apatow's follow-up, Knocked Up (2007).


      2006: Named #19 in FHM magazine's "100 Sexiest Women in the World 2006" supplement.


      Ranked #14 on the Maxim magazine Hot 100 of 2007 list.


      2005: She was October on FHM magazine's 2005 pin-up calendar.


      Followed through on plans to marry fiancé Josh Kelley, on December 23, 2007, in Utah where she has a ranch property, including a tribute to her late brother, Jason, at the ceremony [July 18, 2007].


      Best friend of her Grey's Anatomy (2005) co-star T.R. Knight, who was a groomsman at her wedding.


      Was named one of Entertainment Weekly's Top 25 Entertainers Of The Year (2007).


      Is related to actress Amber Perkins.


      Auditioned for the role of Felicity Porter in the TV series Felicity (1998), but lost out to Keri Russell. She also auditioned for the roles of Sydney Bristow and Lauren Reed on Alias (2001), but lost out to Jennifer Garner and Melissa George, respectively.


      Voted as #1 in 2008's Askmen.com "Top 99 sexiest women in the world" poll. (2008).


      Admits that one of her worst vices is being a smoker.


      Was engaged to co-actor Jason Behr during their time together on the set of Roswell (1999).


      Sister-in-law of Charles Kelley.


      Lives in Utah.


      Fan of Glee (2009).


      Has 3 children with husband Josh Kelley: two adopted daughters, Nancy Leigh Mi-Eun Kelley (b.November 23, 2008) and Adalaide Marie Hope Kelley (b.April 3, 2012), and one biological son Joshua Bishop Kelley (b.December 20, 2016).


      Her publicists are Jill Fritzo and Catherine Olim.


      Daughter of Nancy Heigl and Paul Heigl.


      Her "Just One" foundation is involved with dog adoption.


      Publicly criticized her two most successful projects. After Knocked Up (2007) was released, she said that the film presented its female characters in a sexist way; Seth Rogen and Judd Apatow both responded curtly that Heigl had not expressed any problems during filming. Later, Heigl stated that she had not received Emmy-worthy writing for her character during a recent season of Grey's Anatomy (2005) and she should not be nominated for an Emmy (she wasn't). The ties between Heigl and show creator Shonda Rhimes were frayed afterwards, and Heigl's Izzie Stevens was reduced in the show's focus before Heigl asked to be written off the series and Rhimes agreed to do so.


      A lifelong animal lover, Katherine owns 8 dogs, 4 cats, 9 horses, 2 donkeys, 2 goats and 8 chickens (2014).


      Met husband-to-be singer-songwriter Josh Kelley when she appeared in his music video "Only You" (2005).


      Starred in a video on the Shelter Me website to encourage dog adoption.


      Gave birth to her 3rd child (1st biological child) at age 38, a son Joshua Bishop Kelley Jr. on December 20, 2016. Child's father is her husband, Josh Kelley.


Personal Quotes (19)

      [on her role in My Father the Hero (1994)] There are still men who come up to me today and say, "You were really hot in that film!" I was 14, for God's sake!


      One of the most interesting things about that show [Roswell (1999)] for me was that because Isabel was an alien, I got to do many things, so that was creatively satisfying. I think anyone's fear of getting involved in a show that could run for several years is that you'll be playing only one character for that long; that can get stale for an actor, so on "Roswell" I really lucked out.


      ["Razor" Magazine interview] I'm grateful people think I'm beautiful or think I'm sexy, and I suppose it's better than the alternative, but I do try to fight it a bit so it's not all people see me as. And I'd love to one day be in a position where I could choose a role to showcase my creativity versus just my bra size.


      I love changing my look. I would love, love, love to cut all my hair off into a really short, punky haircut.


      My own mother told me I didn't have a shot in hell of winning tonight. [While accepting the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her role as Isobel 'Izzie' Stevens on Grey's Anatomy (2005), at The 59th Primetime Emmy Awards (2007).] [16 September 2007]


      [on Knocked Up (2007)] A little sexist. It paints the women as shrews, as humorless and uptight, and it paints the men as lovable, goofy, fun-loving guys. It exaggerated the characters, and I had a hard time with it, on some days. I'm playing such a bitch; why is she being such a killjoy? Why is this how you're portraying women? Ninety-eight percent of the time it was an amazing experience, but it was hard for me to love the movie.


      I'd like to start talking children seriously in the next year [2009], but [my husband] Josh feels more like two years, so we'll probably do a year and a half. I'm excited about having a big family. I'm talking five or six.


      [on Hollywood stereotyping] You're the blonde. Or the cheerleader. Or the girlfriend. It would have been really easy to fall back on the blonde and the bra size and just do that for the rest of my career.


      My mother says she thinks I wouldn't have appreciated success the same way if it had come faster or more easily. Now it's a much bigger reward.


      People who know me well know that I have an opinion about pretty much everything.


      If I wasn't in this industry, I wouldn't work out. But I have hips and a butt and everything that goes along with that, including cellulite! So I do the best I can.


      I pride myself on being kind. But that's not to say there aren't moments when I'm a diva. Everybody has bad moments.


      [on Gerard Butler] He's a man's man, and that's what makes him so appealing. We all talk about how we're missing the Cary Grants and those movie stars of old that were just these sexy, charismatic men, and I really feel like Gerry is filling that missing thing right now.


      If I spread myself too thin, I'm not a good actor, I'm not a good mother, and I'm just really high-strung - and everybody hates me.


      My husband and I feel strongly about manners. When people are impressed by our daughter's pleases and thanks you, we feel like we've won the Parents of the Year Award!


      [on her mother being her manager in Hollywood] She didn't care if she made any friends in this town. This is a fear-dominated industry ... and my mother refuses to be intimidated by that. This is all a game of chicken, and my mother is really good at chicken.


      [on admiring Sandra Bullock] Whenever I'm about to do or say something, I first think W.W.S.B.D., which stands for What Would Sandra Bullock Do? I don't know her personally, but from what I've seen of her and what I've read about her, she seems to be one of the most well-spoken, gracious, charming and funny women in Hollywood. If I could get there, I would like to be just like her.


      [on her brother's death] That's one of those experiences in a family that changes the whole dynamic forever. It doesn't mean that everything is horrible forever, it's just that we were a certain kind of family before that happened and we are a different family now he's dead. We are all keenly aware of the precariousness of life. You can't not be now - it was a moment that changed everything. You think, "If only he'd sat in the front seat that day, and not the back", and suddenly you're thinking, "We ought to be more careful about our decisions". Over the years you realize that we have no control. Things happen without warning. We are not the perfect family. We don't say "I love you" every time we talk to each other. But we try not to take each other for granted. One regret is that you wish you had a few more moments to tell them you loved them.


      [on her complaining on the set of One for the Money (2012)] I was complaining about the hours and one of our producers said, "You should ask Debbie Reynolds about her hours on Singin' In The Rain", so I did. It was so horrifying what women had to go through to make that movie. It was her first big break and she was working with an icon and they were dancing and singing. She said they worked 20 hours a day and she would get a few hours sleep on her sofa in the dressing room and then go back to work. It was so much that I thought she was exaggerating. Then she told me how she had to dance with bleeding feet at one point. Gene Kelly wanted to stop because Debbie's feet were bleeding all over the scene and she was like, "No, no I'm fine. I can keep going". So then I stopped complaining about my hours.


Salary (6)


Knocked Up (2007)
      
$300,000       

27 Dresses (2008)
      
$6,000,000       

The Ugly Truth (2009)
      
$6,000,000       

Killers (2010)
      
$12,000,000       

Life as We Know It (2010)
      
$12,000,000       

One for the Money (2012)
      
$15,000,000 (includes producing fee)      







See also


Other Works
| 

Publicity Listings
| 

Official Sites
| 

Contact Info






Getting Started
|
Contributor Zone »
Contribute to This Page




Edit page



Add resume









 


ad feedback





Katherine Heigl 
Personal Details



Biography




Other Works




Publicity Listings




Official Sites




Contact Info (IMDbPro)





Filmography



by Year




by Job




by Ratings




by Votes




by Genre




by Keyword



Did You Know?



Personal Quotes




Trivia 




Trademark



Photo & Video



Photo Gallery




Trailers and Videos



Opinion



Awards



Related Items



Credited With




NewsDesk




External Sites



Professional Services



Promote yourself with a resume




Add or change photos




Get more at IMDbPro





Explore More
Show Less




Share this page:















Create a list »
                
User Lists
Related lists from IMDb users


 


Niel's Best Hollywood Actress



            a list of 38 people
            created 13 Jul 2011
        
 



 


People I would like to meet



            a list of 30 people
            created 21 Nov 2011
        
 



 


If these women are in it, I'm interested



            a list of 33 people
            created 13 May 2012
        
 



 


Favorite actresses



            a list of 23 people
            created 31 Aug 2014
        
 



 


Favourite actresses



            a list of 25 people
            created 26 Dec 2014
        
 


See all related lists »
                







 






 









 





 






IMDb Everywhere

 

 

 


Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!
IMDb Mobile site




      Follow IMDb on
      
 

 

 









Home
Top Rated Movies
Box Office
TV
Coming Soon
Site Index
Search
In Theaters




Contact Us
 Register

News

Press Room
Advertising
Jobs




IMDbPro
 Box Office Mojo

 Withoutabox


Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
 Interest-Based Ads










Copyright © 1990-2017
                IMDb.com, Inc.


                An Amazon.com company.
            




                Amazon Affiliates
            





Amazon Video
Watch Movies &TV Online






Prime Video
Unlimited Streamingof Movies & TV






Amazon Germany
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon Italy
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon France
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon India
Buy Movie andTV Show DVDs






DPReview
DigitalPhotography






Audible
DownloadAudio Books
































Katherine A. High, M.D. || Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania




























Home | News | 
			Directories | 
			Calendar | Maps | 
			Contact Us | 
			Webmail









Advanced Search




About Penn Medicine
Message from the Dean
Overview
Our Faculty
School Administration
Employment Opportunities


Education & Admissions
MD Program
PhD Program
MD-PhD Program
Masters Programs
Visiting Students
Continuing Medical Education
Other Educational Programs


Academic Departments »


Centers & Institutes »


Research
Overview & Strategic Focus
Research Highlights
Training & Education Programs
Clinical Trials


Global & Local Engagement
Community Outreach
Global Initiatives


Patient Care @ PennMedicine.org
Hospitals
Find a Doctor
Health Information


Supporting Penn Medicine »




Perelman School of Medicine/ Faculty Search/ Katherine A. High
Katherine A. High, M.D.




Katherine A. High, M.D.

Emeritus Professor of Pediatrics
Department: Pediatrics

	  Graduate Group Affiliations
	  
Cell and Molecular Biology




Contact information
President and Chief Scientific Officer
Spark Therapeutics
3737 Market St, Suite 1300
Member, Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics
at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
Room 5064, Colket Translational Research Building
3501 Civic Center Blvd.Philadelphia, PA 19104

	    	      	      Office: 215-220-9336
	      	    	      	      Fax: 215-790-6248



	    Publications



	      Search PubMed for articles


Links
Search PubMed for articles
Cell and Molecular Biology graduate group faculty webpage.


		Education:

			A.B. 
	    	    (Chemistry)
	    
			Harvard College, 1972.

			M.D. 
	    	    (Medicine)
	    
			University of North Carolina School of Medicine, 1978.

			Cert 
	    	    (Business)
	    
			UNC Business School.  Management Institute for Hospital Administrators.
, 1989.

			MA (hon) 
	    
			University of Pennsylvania , 1993.

Permanent link
 
 


Perelman School of Medicine > Faculty > Search
	  


Description of Research Expertise
Research Interests 
The focus of the laboratory was initially on the molecular basis of blood coagulation, and the use of novel genetic therapies to treat hemophilia. More recently we have pioneered safe and effective clinical translation of genetic therapies for inherited disorders.  These clinical trials have led to short-term correction of disease in hemophilia B, and long-term improvements in Leber’s congenital amaurosis, a hereditary cause of blindness. 

Key words: Hemophilia , AAV, Gene Therapy, Factor IX, Factor VIIa.

Description of Research
Major areas of investigation include: 1) structure-function analysis of Factors VII, IX and X through the study of naturally occurring mutant proteins and recombinant proteins produced using site-directed mutagenesis and a mammalian expression system, 2) study of the regulation of expression of the genes encoding the vitamin K dependent clotting factors. These genes manifest tissue-specific expression; they are expressed only in the liver. We have isolated the 5' flanking sequences of all three genes, characterized promoter activity and determined, using DNase footprinting, the location of protein binding sites within these promoters. In the case of Factor X, we have determined through a variety of approaches the identity of the transcription factors binding to the promoter and are in the process of carrying out similar studies on the promoters of VII and IX, 3) studies designed to establish an experimental and clinical basis for gene therapy of hemophilia, a bleeding disorder that results from a deficiency of functional Factor IX. We are currently using both viral vectors to introduce the Factor IX cDNA into target cells of interest. My colleagues and I have several active projects, including a study on the generation and use of recombinant AAV vectors expressing Factor IX to treat hemophilia B. In particular, we are investigating novel methods of delivering vector to target tissues, and are also exploring the use of alternate serotypes and optimized expression cassettes in order to maximize gene expression. Other work focuses on safety problems, including determinants of the immune response to the transgene product, and assessment of risk of germline transmission of vector sequences. In other experiments, we are investigating the function of coagulation proteins through the use of targeted disruption of clotting factor genes. Current areas of interest include completion of clinical trials of an AAV-mediated, liver directed approach.


Lab Personnel: 

Xavier Anguela, Post Doc;
Etiena Basner-Tschakarjan, Research Assoc;
George Buchlis, Post Doc;
Yifeng Chen, Research Assoc;
Robert Davidson, Research Assoc;
Liron Elkouby, Research Assoc;
Daniel Hui, Post Doc;
Jianhua Liu, Research Tech; 
Alex Tai, Research Tech;
Yi Zhao, Research Tech; 
Shangzhen Zhou, Director, Research Vector Core
Description of Clinical Expertise
	        Hematology, hemostasis and thrombosis, gene transfer for genetic disease

Selected Publications
Mingozzi F, Anguela XM, Pavani G, Chen Y, Davidson RJ, Hui DJ, Yazicioglu M, Elkouby L, Hinderer CJ, Faella A, Howard C, Tai A, Podsakoff GM, Zhou S, Basner-Tschakarjan E, Wright JF, High KA: Overcoming preexisting humoral immunity to AAV using capsid decoys. Sci Transl Med 5(194): 194ra92, Jul 2013.
Yazicioglu MN, Monaldini L, Chu K, Khazi F, Murphy SL, Huang H, Margaritis P, High, KA: Cellular localization and characterization of cytosolic binding partners for Gla-containing proteins PRRG4 and PRRG2. J Biol Chem Jul 19 [Epub ahead of print] 2013.
Gil-Farina I, DiScala M, Vanrell L, Olagüe, Vales A, High KA, Prieto J, Mingozzi J, Gonzelez-Aseguinolaza G.: IL12-Mediated liver inflammation reduces the formation of AAV transcriptionally active forms but has no effect over preexisting AAV transgene expression. PLoS One 8(7): e67748, Jul 2013.
Buchlis G, Odorizzi P, Soto PC, Pearce OM, Hui DJ, Jordan MS, Varki A, Wherry EJ, High KA: Enhanced T cell function in a mouse model of human glycosylation. J Immunol 191(1): 228-237, Jul 2013.
Mingozzi F, Chen Y, Edmonson SC, Zhou S, Thurlings RM, Tak PP, High KA: Prevalence and pharmacological modulation of humoral immunity to AAV vectors in gene transfer to synovial tissue. Gene Ther 20: 417-424, Jul 2013.
Testa F, Maguire AM, Rossi S, Pierce EA, Melillo P, Marshall K, Banfi S, Surace EM, Sun J, Acerra C, Wright JF, Wellman J, High KA, Auricchio A, Bennett J, Simonelli F.: Three-year follow-up after unilateral subretinal delivery of adeno-associated virus in patients with Leber Congenital Amaurosis Type 2. Ophthalmology 120(6): 1283-1291, June 2013.
Hoffman BA, Ertl HCJ, Terhorst C, High KA, Herzog RW: Gene therapy at the frontiers of viral immunology. Front Microbiol 3: 182, May 2013.
Callejas D, Mann CJ, Ayuso E, Lage R, Grifoll I, Roca C, Andaluz A, Ruiz-de Gopegui R, Montane J, Munoz S, Ferre T, Haurigot V, Zhou S, Ruberte J, Mingozzi F, High K, Garcia F, Bosch F: Treatment of diabetes and long-term survival following insulin and glucokinase gene therapy. Diabetes 62(5): 1718-1729, May 2013.
Mingozzi F. and High KA.: Immune responses for AAV vectors: overcoming barriers to successful gene therapy. Blood 122(1): 23-36, Apr 2013.
Parzych EM, Liu H, Yin X, Liu Q, Wu TL, Podsakoff G, High KA, Levine MH, Ertl HC: Effects of immunosupression on circulating AAV capsid-specific T cells in humans. Hum Gene Ther 24: 431-422, Apr 2013.
 

back to top
	      Last updated: 10/27/2016
	  		The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania
	    
 
 
 
 
 




Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, 295 John Morgan Building, 3620 Hamilton Walk, Philadelphia, PA 19104
© The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania | Site best viewed in supported browser.













Katherine A. High | The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia - Research Institute































Skip to main content




 










The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia - Research Institute








Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
 





  Employee Intranet



 






Search form

Search 





 

 
 










About
Research
People
 

 





Blog
News
Publications
 

 





Technology Transfer
Education/Postdoc
CTRC/CTSA
 

 





Parents
Careers
Donate
 

 






CHOP Site
Diversity & Inclusion
RIS Intranet Homepage



 
 










Home
Research
Office of Technology Transfer, Commercialization & Innovation
Careers
Education
Ways To Give
About
People
Publications
Staff Directory
Clinical and Translational Research Center
Diversity and Inclusion







Investigator Directory



 











Home


People


Katherine High




 




Katherine A. High 







Katherine A. High, M.D.Email: high@pchpnet1.clnlabsAddress: Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
5060 CTRB
3501 Civic Center Boulevard215-590-4521 

Expertise
Hematology, hemostasis and thrombosis, gene transfer for genetic diseaseDr. High, a world renowned hematologist, studies the molecular basis of blood coagulation and the development of novel therapeutics for the treatment of bleeding disorders. Her pioneering bench-to-bedside studies of gene therapy for hemophilia have led to a focus on clinical translation of genetic therapies for hemophilia and other rare, inherited disorders. As the Director of the Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics at The Children?s Hospital of Philadelphia, Dr. High leads a multidisciplinary team of scientists and researchers working to discover new gene and cell therapies for genetic diseases and to facilitate rapid translation of pre-clinical discoveries into clinical application.Research Interests 
The focus of the laboratory was initially on the molecular basis of blood coagulation, and the use of novel genetic therapies to treat hemophilia. More recently we have pioneered safe and effective clinical translation of genetic therapies for inherited disorders.  These clinical trials have led to short-term correction of disease in hemophilia B, and long-term improvements in Leber?s congenital amaurosis, a hereditary cause of blindness. 
Key words: Hemophilia , AAV, Gene Therapy, Factor IX, Factor VIIa.
Description of Research
Major areas of investigation include: 1) structure-function analysis of Factors VII, IX and X through the study of naturally occurring mutant proteins and recombinant proteins produced using site-directed mutagenesis and a mammalian expression system, 2) study of the regulation of expression of the genes encoding the vitamin K dependent clotting factors. These genes manifest tissue-specific expression; they are expressed only in the liver. We have isolated the 5' flanking sequences of all three genes, characterized promoter activity and determined, using DNase footprinting, the location of protein binding sites within these promoters. In the case of Factor X, we have determined through a variety of approaches the identity of the transcription factors binding to the promoter and are in the process of carrying out similar studies on the promoters of VII and IX, 3) studies designed to establish an experimental and clinical basis for gene therapy of hemophilia, a bleeding disorder that results from a deficiency of functional Factor IX. We are currently using both viral vectors to introduce the Factor IX cDNA into target cells of interest. My colleagues and I have several active projects, including a study on the generation and use of recombinant AAV vectors expressing Factor IX to treat hemophilia B. In particular, we are investigating novel methods of delivering vector to target tissues, and are also exploring the use of alternate serotypes and optimized expression cassettes in order to maximize gene expression. Other work focuses on safety problems, including determinants of the immune response to the transgene product, and assessment of risk of germline transmission of vector sequences. In other experiments, we are investigating the function of coagulation proteins through the use of targeted disruption of clotting factor genes. Current areas of interest include completion of clinical trials of an AAV-mediated, liver directed approach.
Rotation Projects for 2013-2014
1. Gene transfer for hemophilia B 
2. Immunological aspects of viral vector-based gene transfer 
3. Novel approaches to the treatment of hemophilia
Lab Personnel: 
Xavier Anguela, Post Doc;
Etiena Basner-Tschakarjan, Research Assoc;
George Buchlis, Post Doc;
Yifeng Chen, Research Assoc;
Robert Davidson, Research Assoc;
Liron Elkouby, Research Assoc;
Daniel Hui, Post Doc;
Jianhua Liu, Research Tech; 
Rajiv Sharma, Pre Doc;
Alex Tai, Research Tech;
Yi Zhao, Research Tech; 
Shangzhen Zhou, Director, Research Vector Core 

Appointments
William H. Bennett Associate Professor of Pediatrics at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine (1996 – 1999)Associate Professor of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine (1993 – 1998)Associate Professor of Medicine at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine (1996 – 2001)William H. Bennett Professor of Pediatrics at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine (1999 – 2006)William H. Bennett Professor of Pediatrics at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine (2009 – 2015)Professor of Medicine in Medicine at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine (2001 – 2012)Professor of Pediatrics at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine (2006 – 2009)Associate Professor of Pediatrics at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine (1993 – 1996)Professor of Pediatrics at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine (2015– present) 

Education
MA (hon), University of Pennsylvania (1993)Cert, Business, UNC Business School.  Management Institute for Hospital Administrators. (1989)M.D., Medicine, University of North Carolina School of Medicine (1978)A.B., Chemistry, Harvard College (1972) 

Selected Publications
Mingozzi F, Anguela XM, Pavani G, Chen Y, Davidson RJ, Hui DJ, Yazicioglu M, Elkouby L, Hinderer CJ, Faella A, Howard C, Tai A, Podsakoff GM, Zhou S, Basner-Tschakarjan E, Wright JF, High KA. Overcoming preexisting humoral immunity to AAV using capsid decoys.. Sci Transl Med. Vol 5(194) . 2013 Jul:194ra92.Yazicioglu MN, Monaldini L, Chu K, Khazi F, Murphy SL, Huang H, Margaritis P, High, KA. Cellular localization and characterization of cytosolic binding partners for Gla-containing proteins PRRG4 and PRRG2.. J Biol Chem. 2013 Jul 19 [Epub ahead of print].Gil-Farina I, DiScala M, Vanrell L, Olagüe, Vales A, High KA, Prieto J, Mingozzi J, Gonzelez-Aseguinolaza G.. IL12-Mediated liver inflammation reduces the formation of AAV transcriptionally active forms but has no effect over preexisting AAV transgene expression.. PLoS One. Vol 8(7) . 2013 Jul:e67748.Buchlis G, Odorizzi P, Soto PC, Pearce OM, Hui DJ, Jordan MS, Varki A, Wherry EJ, High KA. Enhanced T cell function in a mouse model of human glycosylation. J Immunol. Vol 191(1) . 2013 Jul:228-237.Mingozzi F, Chen Y, Edmonson SC, Zhou S, Thurlings RM, Tak PP, High KA. Prevalence and pharmacological modulation of humoral immunity to AAV vectors in gene transfer to synovial tissue. Gene Ther. Vol 20. 2013 Jul:417-424.Testa F, Maguire AM, Rossi S, Pierce EA, Melillo P, Marshall K, Banfi S, Surace EM, Sun J, Acerra C, Wright JF, Wellman J, High KA, Auricchio A, Bennett J, Simonelli F.. Three-year follow-up after unilateral subretinal delivery of adeno-associated virus in patients with Leber Congenital Amaurosis Type 2. Ophthalmology. Vol 120(6) . 2013 June:1283-1291.Hoffman BA, Ertl HCJ, Terhorst C, High KA, Herzog RW. Gene therapy at the frontiers of viral immunology. Front Microbiol. Vol 3. 2013 May:182.Callejas D, Mann CJ, Ayuso E, Lage R, Grifoll I, Roca C, Andaluz A, Ruiz-de Gopegui R, Montane J, Munoz S, Ferre T, Haurigot V, Zhou S, Ruberte J, Mingozzi F, High K, Garcia F, Bosch F. Treatment of diabetes and long-term survival following insulin and glucokinase gene therapy. Diabetes. Vol 62(5) . 2013 May:1718-1729.Mingozzi F. and High KA.. Immune responses for AAV vectors: overcoming barriers to successful gene therapy. Blood. Vol 122(1) . 2013 Apr:23-36.Parzych EM, Liu H, Yin X, Liu Q, Wu TL, Podsakoff G, High KA, Levine MH, Ertl HC. Effects of immunosupression on circulating AAV capsid-specific T cells in humans. Hum Gene Ther. Vol 24. 2013 Apr:431-422. 

Links
Cell and Molecular Biology graduate group faculty webpage. 

 

 
 

  




 






Katherine Foiled High Heels  In Rose | iKrush













































 




 




 



 








0





My Bag (0) : £0.00

 




New In
Shop By Product ClothingFootwearAccessories    
Clothing
Shop By Product DressesBodycon DressesWhite DressesBardot DressesMini DressesSatin DressesT Shirt DressesJumper DressesSkater DressesBandage DressesParty DressesDay DressesVelour DressesLace DressesShirt DressesMidi DressesMaxi DressesSequin DressesLittle Black DressShift DressesTopsBasicsBodysuitsBraletsCasual TopsCrop TopsGoing Out TopsShirts & BlousesSide Split TopsSlogan TopsSweatshirtsT-ShirtsVestsCo-OrdinatesJacketsBlazersCoatsJacketsJeansJumpsuits & PlaysuitsKnitwearCardiganHoodiesJumpersLeggings & JeggingsJeggingsLace Up LeggingsLeggingsSkirtsMidi SkirtsPencil SkirtPrint SkirtsSkater SkirtsShorts & HotpantsSwimwearKimonoTrousersOnesie   Shop By Collection #ikrushbabesActiveBasic BaeChokerDenimFestival ShopGlam LuxeHoliday ShopKardashian StyleLoungewearOff ShoulderParty ShopVelvet Shop By Price £5 or Less £10 or Less£15 or Less£20 or Less   
Dresses
Shop By Product Bodycon DressesWhite DressesBardot DressesMini DressesSatin DressesT Shirt DressesJumper DressesSkater DressesBandage DressesParty DressesDay DressesVelour DressesLace DressesShirt DressesMidi DressesMaxi DressesSequin DressesLittle Black DressShift Dresses    
Tops
Shop By Product BasicsBodysuitsBraletsCasual TopsCrop TopsGoing Out TopsShirts & BlousesSide Split TopsSlogan TopsSweatshirtsT-ShirtsVests    
Footwear
Shop By Product BootsAnkle BootsChelsea BootsFlat BootsHeeled BootsOver The Knee BootsEspadrillesSlidersTrainersHigh HeelsFlat ShoesParty ShoesPlatform ShoesSandalsWedges    
Accessories
Shop By Product BeautyBeltsCorset BeltsChokersFishnet TightsHair AccessoriesHair ExtensionsHandbagsClutch BagsHandbagsSatchelsHats, Scarves & GlovesJewelleryBraceletsEarringsNecklacesRingsWatchesPursesShapewearSunglassesTights & Hosiery    
Hair Extensions
Shop By Product Curly WeftStraight WeftCurly WigStraight WigCurly PonyStraight Pony    
Sale
Shop By Product £10 Or Less DressesDressesFootwearTopsLeggings & JeggingsJeansAccessoriesJacketsJumpsuits & PlaysuitsKnitwearShorts & HotpantsSkirts   

InstaShop

Inspire



My IKRUSH

Blog Categories

Beauty
Celebrities
Fashion
News & Events
Press
Trends
Weekly Love
IKRUSH








Currency - GBP                



GBP
EUR
USD
AUD




Delivery Info


Returns & Exchanges


Contact Us 



                        Phone: 0844 335 6099
                        Email: customercare@ikrush.com

Customer care
FAQ




My Account 


Log in / register Account Information
My Likes
Track my order




   
 




Summer Sale Is On! - Save Up To 75% Girl!





Free Next Day Delivery On Orders Over £60





10% Student Discount - Click Here!







Summer Sale Is On! - Save Up To 75% Girl!





Free Next Day Delivery On Orders Over £60





10% Student Discount - Click Here!






 
 





Home
FootwearKatherine Foiled High Heels  


 



                    Katherine Foiled High Heels  in Rose                     


InStock

                                £29.99


Colour:











Size:

Please select... 3
4

                                        5 - OUT OF STOCK
                                    
6
7
8

Please select a size.


                        Estimated despatch on 







Add to My Likes

 

Want it Tuesday 01 Aug?



Order within 2day 11hrs 3min and choose UK Next Day Delivery at checkout.


Not got your size in stock?


                                                5                                            

Go
Select your size and we'll email you when it's in stock!



 Share on Twitter


 Share on Facebook










FREE  Next Day Delivery
On Orders Over £60




Description

These stunners are must-haves girls! They have a thick strap with a buckle fastening and a wide heel. These beauts also have an elegant foiled rose gold effect which is just to die for! Team with a glam bodycon dress and you are good to go!

Crinkle Metallic
Approx heel height is 4"
Rose
True to size
UK sizes
 


Size & Fit


Footwear International Size Conversion



UK
3 4 5 6 7 8 


EU
36 37 38 39 40 41 

US
5 6 7 8 9 10 


View the full iKrush Size Guide to find out which size is right for you!
If you are between sizes or need assistance selecting the proper size, please contact Customer Care



Delivery & Returns




UK Standard: 2 – 3 working days
£3.99


UK Next Day Delivery: 1 working day if ordered before 4:00pm (free over £60)
£4.99



Republic of Ireland: 2 – 3 working days
£6.99


France Express: 2 – 4 working days
£6.99


Germany Express: 2 – 4 working days
£6.99


Europe: 5 – 10 working days
£9.99


USA & Canada Standard: 4 – 7 Working days
£7.99


USA & Canada Express: 2 Working Days
£11.99




Full delivery info on International and UK delivery times


Return Policy:
Easy, Hassle Free Returns
                        Up to 14 days return policy
                        Click here for information on how to return something to Ikrush
                    



Can We Help?


                        You can get in touch with our team by:
                        Email Customercare@ikrush.com
Telephone 0844 335 6099
                        Mon- Fri 10.00- 17.30
                    











Different views:







































We Love
































































































































Beau Knee High Lace Up Boots



                            £44.99                            










Temporary Tattoo Body Art



                            £4.99                            










Crystal Velour Cold Shoulder Bodycon Dress



                            £29.99                            










Ajtar Slinky Cut out Dress



                            £24.99                            




 
 

















 
 

 




Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Google+


Students Enjoy 10% Off




Newsletter SignUp
Stay up to date with the latest offers and promotions by sigining up for our newsletter.









Shop


New In
Dresses
Tops


Footwear
Handbags
Gift Cards




Delivery Options







UK Standard
£3.99


UK Next Day Delivery (free over £60)
£4.99


Republic of Ireland
£6.99


France Express
£6.99


Germany Express
£6.99


Europe
£9.99


USA & Canada Standard
£7.99


USA & Canada Express
£11.99





Information


My Likes
About Us
Affiliates
Press & Media
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy


Fashion A-Z
Site Map..
Student Discount
My IKRUSH
Pre-order




Customer Care

0844 335 6099

Contact Us
Delivery Info
Size Guide


FAQs
Track My Order
Returns & Exchanges




About iKrush


                        IKRUSH bring you the latest in celebrity-inspired women’s fashion, footwear & accessories. Stay ahead of the trends with an amazing range of
                        women's clothing online,
                        offering all the latest fashion trends at unbelievably low prices with free or cheap delivery. Love yourself, love IKRUSH!
                    
Read More 























                        © iKrush 2013  – 2017                    

Website design, Development and Hosting by
                        mtc.


























 



 





Katherine Leaning Wall Mirror - 54W x 96H in. - Mirrors at Hayneedle




































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






Rooms
Styles
Ideas
Free Shipping Over $49
Call Us:
						1.866.530.4155
			 			
Guest # 1-972-758-242




















 in 







 Favorites











 Account













0


My Cart
Your cart is currently empty.Sign in to see items you might have added previously.








Qty: 



View all items in my cart


Checkout










Furniture


Outdoor


Decor


Baby & Kids


Bed & Bath


Kitchen & Dining


Lighting


Pets


Home Improvement


Seasonal Shop


More ...


Sale



















Outdoor Sale & Clearance

Cut-a-Rug Sale

Style Spotlight: Farmhouse

Nursery & Kids Furniture Sale




Hayneedle

Decor


Mirrors



Item # BAM011











Full Screen




Katherine Leaning Wall Mirror - 54W x 96H in.
by  Bassett Mirror Company





$94200































6 Reviews

2 Questions Answered























Add To Cart

























FREE Curbside Delivery


arrives Aug 15 - Aug 21



														Upgrade options available
													









Earn 3% cash back in My Rewards












Product Overview

Specifications


Delivery




Measures 54W x 96H inches
Solid wood frame
Rich carvings on the corners
Beautiful silver leaf finish
Beveled glass adds depth


More Product Info




								Dimensions
							

								54W x 96H in.
							

								Weight
							

								136 lbs
							

								Material
							

								Wood
							

								Brand
							

								Bassett Mirror Company
							
More Specs







Similar Mirrors
Shop All Mirrors








0

$1,814.57








4

$499.99








9

$469.99








2

$399.99








8

$649.99








1

$599.99








0

$389.49








5

$399.98








0

$653.40








0

$807.86








2

$1,028.00








26

$146.99












Product Information




Overview

Measures 54W x 96H inches
Solid wood frame
Rich carvings on the corners
Beautiful silver leaf finish
Beveled glass adds depth




Description
The Katherine Leaning Wall Mirror features a beveled-glass mirror set within an elegant, rectangular silver-leafed wood frame. Intricate carvings on the corners of this piece give it a rich, antiqued look. This high-quality mirror weighs 136 pounds.



About Bassett Mirror Company

Bassett Mirror Company, Inc. has been one of America's leading names in home fashion since 1922, when the family business was founded on the eastern slopes of the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia. Four generations later, Bassett still produces beautiful mirrors, fine furniture, and framed art pieces that are destined to become heirlooms.

									Shop All Bassett Mirror Company
								







Technical Details



Specifications


									Dimensions
								

								
									54W x 96H in.
								
								



									Weight
								

								
									136 lbs
								
								



									Material
								

								
									Wood
								
								



									Brand
								

								
									Bassett Mirror Company
								
								



									Design Style
								

								
									Traditional
								
								



									Finish
								

								
									Silver/Pewter
								
								



									Height (in.)
								

								
									96
								
								



									Shape
								

								
									Rectangle
								
								



									Type
								

								
									Beveled
								
								



									Width (in.)
								

								
									54
								
								







Reviews









REVIEW SNAPSHOT®by PowerReviewsBassett Mirror CompanyKatherine Leaning Wall Mirror - 54W x 96H in. - 6357-894EC 5.0(based on 6 reviews)Ratings Distribution5 Stars (6)4 Stars (0)3 Stars (0)2 Stars (0)1 Stars (0)100% of respondents would recommend this to a friend.Write a ReviewReviewed by 6 customersSort byNewestOldestHighest ratingLowest ratingMost helpfulLeast helpfulClear all filtersDisplaying reviews 1-6Back to topApr92017 5.0Gorgeous Mirror By LovingHayneedlefrom Atlanta, GAAbout Me Midrange ShopperSubmitted as part of a sweepstakes entryComments about Bassett Mirror Company Katherine Leaning Wall Mirror - 54W x 96H in. - 6357-894EC:I returned another mirror to get this one and I'm so glad I did. This one is so well made and absolutely gorgeous. Thinking of buying a second one for my master bedroom. Phenomenal piece.Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friendWas this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewApr42017 5.0A-MAZING By Erinfrom undisclosedAbout Me Midrange ShopperProsAttractive DesignQuality MirrorSturdyConsBest UsesDecorationComments about Bassett Mirror Company Katherine Leaning Wall Mirror - 54W x 96H in. - 6357-894EC:I bought a different mirror and sent it back to get this one. Couldn't be happier with it. Great quality, nice and heavy, beautiful frame, and the mirror is good quality and doesn't distort your image (or make you look fat). Highly recommend this mirror, worth the price.Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friendWas this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewFeb172017 5.0The statement in the room! By Peggyfrom undisclosedComments about Bassett Mirror Company Katherine Leaning Wall Mirror - 54W x 96H in. - 6357-894EC:This mirror is large and makes a statement!  I love it!Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewFeb122017 5.0Statement Piece By Meredithfrom undisclosedComments about Bassett Mirror Company Katherine Leaning Wall Mirror - 54W x 96H in. - 6357-894EC:This is a gorgeous mirror!  It arrived in perfect condition although given how heavy it is we paid extra to have it brought inside. We are very pleased and it is definitely a statement piece!Images shared by MeredithWas this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewNov162012 5.0WOW By bellaNCfrom Matthews, ncProsAttractive DesignConsBest UsesComments about Bassett Mirror Company Katherine Leaning Wall Mirror - 54W x 96H in. - 6357-894EC:Just a gorgeous mirror!!  Very happy with it all!Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewMay312012(2 of 2 customers found this review helpful) 5.0Perfect in every way By Scotkinsfrom Gainesville, FLAbout Me High-end ShopperComments about Bassett Mirror Company Katherine Leaning Wall Mirror - 54W x 96H in. - 6357-894EC:Wonderful product, quality construction and looks spectacularService and delivery comments:Prompt delivery without any damages at all!Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend(2 of 2 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewDisplaying reviews 1-6Back to top










Sponsored Links

Mirrors
















 
