










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Measured Risk Strategy Fund



























HOME
FUND DOCUMENTS
HOW TO INVEST
DISCLOSURES






Selling Volatility in seeking to enhance overall portfolio returns





                Measured Risk Strategy Fund is a mutual fund regulated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 that offers exposure to a short volatility strategy.  Unlike existing volatility Exchange Traded Products that are designed for active traders, MRSF will combine the use of options in seeking defensive protection from systemic market movement along with a proprietary algorithm that will attempt to limit exposure to losses in high volatility periods.
		    





Fund Documents
Click to view or download

Prospectus


Statement of Additional Information


XBRL Files







Account Form


Roth IRA Application Form


Simple IRA Application Form




IRA Application Form


Roth IRA Financial Disclosure


Simple IRA Financial Disclosure







How to Invest



Invest through Northern Lights Fund Trust IV
Choose the appropriate application type below and mail:
Measured Risk Strategy Fund
					    c/o Gemini Fund Services, LLC
					    PO Box 541150
					    Omaha, NE 68154
Or
Via Overnight Delivery
					    17605 Wright Street, Suite 2
					    Omaha, NE 68130




Through TD Ameritrade
If you already have an account at TD Ameritrade, simply enter a buy order for:
MRPAX (load waived A shares, $2500 minimum) or;
					    MRPIX (Institutional Share Class, $100,000 minimum).
If you work with an advisor, have them contact us for instructions on how to invest.








Important Disclosures - Please read:
Investors should carefully consider the investment objective, risks, charges and expenses of the Measured Risk Strategy Fund. Mutual funds involve risk, including possible loss of principal. There is no guarantee the Fund will meet its objective. This and other information is contained in the prospectus and should be read carefully before investing. For a prospectus please call Measured Risk Portfolios at (855) 907-3407. The Funds are distributed by Northern Lights Distributors, LLC, member FINRA / SIPC. Northern Lights Distributors, LLC is not affiliated with Measured Risk Portfolios, Inc., the Adviser, or Black Peak Capital, LLC, the sub-adviser. Measured Risk Portfolios, Inc. and Black Peak Capital, LLC are not affiliated entities.
The Fund employs various strategies to achieve the objective of capital appreciation and income. The primary tool to achieve this objective is the use of options. Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. Purchased put or call options may expire worthless and may not deliver the expected return due to time value decay. Written call and put options may limit the Fund’s participation in gains and may amplify losses in market declines. The Fund’s losses are potentially large in a written put or call transaction. If un-hedged, written calls expose the Fund to potentially unlimited losses.
Volatility Exchange Traded Products (ETPs) may have significantly greater daily movements that that of the broad US equity markets. Investors cannot directly invest in an index and unmanaged index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges. The Fund may invest or buy or sell options on volatility related ETPs, such as: (holdings are subject to change and should not be considered investment advice)
VIX: The CBOE VIX (S&P 500 Volatility Index) is a measure of market expectations of near-term volatility conveyed by S&P 500 stock index option prices. The VIX is forward looking and seeks to predict the variability of future market movements. This is in contrast to realized (or actual) volatility which measures the variability of historical (or known) prices.
Short VIX: A “short VIX” investment is one that is designed to correlate negatively or move opposite of the Chicago Board Option Exchange Volatility Index (VIX). These investments may take many forms but are typically Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) or Exchange Trades Notes (ETN). They may also be designed to have various ratios to the daily movement of the VIX (for example 2 times or .5 times) in which case they are also referred to as leveraged or geared ETFs or ETNs
SVXY: ProShares Short VIX Short-Term Futures ETF seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to the inverse (-1x) of the daily performance of the S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures Index.
XIV: The VelocityShares Daily Inverse VIX Short Term ETN provides -1x leveraged exposure to an index comprising first- and second-month VIX future positions with a weighted average maturity of 1 month.
VXX: The iPath S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures ETN tracks an index with exposure to futures contracts on the CBOE Volatility Index with average 1-month maturity.
ETPs are subject to investment advisory and other expenses, which will be indirectly paid by the Fund. As a result, the cost of investing in the Fund will be higher than the cost of investing directly in ETFs and may be higher than other mutual funds that invest directly in stocks. ETFs are subject to specific risks, depending on the nature of the Fund.
The use of leverage, such as that embedded in options, could magnify the Fund’s gains or losses. Written option positions expose the Fund to potential losses many times the option premium received.
The adviser’s use of trading algorithms and judgments about the attractiveness, value and potential appreciation of particular ETPs and options in which the Fund invests or sells may prove to be incorrect and may not produce the desired results.
4243-NLD-3/22/2017 





Copyright © 2017 Measured Risk Strategy Fund. All Rights Reserved.












Zipmark Backed By VCs in Seed Round - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Zipmark Backed By VCs in Seed Round


December 13, 2011
By Jonathan Marino



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Zipmark Backed By VCs in Seed Round
Village Ventures and Contour Venture Partners lead a $2 million seed round in Zipmark, it was announced early Tuesday. NYC Seed, High Peaks Venture Capital and the New York City Investment fund also joined in on the transaction. Zipmark is a New York-based mobile and online payments company. 
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Village Ventures and Contour Venture Partners lead a $2 million seed round in Zipmark, it was announced early Tuesday. NYC Seed, High Peaks Venture Capital and the New York City Investment fund also joined in on the transaction. Zipmark is a New York-based mobile and online payments company. 
PRESS RELEASE:

Village Ventures and Contour Venture Partners lead round with NYC Seed, High Peaks Venture Capital and The New York City Investment Fund.
Zipmark, a pioneer in mobile and online payments, today announced that it has secured $2M in Series Seed funding led by Village Ventures and Contour Venture Partners and supported by NYC Seed, High Peaks Venture Capital and the New York City Investment Fund. The New York City based company provides a direct and easy-to-use online payment platform that offers secure, Check21 compliant digital checks, and brings sophisticated check-processing infrastructure directly to billers and their customers.
“Our goal is to modernize the checkbook—to reduce the amount of time and money it takes to make a check payment, eliminate the possibility for bounced checks, and take all risk out of the equation for payer and payee alike,” said CEO and co-founder Jay Bhattacharya, former SVP at Citi Ventures and co-founder of Mobile Money Ventures (acquired by Intuit in 2011). “Improving the payment and collection process is a huge opportunity for any company that bills its clients, such as real estate managers and utility companies where inefficient collection practices can be detrimental to the bottom line.”
Zipmark’s state of the art platform accepts secure payments from any bank, thrift or credit union checking account without onerous fees or long delays, charging 1% for each transaction with a cap at $5 regardless of the payment amount. With each transaction, Zipmark helps businesses and their customers lower payment processing administrative costs and eliminates the additional labor hours that result from bounced checks. The Zipmark Biller API can be easily integrated into traditional web payments, offering a lower cost alternative to credit and debit cards. Zipmark’s iPhone app enables users to make payments for items such as rent, fees or subscriptions directly from paper invoices via QR codes.
“Zipmark is the first online payments company to dig beneath the user interface level and change the way money moves at the settlement level, correcting inefficiencies inherent in the current system,” said Matt Harris, Managing Partner and Co-Founder at Village Ventures. “For a company in this space to succeed, it is critical to have a CEO with a strong financial background, which Zipmark has in Jay Bhattacharya. Co-founder and CTO Jake Howerton brings the technical vision to make the concept a reality.”
With the cost of credit and debit transaction fees as well as NSF (non-sufficient funds) fees on the rise, there is a significant need among both small and large businesses across many industries for a more efficient electronic checking payment solution. Zipmark has seen overwhelmingly positive results in its pilot program with NYC real estate company Sunshine Suites: after only four months, ten percent of Sunshine Suites’ tenants have begun paying their bills via Zipmark, significantly reducing payment processing fees for the company. In addition, because of reduced costs and no risk of bounced payments, Sunshine Suites was able to eliminate convenience fees for tenants.
About Zipmark
Zipmark’s goal is to remove barriers between people and their money by bringing the checkbook into the 21st century. Zipmark was launched in 2010 by Jay Bhattacharya and Jake Howerton, and is based in New York City.
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Zipmark Backed By VCs in Seed Round
Village Ventures and Contour Venture Partners lead a $2 million seed round in Zipmark, it was announced early Tuesday. NYC Seed, High Peaks Venture Capital and the New York City Investment fund also joined in on the transaction. Zipmark is a New York-based mobile and online payments company. 
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now! Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Cambridge Associates, Bank of America, UBS are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

 





























 

High Peaks Venture Partners, Venture Capital Fund: Rahul Gandhi, Associate





















































860-261-2322

Log In


Entrepreneurs >
Investors >




Sign Up


Entrepreneurs >
Investors >









Venture Capital & Angel Investors






To list your Company on our website and make your profile available to 7,500+ VCs and Angel Investors, Click Here.



Venture Fund Member Profile

Share This Profile: 
















High Peaks Venture Partners is a venture capital firm focused on investments in market leading, seed and early stage technology companies.  Founded in 2004, High Peaks began investing its second fund in 2010.  With offices in New York City and Upstate New York, the firm focuses on investments in the web services, digital media, software, and medical technology markets.  High Peaks is one of 18 affiliates of Village Ventures, a collaborative, nationwide network of seed and early-stage venture capital funds.



Rahul GandhiAssociateHigh Peaks Venture Partners


Rahul is an Associate with High Peaks based in the firm’s New York City office.  He is responsible for sourcing and evaluating investment opportunities across a wide range of sectors and supporting existing portfolio companies.

Prior to joining High Peaks, Rahul worked as an Associate at both Genacast Ventures and Comcast Interactive Capital where he conducted due diligence on early and growth stage investment opportunities in the Digital Media, Online Advertising, Internet, Software-as-a-Service, and E-Commerce sectors.  Before working in venture capital, he was a Senior Manager on AOL’s Corporate Development team where he helped evaluate, manage, and structure numerous acquisitions and investments, including Bebo, Quigo, Weblogs, Relegence, and Truveo.  Rahul began his career in Investment Banking at Banc of America Securities working on a variety of strategic and fundraising transactions for companies such as Microsoft, Time Warner, Primedia, and Cablevision.

Rahul earned a B.B.A. in Finance and Accounting from the George Washington University with Honors, an M.S. in Accounting from the University of Virginia, and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School with a double major in Entrepreneurship and Finance. 
Representative Investments


Auterra formerly known as Applied NanoWorks (ANW), is an advanced inorganic materials manufacturing company located in the Albany, NY area. ANW has developed the Molecular Control Platform (MCP), an advanced materials manufacturing platform which is the first major advancement in inorganic material science in 30 years. This process is patent-pending, cost-effective, and scalable and has already delivered two new patent-pending molecules with another 4-6 more and countless derivatives anticipated. The MCP process meets a pent-up demand in the materials manufacturing industry for flexible inorganic chemicals that deliver the functionality of inorganic materials (electrical, optical, chemical and physical properties) with the flexibility and control typical in organic chemistry.

ReQuest, Inc.  is the marketplace leader in providing dynamic media storage and management solutions for the premium digital home market. ReQuest has won numerous best of show and product of the year awards from industry conferences and publications for its AudioReQuest and VideoReQuest product lines. 

Flat World Knowledge  is a next generation educational content business that aims to disrupt the $8B annual college textbook market. 

TxVia (formerly TxCore) provides market-leading technology tools and services to enable improved product offerings in the rapidly growing prepaid debit card industry. TxVia allows prepaid card issuers and program managers to deploy their own scalable processing systems, providing full control over functionality and release timing as well as infrastructure and service levels.


Rahul participated in the FundingPost event: NYC Early-Stage Angel and Venture Capital Event
on Thursday, May 12, 2011 in NY, Sponsored by Bingham McCutchen

To list your Company on our website and make your profile available to Rahul and 7,500+ other VCs and Angel Investors, Click Here.



About FundingPost
For over Fourteen Years FundingPost has worked with thousands 
of Angel and Venture Capital Investors. We believe that it is 
important to reach investors in every medium possible - 
both online and offline. We have been directly responsible for 
tons of success stories and Millions and Millions of dollars raised.  
We look forward to introducing your company to the leading Venture and Angel Investors nationwide. Sign up now: Entrepreneurs / Investors




Join the FundingPost email list
and learn how, when and where
you can meet these Investors:
















        Other Venture Profiles:

.406 Ventures : Greg Dracon
140 Conference : Jeff Pulver
21 Ventures : David Anthony (deceased)
2x Consumer Products Growth Partners  : Andy Whitman
360 Capital Partners : Francois  Tison
360 Capital Partners : Fausto Boni
360 Capital Partners : Nicolas Carbonari
37 Angels : Toan Huynh
37 Angels : Renee Park
37 Angels : Angela  Lee
37 Angels : Caryn Effron
3i : Ken Hanau
42. Ventures : Ned Stringham
500 Startups : Hasan Haider
500 Startups : Tim Chae
500 Startups : Pankaj Jain
5AM Ventures II : John D. Diekman
645 Ventures : Nnamdi Okike
ABC's Shark Tank & Shark Branding : Daymond  John
ABG Capital : Ron Eggert
Abingworth : Vincent Miles
ABS Capital : Phil Clough
ABS Ventures : Bruns Grayson
Accel Partners : Andrew Braccia
Accelerated Growth Partners : Gerard Roy
Access Venture Partners : David Gold
Acero Capital : Rami Elkhatib
Acorn Ventures : Scott Drum
Activate Venture Partners : Edwin Goodman
Activate Venture Partners : Todd Pietri
Activate Venture Partners : Glen Bressner
Adams Capital Management, Inc. : Jerry S. Sullivan
Adams, Harkness TechVentures : Jay Corscadden
ADT Security Services : Hansell Shook
Advance Ventures : Ephraim Lindenbaum
Advanced Technology Ventures  : Jack Harrington
Advantage Capital Partners : Reid Hutchins
Advantage Capital Partners  : Scott Murphy
Advantage Capital Partners : Tate Garrett
Advantage Capital Partners : Douglas Beekman
Aegis Capital Group : Todd Roberts
Aegis Capital Group : Brett Hickey
Alexander Hutton Venture Partners : Tom Johnston
All Media Ventures : Allan Grafman
Alliance Consumer Growth : Trevor Nelson
Alliance Consumer Growth : Josh Goldin
Alpha Venture Partners : Steve Brotman
Alpha Venture Partners : Brian Smiga
AlphaDev, LLC : Meredith Brown
Altos Ventures : Ho Nam
Altos Ventures : Han Kim
AmCap : Jake Bisenius
AME Cloud Ventures : Jerry Yang
American Equity Fund LLC : Robert Rhodes
American Family Ventures : Dan Reed
American Securities Partners V : David Bard
American Securities Partners V : David L. Cohen
Amplifier Venture Partners : Jonathan Aberman
Amplify Partners : Mike Dauber
Analytics Ventures : Blaise Barrelet
Andreessen Horowitz : Austin Guzman
Andreessen Horowitz : Anu Hariharan
Andreessen Horowitz : Bart Dessaint
Angel Investor : Dr. David W. Rolston Ph.D.
Angel Investor : Roger Babb
Angel Investor : Eduardo Emanuelli
Angel Investor : Derek Walton
Angel Investor : John Ason
Angel Investor : Ray Payne
Angel Investor : Timothy Rueth
Angel Investor : Lisa Anderson
Angel Investor : Gary Ritner
Angel Investor : Daniel Chatelain 
Angel Investor : Robert Zieserl
Angel Investor : Donald Sussis
Angel Investor : John Kenney
Angel Investor : Roberto Machado
Angel Investor : Neil Anderson
Angel Investor : Kevin Ramsier
Angel Investor : Peter Lehrman
Angel Investor : Peter Weiss
Angel Investor : Kevin McGovern
Angel Investor : Kenneth Kousky
Angel Investor : Warren Haber, Jr.
Angel Investor : Terry Cross
Angel Investor : Victor Liu
Angel Investor : Rana Gujral
Angel Investor : Asher Leids
Angel Investor : David Blackledge
Angel Investor : Clifford Tong
Angel Investor : James Sowers
Angel Investor : Larry Rowe
Angel Investor : Ed Dua
Angel Investor : Brad Shoen
Angel Investor : Katherine Glassey
Angel Investor : Bill Orabone
Angel Investor : Ethan Davidoff
Angel Investor : Stephen Bulfer
Angel Investor : Tom Curzon
Angel Investor Forum  : Steve Shwartz
Angel Investor Forum (AIF) : Mary Anne Rooke
Angels of Texas : Arman  Rupani
Antares Capital Corporation : Jonathan Kislak
Anthem Capital Management : Bill Gust
Anthem Capital Management : Ed Spiva
Anthem Venture Partners : Brian Mesic
Applied Ventures, LLC : Annette Finsterbusch
ARC Angel Fund : Michael Kelley
ARC Angel Fund : Joseph Saviano
ARC Angel Fund : Charles Chesler
ARC Angel Fund : Vamsi Sistla
ARC Angel Fund : Vamsi Sistla
ARC Angel Fund : Steve Sinek
ARC Angel Fund : Tom Nicholson
ARC Angel Fund : Jeffrey Finkle
ARC Angel Fund : Jim Nichols
ARC Angel Fund : Christine Tate
Arcapita Ventures : Sebby Kannukkaden
ARCH Venture Partners : Clinton Bybee
ARCH Venture Partners : David Cruikshank
Archangels Investors : Doug Pennington
Arctaris Capital Partners : Andrew Clapp
Argentum Group : Walter Barandiaran
Argentum Private Equity Capital : Chris Leong
Aria Ventures : Jeff Sloan
Aristos Ventures : Felipe  Mendoza
Arizona Angels Investor Network : Dee Harris
Ark Royal Fund : John Craven
Arris Ventures : Mike Stowell
ArrowPath Venture Capital : Rick Friedman
Arrowpath Venture Capital : Morgan Rodd
Arsenal Venture Partners : Patricia Glaza
Artiman Ventures : Tom Dennedy
Artiman Ventures : Tim Wilson
ARTIS Ventures : Stuart Peterson
Artists & Instigators : Wayne Kimmel
Artists and Instigators : Tony Bifano
ARTUITIVE LLC : Arthur Shorin
ASAP Ventures : Jeff Weiss
Ascend Venture Group : Charles Crockett
Ascent Venture Partners : Matt Fates
ASM Resources : Christine Copple
Aspect Ventures : Theresia Gouw
Asset Alliance Corporation : Bruce H. Lipnick
Asset Management Company : Bennett Dubin
AssuredPartners : Jim Henderson
Astor & Black : David B. Schottenstein
Atlas Venture : Adam Friedman
Atlas Venture :  Michael Curtis
Atlas Venture : Nessan Bermingham
Atlas Venture : Michael Gilman
Atlas Venture : Martin Jefson
Atlas Venture : Kevin  Pojasek
Atlas Venture : Vipin Suri
Atlas Venture : Healy Jones
Atlas Venture : Ankit Mahadevia
Atlas Venture : Eddine Saiah
Atrium Capital : George Petracek
August Capital : Eric Carlborg
Austin Technology Incubator : Kurt Faulhaber
Austin Ventures : Ed Olkkola
Austin Ventures : Joe Aragona
Avansis Ventures : Laura Lukaczyk
Avondale Ventures, LLC : Reg Greiner
Aweida Venture Partners : Dr. Harry Ross
Aweida Ventures : Dan Aweida
Axon Ventures : Afif Khoury
Azione Capital : Nicholas Chan
B Capital : Bryan Ciambella
Bachow & Associates Inc. : Paul Bachow
Bain Capital Ventures : Evan Rachlin
Bain Capital Ventures : Paul Zurlo
Balderton Capital : Roberto Bonanzinga
Ballast Point Ventures : Richard Brandewie
Ballast Point Ventures : Drew Graham
Band of Angels : Nicola Corzine 
Band of Angels : Jan Jannink
Band of Angels : Heather Crawford
Battelle Ventures : Tracy S. Warren
Battery Ventures : Ken Lawler
Battery Ventures : David Tabors
Battery Ventures : Murat Bicer
Bay Partners : Salil Deshpande
Bay Partners XI : Stu  Phillips
BayAngels : Roger King
Beacon Angels : William Swiggart
Beckon, Inc. : Jennifer Zeszut
Beechwood Capital : Larry Khan
Bell Holdings Inc.  : Robert Bell
Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Terrence Hicks
Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Jennifer Hartt
Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Mark deGrandpre, Ph.D.
Benchmark Capital : Bill Gurley
Bengur Bryan & Co, Inc : Oz Bengur
Bertram Capital : Jeff Drazan
Bessemer Venture Partners : Kent Bennett
Bessemer Venture Partners : Byron Deeter
Bessemer Venture Partners : Adam Fisher
Bessemer Venture Partners : Justin Label
Best Buy Capital : Mathew Ingle
Beta Fund : Norman Meisner
BEV Capital : David Yarnell
BEV Capital : Marc Singer
Binary Ventures : Christy Harner
Binary Ventures : Steve Nolan
Biogenesis Investment Group : Peter Allison
BioStar Ventures : Renee Masi
Birchmere Ventures : Sean Ammirati
BitSpeed  : Eric Shuss
Blackbird Ventures : Niki Scevak
Blackbird Ventures : Rick Baker
Blackbird Ventures : Bill Bartee
Blackbird Ventures : Barbara Bry
Blackstone Advisory Partners : Martin Alderson Smith
Blade Ventures : Craig Gunther
Bloomberg Ventures : Matt Turck
Blue Point Capital Partners : James Marra
Blue Seed Capital : J J Kasper
Blue Sunsets : Ed McLaughlin
Blue Water Capital : Kim Cooke
Blueprint Ventures : Ashley Read
Blueprint Ventures : Bart Schachter
BlueRun Ventures : John Malloy
Bluestein & Associates : Andrew Bluestein
BlueWater Angels : Chris Moultrup
Blumberg Capital : Dr. Charles Popper
Blumberg Capital : Jon Sobgerg
Blumberg Capital : Vishal Arora
Bonial International Group : Christian Gaiser
Boost VC : Adam Draper
Borland Capital Group : Scott Kurland
Boston Harbor Angels : William McPhee
Boston Harbor Angels : Mic Williams
Boston Millennia Partners : Bradford Callow
Boston Seed Capital : Peter  Blacklow
Boston Seed Capital : Dave Balter
Boston Seed Capital : Nicole M. Stata
Boyne Captial Partners LLC : Derek A.  McDowell
BR Venture Fund : Rhett Weiss
BR Venture Fund : Aaron Holiday
Bradmer Foods : Adam Borden
Brand Building Ventures : Parker Gilbert
Brand Foundry Ventures : Sumeet Shah
Brook Venture Partners : Andrew Clapp
Brook Venture Partners (Federal Street Capital) : Chip Purrington III
Brookside Mezzanine Partners : David Buttolph
Brynwood Partners : Joan McCabe
Bull City Venture Partners : Jason Caplain
Bull City Venture Partners : David Jones
Burrill & Company : Giovanni Ferrara
Burrill & Company : John Hamer
Business Insider : Henry Blodget
Caerus Ventures : Zachary Cherry
Caerus Ventures : Gregory Borchardt
California Capital Partners : John Nelson
California Clean Energy Fund : Nancy Pfund
Camp One Ventures : Hartman King
Canaan Partners : Deepak Kamra
Canaan Partners : Warren Lee
Canaan Partners : Daniel Ciporin
Canal Partners : Patrick Armstrong
Canal Partners : Todd Belfer
Canary Ventures : Alex Goldberg
Capital A Partners : David Mendez
Capital A Partners : Tanya Marvin-Horowitz
Capital Factory : Andrew Busey
Capital Growth : Valerie Gaydos
CapitalSouth Partners : David Reed
Cardinal Partners : Brandon Hull
Cargile Group : Miriam Eaves
Carlyle Venture Partners : Paulina Rychenkova
Carmel Ventures : Shlomo Dovrat
Carousel Capital : William T. Hobbs II
Cascadia Capital : Michael Butler
Cascadia Capital  : Kevin Cable
Castile Ventures : Roger Walton
Castile Ventures : Skip Besthoff
Catalyst Partnership : Ted Dzialowski
Cava Capital : Geoff Schneider
CCMP Capital Investors II : Greg Brenneman
CDS International Holdings  : Gary Truitt
Centripetal Capital Partner : Jeff Brodlieb
Centripetal Capital Partners : Steven Crust
Charles River Ventures : Izhar Armony
Chart Venture Partners : Michael Wu
CID Capital : John C. Aplin
CID Capital  : Rajesh Pai
Claremont Creek Venture : Nat Goldhaber
Clean Pacific Ventures : Sean Schickedanz
Clearpoint Ventures : Oliver Guinness
Cloud Bees : Sacha Labourey
CloudVelox : Anand Iyengar
CLSA Capital Partners - Pacific Transport : Teddy Tsai
ClusterHQ : Luke Marsden
CMEA Capital : Erik Sebusch
Coast Ventures, LLC : Bob Welch
Coca Cola : John Brock
CodeHS : Jeremy Keeshin
COLU : David Ring
Comcast Interactive Capital Group : Julian A. Brodsky
Comcast Ventures : Frances Schwiep
Comcast Ventures : Sam Schwartz
Commonwealth Capital Ventures : Jeffrey Hurst
Compass Technology Partners  : David  Arscott
Compuware Ventures : Tim Fisher
Conceivian : Saqib Rasool
Connecticut Innovations : Kevin Crowley
Connecticut Innovations : Peter Longo
Connecticut Innovations : Patrick O'Neill
Connecticut Innovations : Douglas Roth
Connecticut Innovations : Maneesh Sagar
Conscious Venture Lab : Jeff Cherry
Contour Venture Partners : Matt Gorin
Contour Venture Partners : Bob Greene
CoPhilly : Kevin Provost
Core Capital Partners : Grant Allen
Core Capital Partners : Jonathan Silver
Core Capital Partners : Jagtar Narula
Core Capital Partners : Mark Levine
Corigin Ventures : David Goldberg
Corigin Ventures : Jason Shuman
Cornerstone Angels : Michael Gruber
Corporate Angels : Ronald Thompson
Court Square Ventures : Randy Castleman
Coventure : Ali Hamed
CoVenture : Michael Beller
Covera Ventures : Steve Coffey
Cowboy Ventures : Aileen Lee
Cowboy Ventures : Noah Lichtenstein
Cowtown Angels : Jorge Varela
Credo Ventures : Jaroslav Trojan
Crescent Ridge Partners : Allison Long Pettine
Crestlight : Jens Horstmann
Cross Atlantic Capital Partners  : Richard Fox
Cross Atlantic Capital Partners : Carter Caldwell
Cross Atlantic Capital Partners : Rahul Singh
Cross Valley Capital : Rajat Joshi
Crossbar Capital : Charlie Federman
Crossbow Ventures Inc. : Ravi Ugale
Crosslink Capital : Eric Chin
Crowded.com : Howard Schwartz
CTI Life Sciences : Ken  Pastor
CTI Life Sciences : Shermaine Tilley
D. E. Shaw Ventures : Paul Longhenry
DAG Ventures : John Cadeddu
Daher Ventures : Michael Cichowski
Daher Ventures : Michel Daher
Dakota Ventures : Patricia Meagher
DAN Fund : Sammy  Abdullah
Darby Technology Ventures : Jonathan Whittle
Davis, Tuttle Venture Partners : Philip Tuttle
DBL Partners : Cynthia Ringo
DBL Partners : Nancy Pfund
DCA Capital Partners : Dusty Wunderlich
DCM Ventures : Carl Amdahl
Delaware Crossing Investor Group : Elizabeth Sigety
Delaware Crossing Investor Group : Loren Danzis
Delivery Hero : Niklas Ostberg
Dell : Michael  Dell
Delta-v Capital : Rand Lewis
Desert Angels : Curtis Gunn
Detroit Venture Partners : Jake Cohen
Deutsche Telekom : Andreas Wuerfel
DEV - Digital Entertainment Ventures : Alan McGlade
DFJ Frontier : Scott Lenet
DFJ Frontier : Selina Troesch
DFJ Frontier : Jon Bassett
Diamondhead Ventures : Peter Wolken
Direct Ventures, Inc. : Greg Verdino
DiversyFund : Craig Cecilio
Dizzion : Manny Ladis
DLF Capital : Brad Greenwald
DN Capital : Nenad Marovac
DN Capital : Tom Bradley
DN Capital : Steve Schlenker
Dojo : Robin Shimmin
Dolby Family Ventures : Pascal Levensohn
Dolphin Equity Partners : Richard Brekka
Dolphin Equity Partners : Salvatore Tirabassi
Domain Associates LLC : James Blair
Dominion Group : Jack BeVier
Double M Capital : Mark Mullen
Draper Associates : Joel Yarmon
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Ravi Belani
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Bill Bryant
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Don Wood
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Josh Stein
Draper Fisher Jurvetson (DFJ) : Tim Draper
Draper Fisher Jurvetson Gotham Ventures : Ross Goldstein
Draper Fisher Jurvetson Gotham Ventures (DFJG) : Daniel Schultz
Draper Triangle Ventures : Jay Katarincic
DreamIt Ventures : Karen Griffith Gryga
Dreamit Ventures : Steve Barsh
DreamIt Ventures : Kerry Rupp
DreamIt Ventures : Steve Welch
Dreamit Ventures : Mark Wachen
Driftwood Investments LLC : Beau Buck
Eastman Kodak Company : Julie Gerstenberger
Easton Capital Investment Group : John Friedman
Ecentury Capital Partners : Marsh Marshall
Edelson Technology Partners : Harry Edelson
Edison Nation : Gregg Smith
Edison Nation Medical : Kenneth Paulus
Edison Partner : Jordy Albert
Edison Partner : Christopher  Sugden
Edison Venture Fund : Doug Petillo
Edison Venture Fund : Gary Golding
Edison Venture Fund : Lenard Marcus
Edison Venture Fund : Ryan Ziegler
Edison Venture Fund : Michael Balmuth
Edison Venture Fund : John Martinson
Edison Venture Fund : David Nevas
Edison Venture Fund : Michael Kopelman
Edison Venture Fund : Sever Totia
Edison Venture Fund : Chris Sugden
Egan-Managed Capital : Travis Connors
Egan-Managed Capital : Alex Gregory
EGL Ventures : Salvatore Massaro
El Dorado Ventures : Charles Beeler
Ele.me : Xuhao Zhang
Elevate Innovation Partners : Slater Chityala
Elevate Innovation Partners & Vedas Group : Sridhar Chityala
Elevate Ventures : Stephen Hourigan
Elm Street Ventures : Adrian Horotan
Elm Street Ventures : Rob Bettigole
Elmcore Investment Advisors : Felix Danciu
Emerald Stage2 Ventures : Bruce Luehrs
Emergence Capital Partners : Gordon Ritter
Empire Angels : Christina Bechhold
Endeavor Capital : Anthony Buffa
Energy Funders : Philip Racusin
EnerTech Capital : Dean Sciorillo
Eniac Ventures : Nihal Mehta
Entrepreneuria : Dominic Marrocco
Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator : Murat Aktihanoglu
EOPP fund : Tim Kelley
EPIC Ventures : Nick  Efstratis
Evergreen Pacific Partners : Timothy D. Bernardez
EverSpin Technologies : Phill LoPresti
Excel Medical Ventures : Rick Blume
Excelerate Health Ventures : Gary Abrahams
Executive Forum Angels : Kathleen Murray
Expa : Garrett Camp
Expansion Capital Partners, LLC : Kjartan Jansen
Eyes of Texas Partners : Eric Werner
FA Technology Ventures : John Cococcia
FA Technology Ventures : Greg Hulecki
Falcon Partners, LLC : Michael J. Riccio, Jr.
Faststart Studio : Michael Sawitz
Felicis Venture : Aydin Senkut
Felicis Venture : Renata Streit Quintini
Felicis Venture : Wesley Chan
ff Venture Capital : John Frankel
ff Venture Capital : Alex Katz, JD CPA
ff Venture Capital : Michael Yavonditte
ff Venture Capital : Ryan Armbrust
ff Venture Capital : David Teten
FilterEasy : Kevin Barry
Finistere Ventures : Paul Zorner
Finistere Ventures : Jerry Caulder
Finistere Ventures : Arama Kukutai
Fireman Capital Partners : Liam Patrick
First Analysis Venture Capital : Jim Macdonald 
First Beverage Group : William S. Anderson
First Mark Capital : Chris Ahearn
First Mark Capital : Tasso Argyros
First Mark Capital : Josh Abramson
First Mark Capital : Joseph Essas
First Round Capital : Phin Barnes
First Round Capital : Chris Fralic
First Round Capital (and NY Angels) : Howard Morgan
FirstMark Capital  : Sutian Dong
FirstMark Capital : Amish Jani
FirstMark Capital : Paul Cianciolo
FirstMark Capital : Heekyung Kim
FirstMark Capital : Rick Heitzmann
FirstMark Capital (formerly Pequot Ventures) : Divya Gugnani
Flatiron Investors : Laurel Touby
FLOODGATE : Mike Maples
Fluke Venture Partners : Dennis P. Weston
Flybridge Capital Partners : Michael Greeley
Flybridge Capital Partners : Jesse Middleton
Flybridge Capital Partners : Matthew Witheiler
Flybridge Partners : Chip Hazard
Flyover Capital : Tim Foote
Flywheel Ventures : Scott Caruso
Food Future : Shen Tong
Food X : Joe Foxton
Food X : Chris Stueart
Foodshed Investors NY : Derek Denckla
Forerunner Ventures : Kirsten Green
Forerunner Ventures : Eurie Kim
Formative Ventures : Clint Chao
Forte Ventures : Tom Hawkins
Forward Accelerator : Jack Porter
Forward Ventures : Stan Fleming
Foundation Capital : Charles Moldow
Foundation Capital : Bill Elmore
Foundation Capital : Steve Vassallo
Foundation Capital : Paul Holland
Founder VC : David  Lane
Founders Fund : Lauren Gross
Founders Fund : Geoff Lewis
Founders Fund : Scott Nolan
Fountain Partners : Tom Carter
FP Angels : Kenneth Huynh
FP Angels : Stephen Silver
FP Angels and Fundamental Financial : Tim Haddock
Francisco Partners : Dipanjan Deb
Frank N. Magid Associates : Mike Vorhaus
Fresh Tracks Capital : Lee Bouyea
Frog Capital :  Mike Reid	
Frontier Equities Venture Capital : Marit Molin
FTVentures : Liron Gitig
FundingPost.com : Yuriy Porytko
Fung Capital : Janie Yu
FuturePerfect Ventures : Jalak Jobanputra
G.C. Andersen Partners, LLC  : Thomas Blum
G20 Ventures : Bill Wiberg
Gabriel Investments : Holly Flanagan
Gabriel Venture Partners : Scott Chou
Galen Partners : Zubeen Shroff
Gambit Ventures : Keith Petri
Garage Technology Ventures : Guy Kawasaki
Gastronome Ventures : Douglas Raggio
GE Ventures : Iana Dimkova
Geekdom Fund : Cole Wollak
Gefinor Ventures  : Greg Carlisle
Gemini Israel Ventures : Menashe Ezra
Gemini Israel Ventures : Yossi Sela
Gemini Israel Ventures : Eran Wagner
Genacast Ventures : David Horowitz
Genacast Ventures : Gil Beyda
General Catalyst Partners : Kevin Colleran
General Catalyst Partners : Larry Bohn
General Mills Ventures : Amol Dixit
General Mills Ventures : Meredith Schwarz
Gera Venture Capital : Duda Falcao
Gibraltar Ventures : Cam Di Prata
Gilt Groupe : Kevin Ryan
Global Entrepreneurship Program : Caron De Mars
Global Founders Capital : Oliver Samwer
GlobalTech Ventures : Thomas Bonetti
Globespan Capital Partners : Dave Fachetti
Golden Gate Capital : David Dominik
Golden Seeds : Anne Shehab
Golden Seeds : Rob Delman
Golden Seeds : Stephanie Hanbury-Brown
Golden Seeds : Peggy Wallace
Golden Seeds : Loretta McCarthy
GoodCompany Ventures : David Famolari
Google Ventures : Rich Miner
Graham Partners : Paul Nolen
Grand Central Holdings : Gregory Belmont
Grande Ventures : Gregory Denicola
Granite Ventures : Chris Mckay
Granite Ventures : Chris Hollenbeck
Gray Ghost Ventures : Margaret Yuan
Grayhawk Capital : Sherman Chu
Greenberg Traurig : Victor Semah
Greenberg Traurig : Victor Semah
Greenberg Traurig : Jaret Davis
Greenberg Traurig : Craig Lilly
Greenhill SAVP : James B.  Lockhart
Greenspring Associates : Ashton Newhall
Greycroft Partners : Dana Settle
Greycroft Partners : Ian Sigalow
Greycroft Partners : Alan Patricof
Greycroft Partners : Kamran Ansari
Greycroft Partners : Jon Goldman
Greylock Partners : Josh Elman
Greylock Partners : Joseph Ansanelli
Grotech Ventures : Joseph Zell
Grotech Ventures : Steve Fredrick
Grotech Ventures : Wagish Bhartiya
Grotech Ventures : Don Rainey
Grow VC Group : Jouko Ahvenainen
Growth Capital Partners : John McNabb, II
GrowthX : Will Bunker
GSV Capital : Michael Moe
GT Greenberg Traurig : Michelle Rowe Hallsten
Guggenheim Venture Partners : Darren Wallis
Guggenheim Venture Partners : Debbie Gelb
Guide Ventures : Jim Thornton
GulfStar Group : W. Clifford Atherton Jr., Ph.D., CFA
H.I.G. Capital Partners IV : Sami Mnaymneh
H.I.G. Ventures : John Kim
Halifax Capital Partners II : David Dupree
Hambrecht Geneva Ventures : Igor Sill
Hamilton Investment Partners, LLC  : Marc Cole
Hamilton Investment Partners, LLC : Brian Fenty
Hangar Ventures : Jason Story
Harbert Venture Partners II : Wayne L. Hunter
HarbourVest Partners, LLC : Peter Lipson
Hartford Ventures : Rohit Bodas
Hatteras Venture Partners : Christy Shaffer
Haug Capital Partners  : John Vogus 
HBS Alumni Angels NY : Lockie Andrews
HBS Angels : Peter Boutros
HBS Angels : Jason Klein
HealthCare Ventures : John Littlechild
Hera-Labs : Silvia Mah
Hercules Technology Growth Capital : Todd Jaquez-Fissori
Heritage Equity Partners / Gotham Angels : Toby Moskovits
Heron Capital : Michael Shepard
Hewlett Packard : Shaw Zhang
HG Capital : Henry J.H. Bandet
High Peaks Venture Partners : Rahul Gandhi
High Peaks Venture Partners : Mark Peter Davis
Highland Capital Partners : Maeve O'Meara
Highland Capital Partners : Peter Bell
Highland Capital Partners : Faisal Ahmad
Highland Capital Partners : Alexander Taussig
Hillcrest Venture Partners : Darin Chen
Hitachi Business Finance : Mike Semanco
HO2 Partners : Charles Humphreyson
Holtzbrinck Ventures : Dr. Lars Langusch
Holtzbrinck Ventures : Christoph Jung
Holtzbrinck Ventures : Sven Achter
Honda Strategic Venturing : Paul Cummings
Horizon Ventures : John Hall
Horizons Ventures : Jack Carsten
Hot Ventures : Rick Gibson
Houston Angel Network : Richard Scruggs
Houston Angel Network HAN : Jeff Harder
Houston Health Ventures : David  Franklin
Houston Technology Center : Nick  Tillmann
Houston Technology Center (HTC) : Charles  Wohl
Hoxton Ventures : Dylan Collins
Hudson Ventures : Jay Goldberg
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Mark  Gorenberg
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Ann Winblad
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Lars Leckie
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Prashant Shah
Hunt Ventures : Chris Kleinert
Hunt Ventures : Dan Klein
Huron Capital Partners : Brian A. Demkowicz
Hyde Park Angels : RH Bailin
Hyde Park Angels : Jeffrey Carter
Hydra Ventures : Tom Montgomery
IBM Venture Capital Group : Matthew Denesuk, PH.D.
iC2 Institute, Austin Technology Incubator : Bart Bohn
Icon Ventures : Thomas Mawhinney
Icon Ventures : Michael Mullany
iD Innovation : Charles Pan
iD Ventures America, LLC : Roger  Liao  
IDG Capital Partners : Alexandre Quirici
IDG Ventures : Paul Ferrell
IDG Ventures SF : Patrick Kenealy
Idinvest Partners : Benoist Grossmann
Idinvest Partners : Christophe Baviere
IDT Ventures : Adam Farber
IDT Ventures : Nathan Baruch
iGlobe Partners : Philip Yeo
Ignite Venture Partners  : Landon Pollack
Ignition Partners : Jon Anderson
i-Hatch Ventures : Brad Farkas
i-Hatch Ventures  : Chip Austin
IMS Ventures : Yale Brown
INC3 Ventures, LLC : Dhimant Bhayani
Incubate Miami : Marc Billings
Independence Equity : Donald Sackman
Index Ventures : Ben Holmes
Index Ventures : Jan  Hammer
Industry Ventures : Hans Swildens
Infinity Venture Capital Fund : Ken Rind
Inflection Point Ventures : Jeff Davison
Innovation Garden : Scott Sipprelle
Innovation Ventures : David J. Freschman
Innovative Food Holdings : Sam Klepfish
iNovia Capital : John Elton
Insight Venture Partners : Jeff Lieberman
Insight Venture Partners : Jeff Horing
Insight Venture Partners : Nikitas Koutoupes
Insight Venture Partners : Michael Triplett
inSITE : Manoj Jonna
Institutional Venture Partners : Todd Chaffee
Integra Ventures : Joseph Piper
Intel Capital : Charles Scott
Intel Capital  : Sita Vasan
Intel Capital : Sanjit Dang
International Venture Fund : Debra Guerin Beresini
International Venture Fund : Kirk Westbrook
Internet Capital Group : Bertrand Navarrete
Intersouth Partners : David Pierson
Interwest Partners : Bruce Cleveland
InterWest Partners : Khaled Nasr
InterWest Partners : Doug Pepper
Inverness Graham Investments : Scott Kehoe
Inverness Graham Investments : Michael Morrissey
Inverness Graham Investments : Kenneth Graham
Investors Colaborative : Brad Kayton
Iora Health : Rushika Fernandopulle
Ironside Ventures : Stephen Brackett
Ironwood Capital : Victor Budnick
ITJ Ventures : Hugh Cullman
Javelin Ventures : Jed Katz
Jeff Weber Ventures : Jeffrey Weber
Jefferson Capital Partners : William J. Harper
JEGI Capital : Roger Krakoff
Jersey Angels : Eric Greenberg
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Kobi Rozengarten
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Gadi Tirosh
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Raffi Kesten
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Erel N. Margalit
Jina Ventures Inc : Ron Shah
JMI Equity : Jennifer Ding
JumpStart New Jersey Angel Network : Katherine O'Neill
K2 Labs : Christian Brucculeri
K5 Venture Partners : Stephen Block
Kapor Capital : Mitchell Kapor
Karter Capital Advisors : Liddy Karter
KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp. III : Marlene Krauss, M.D.
KBS Ventures : Josh Engroff
Kedge Ventures : Kumar S. Sripadam
Keiretsu Forum : Larry Chaityn
Keiretsu Forum : Harry Lee
Keiretsu Forum : Todd Dean
Keiretsu Forum : Ira Wallace
Keiretsu Forum : Fred Gumbinner
Kestrel Asset Management : Michael Kane
Khosla Ventures : Benjamin Ling
Kibo Ventures : Jose Maria Amusategui
Kibo Ventures : Javier Torremocha
Kibo Ventures : Aquilino Pena
Kingdom Venture Partners : Robert Moss
Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers : Russell Siegelman
Klifer Capital : Sachin Jade
Knight Foundation : Benoit Wirz
Korea Technology Investment Corp. : Sookja Han-You
Kraft Group : Robert K. Kraft
La Costa Investment Group : Navid Alipour
Labrador Ventures : Sean Foote
Labrador Ventures : Larry Kubal
Laconia Capital Group : David Arcara
Las Olas Venture Capital : Mark Volchek
LaSalle Investments : Bob Geras
Lattice Ventures : Brittany Gorevic
Launch Capital : Konstantine Drakonakis
Launch Capital LLC : Elon Boms
LaunchCapital : Dave Shen
Launchpad Venture Group : Glenn Champagne
Lazard Technology Partners : Kevin Burns
Lead Dog Ventures : John Landry
Leaf Clean Energy : Matthew Fedors
Legend Capital : Zhu Linan
Legend Ventures : Todd Klein
Lerer Hippeau Ventures : Eric Hippeau
Lerer Hippeau Ventures : Kenneth Lerer
Lerer Hippeau Ventures : Ben Lerer
LFE Capital  : Ron Leaf
Liberati Corporation : John Liberati
Liberati Corporation : Maria Liberati
Liberty City Ventures : Dorothy Jean Chang
Liberty Venture Partners : Thomas Morse
LightSpeed Venture Partners : Will Kohler
Lightspeed Venture Partners : Andrew Moley
Lightyear Capital : Donald Marron
Lightyear Capital : Michael Doppelt
Lightyear Capital : Chris Casciato
Linden Capital Partners : Brian C. Miller
Liquid Capital Group : Randy Domolky
Liquidity Works : Kyle Harris
Lizhi : Yang Zhou
LLR Partners : Tim Foster
LLR Partners : David Reuter
Lobodos Ventures : Michael Wolf
Lone Star New Markets : Arthur Hollingsworth
Longworth Venture Partners : Nilanjana Bhowmik
Longworth Venture Partners : John Lawrence
LORE ASSOCIATES   : John Patberg
Loup Ventures : Doug Clinton
LunaCap Ventures : Paul Capon
Lux Capital : Peter Hebert
Macomb-OU INC : Mike Brennan
Madrona Venture Group : Tom  Alberg
Mangrove Capital : Mark Tluszcz
Marlin Equity Partners II : David Mcgovern
Maryland TEDCO : Robert Rosenbaum
Mashable : Pete Cashmore
Massachusetts Clean Energy Center : Arif Padaria
MassCatalyst  : Bobby  Katoli
Masthead Venture Partners : Daniel Flatley
Matrix Capital : Michael C. Morrison
Matrix Partners : Chris Kelly
Matrix Partners China : David Zhang
Maverick Angels : Ravindra Kondagunta
MAVN Funding : Stephen Silver
Mayfield Fund : John Stockton
McCarter English  : David J Sorin
McCown De Leeuw & Co. : Bob Hellman
MCI Management : Tomasz Czechowicz
MCI Management : Cezary Smorszczewski
Medina Capital : Manuel D. Medina
MedVenture Associates : Jan Barker
Meidlinger Partners : Kevin Brophy
Meidlinger Partners : Tami Fratis
Mellanox Capital : Nimrod Gindi
Menlo Ventures : Douglas C. Carlisle
Menlo Ventures : Sonja Hoel Perkins
Mercury Fund : Blair Garrou
Meridian Management Group, Inc.  : Catherine Lockhart
Meridian Venture Partners : Thomas Penn
Meritech Capital Partners : George Bischof
Meritech Capital Partners : Mike Gordon
Mesa Ventures : Andrew Montgomery
Meta : Ben Sand
Metamorphic Ventures : Brandon Buchanan
Metamorphic Ventures : David Hirsch
Metamorphic Ventures : Marc Michel
Metis Group : Shannon Lopez
MI-12 Ventures, LLC : Joseph Hackett
Miami Innovation Fund : Steve Repetti
Miami Innovation Fund : Ricardo Weisz
Miami Innovation Fund : Rajat Joshi
Michigan Funders : David Tessler
Michigan Funders : Niles Heron
Microsoft Ventures : Priya Saiprasad
Mid Atlantic Bio Angels : Yaniv Sneor
Mid-Atlantic Venture Association : Kimberly Weir
Middlebury Venture Partners : Robert P. Mahoney 
Milestone Venture Partners : Alan S. Kelley
Milestone Venture Partners : Richard Dumler
Millennium Technology Value Partners  : Daniel Burstein
Millennium Technology Ventures, LP : Dan Borok
Minority Angel Investor Network : Sushma Rajagopalan
Mission OG : Andy Newcomb
MobDog : Sean Anderson
Mobility Ventures : David Sym-Smith
Mobility Ventures : Roman Kikta
Mohn Davidow Ventures : Pamela Mahoney
Mohr Davidow Ventures : Sven Strohband
Money Dashboard : Gavin Littlejohn
Montage Ventures : Todd  Kimmel
Montagu Newhall Associates : Patrick A. Cairns
Montlake Capital : Rob Wiltbank
Monument Advisors, Inc. : Larry Wechter
Monumental Venture Partners : Roland Oliver
Moore Venture Partners : Terry W.  Moore
Mosley Ventures : Sig Mosley
Motorola Solutions Venture Capital : Reese Schroeder
Motorola Ventures : Code Cubbit
Mountaineer Capital : Patrick Bond
MPB Investment : Matthew P.  Barach  
Murphree Venture Partners : Dennis Murphree
MVM Life Science Partners : Bosun Hau
MVP Capital Partners : Thomas Penn
Nanostart Investments : Michael Flach
NAV Fund : Jose Ferreira
NAV Fund : Scott Johnson
NEA - New Enterprise Associates : Justin Klein, MD, JD
NEA - New Enterprise Associates : Peter Barris
NeoCarta Ventures : Paul Hsu
NetworkingPhoenix : Gelie Akhenblit
New Atlantic Ventures (NAV) : Thanasis Delistathis
New Atlantic Ventures (NAV) : John Backus
New Atlantic Ventures (NAV) : Todd Hixon
New Markets Venture Partners : Robb Doub
New Vantage Group : John May
New World Angels : Jonathan Cole
New World Angels : Doug Gluck
New World Angels : Franc Nemanic
New World Angels : Rhys Williams
New World Ventures : Jeffrey Maters
New York Angels : Brian Cohen
New York Angels : Angel Investing Group
New York Angels : Bob Gailus
New York Angels : Alain Bankier
New York Angels : Chris Saxman
New York Angels : Paul Sciabica
New York Angels : Mark Schneider
New York Angels : Jeffrey Seltzer
New York City Investment Fund : Maria Gotsch
New York Life Ventures : Robert Hayden
New York Venture Partners : Trace Cohen
NewGen Venture Partners : Lu Zhang
Newlight  Associates : Doug Miscoll
Newlight Associates : Robert Brill
NewSpring Capital : Glenn T. Rieger
NewSpring Capital : Adam VeVerka
Next World Capital : Craig Hanson
Next World Capital : Tom Rikert
Next World Capital : Sebastien Lepinard
Next World Capital : Ben Fu
next47 : Ravi Mulugu
NextSeed : Abe Chu
NextStage Capital : Terry Williams
NextStage LLC : John Belizaire
NGP Energy Technology Partners   : Philip Deutch
NJTC Venture Fund : Phillip Chan
NJTC Venture Fund : Joe Falkstein
NJTC Venture Fund : Jim Guntun
Nokia : Hitesh Anand
Noro-Moseley Partners : Kathy Harris
North Bay Equity Partners : Matthew E. Cole
North Bridge Venture Partners : Ed Anderson
North Bridge Venture Partners  : Edward Anderson
North Bridge Venture Partners : Rich D'Amore
North Bridge Venture Partners : Ric Fulop
North Coast : Lindsay Aspegren
North Sea Ventures : Robert Wilson
Northgate Capital : Alfredo Alfaro
Northgate Capital : Hosein Khajeh
Northgate Capital : Thomas Vardell
Northgate Capital : Brent Jones
Northgate Capital : Alnoor  Ramji
Northwest Quadrant Ventures : Bryant Hayward
Northwest Venture Associates : Tom Simpson
Norwest Venture Partners : Robert Abbott
Norwest Venture Partners : Lisa Wu
Norwest Venture Partners : Joshua Goldman
Norwest Venture Partners : Sergio Monsalve
Novak Biddle Venture Partners : Janet Yang
Novak Biddle Venture Partners : Prashanth Boccasam
Novak Biddle Venture Partners : Sean Glass
Novitas Capital : Scott Nissenbaum
NYC Investment Fund : Marsha Yuan
NYC Seed : Owen Davis
NYU Innovation Venture Fund : Frank Rimalovski
OMERS Ventures : Jim Balsillie
OmniCapital Group : David Stahl
One Equity Partners   : Ethan Ayer
One Match Ventures : Sky Fernandes
ONSET Ventures : Raman Khanna
Open Prairie Ventures : Steve Griffin
Open Prairie Ventures : Jim Schultz
OpenView Partners : Scott Maxwell
OpenView Partners : Amanda Maksymiw
OpenView Venture Partners : George Roberts
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Jonathan T. Silverstein
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Carl L. Gordon
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Sven H. Borho
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Samuel D. Isaly
Oregon Angel Fund (OAF) : Scott Sandler
Organic Startup : Scott Sangster
Originate Ventures : Matt Bieber
Osage University Partners : David Drahms
Osage University Partners : Nate Lentz
Osage University Partners : Michael Phelan
Osage Venture Partners : David Drahms
Osage Venture Partners : Robert Adelson
Osage Venture Partners : Sean Dowling
Ovation Capital : Todd Squilanti
OVP Venture Partners : Gerry Langeler
OVP Venture Partners : Lucinda Stewart
OVP Venture Partners : Charles Waite
OVP Venture Partners : Bill Funcannon
Oxford Bioscience Partners : Christopher Kim, Ph.D.
PA Early Stage : Guy Winters, Jr.
PA Early Stage Partners : Paul Schmidt
Pacesetter Capital Group : Divakar  Kamath
Pacific Horizon Ventures : Donald Elmer
Pacific Southwest Ventures : Craig Ballard
Pacific West Land, LLC : Martin A. Stever
Pacifica Fund : Himanshu Choksi
Paladin Capital : Mike Steed
Paladin Capital Group : Hannah Clifford
Paladin Capital Group : William Reinisch
Paladin Partners : Janis Machala
Palm Ventures : Harold Levy
PalmStar Media Capital : Michael Bassick
Palo Alto Venture Partners : Neil Weintraut
Palomar Ventures : Kevin Jacques
Panacea Capital Advisors : Sam Rubenstein
Pantegrion Capital : Alicia Syrett
Pantegrion Capital : Alicia Syrett
Paperboy Ventures : Jaime J. Lewis
Pappas Ventures  : Art Pappas
Partech International : Tom McKinley
Partech International : Philippe Cases
Partnership for New York City  : Mark Thompson
Pasadena Angels : Steve Slater
Pasadena Angels : Louis Dienes
Peachtree Equity Partners : Andy Rose
Peachtree Equity Partners : John McCarty
Peate Ventures : John Peate
Pebble Creek Partners : Dave Galanis
Pelion Venture Partners : Ben Dahl
Pelion Venture Partners : Carl Ledbetter
Penny Black : Eliot T. Durbin
Perfect Pages : Dan Settgast
Phabriq Development : Scott Edward McIntyre
Phenomenelle Angels Fund, 1, LP : Lauren Flanagan
Piedmont Angel Network : Lou Anne Flanders-Stec
Pitango Venture Capital : Bruce Crocker
Pivot Investment Partners : Dinkar Jetley
Playbook Inc : Chris Uhrig
Plus Eight Equity Partners : Rishi Patel
Point One Percent : Elijah Duckworth-Schachter
Polaris Partner : Pat Kinsel
Polaris Partner : John Gannon
Polaris Partner : Alan Crane
Polaris Partner : Brian Chee
Polaris Partner : Noel Ruane
Polaris Partner : Gary Swart
Polaris Partner : Jason Trevisan
Polaris Partner : Amy Schulman
Polaris Partner : Peter Flint
Polaris Partner : Dave Barrett
Polaris Venture Partners : Kevin Bitterman
Pond Venture Partners : Richard Irving
Portland Seed Fund : Angela Jackson
Portview Communications Partners : Robin Hacke
Portview Communications Partners : Sandy Roskes
powerHouse : Dr. Stephen Hampson
Practo Technologies : Shashank ND
Precision Ventures : Josh Wiesman
Presidio Venture Capital  : John  Frazier
Presidio Ventures : Ross Leav
PriceMatch : Khalid  El Guitti
Prigel Capital, LLC : Kevin Prigel
Prism Venture Partners : John Brooks
Pritzker Group VC : J.B. Pritzker
Privatas Equity Holdings LLC : E. Boyan Josic
Promettre International Ventures, Inc. : P. Stan Keith
Propeller Investments : Andrew Morgan
Propeller.vc : Jason  Kaminsky
Propeller.vc : Jason  Kaminsky
PropFunds LP : Jim  Aldrich
Prosper Marketplace : Ron Suber
Psilos : Jeffrey M. Krauss
Pyramid Technology Ventures : Alexander Rhea
QED Investors : Nigel Morris
Qualcomm Ventures : Gil Demeter
Qualcomm Ventures : Albert Wang
Questmark Partners : Michael Leidesdorff
Quixey : Liron Shapira
Quotidian Ventures : Demian Bellumio
RAA Ventures : Henry Wu
RAA Ventures : Robert Afshar
Radius Ventures : Jordan Davis
Raise : George Bousis
Rakesh Agrawal, SnapStream Founder & Investor : Rakesh Agrawal
Ramsey Financial Group : Meagan  Crawford
Raptor Ventures : Harry DeMott
RealCrowd : Adam Hooper
Recursive Ventures : Itamar Novick
Red and Blue Ventures : Brett Topche
Red Bear Angels : Meghan Cross
Red Giraffe Advisors : Sapna Shah
Red Rock Ventures : Laura Brege
Red Ventures : Abhishek Ratani
Redpoint Ventures : Allen Beasley
RedShift Ventures : Ransom Parker
Redstone Business Holdings, LLC : Jason Jimenez
Relay Ventures : John Occhipinti
Relay Ventures : Alex Baker
Renovus Capital Partners : Brad Whitman
Republic : Kendrick Nguyen
Research Valley Funds : James Lancaster
Resonant Venture Capital : Michael Godwin
Rethink Education : Matt Greenfield
Revelry Brands : Brendan Synnott
Revelstoke Capital Partners : Mark M. King
Reynolds & Company Venture Partners LLC : Andrew Reynolds
Rho Ventures : Ben Terk
Rho Ventures : Medha Vedaprakash
Rho Ventures : Habib Kairouz
Ridgewood Capital : Lou Mazzucchelli
Ripple Labs : Chris Larsen
Rittenhouse Ventures : Saul Richter
Riverwood Capital : Michael Marks
Robert Bosch Venture Capital GmbH : Dr. Markus Thill
Robin Hood Ventures : Maria Maccecchini
Robin Hood Ventures : Tom Olenzak
Robin Hood Ventures : Ellen Weber
Robin Hood Ventures : Rob Weber
Robin Hood Ventures : George Marks
Robin Hood Ventures : John Moore
Robin Hood Ventures : John Moran
Rockbrook Advisors : Kristina Castle
Rockefeller Group Investment Management : Dennis Irvine
Rocket Ventures : Michael Bogdan
Rocket Ventures : Jeff Allen
Rockfish : Michael Stich
Rockfish : Dave Knox
Rodale : Jon Levy
Rothenberg Ventures : Mike Rothenberg
RRE Ventures : James Robinson IV
RRE Ventures : Raju Rishi
RRE Ventures : Mac Lipscomb
RRE Ventures : Will Porteous
RRE Ventures : Alexa du Pont
RTP Ventures : Kirill Sheynkman
RTP Ventures : Steve Berg
Rubicon Ventures : Joshua B. Siegel
Rudyard Partners : Cristina Dolan
Rudyard Partners : Matthew Growney
Rustic Canyon Partners : Jon Staenberg
Rustic Canyon Partners : John Babcock
Rustic Canyon Partners : Neal Hansch
Rustic Canyon Venture Partners : Ed Fu
S3 Ventures : Brian R. Smith
SaaStr Fund : Michael Cardamone
Saban Capital Group : Haim Saban
SABAN Ventures : Richard Yen
SABIC : Jim  Allman
Sacramento Angels : Roger Akers
Safeguard Scientifics : David Luk
Safeguard Scientifics, Inc.  : Mark Mitchell
Samsung Catalyst Fund : Jonathan Charles
Samsung Ventures : Stephen Lee
Sand Hill Angels : Jim Connor
Sand Hill Angels : Mohammed Alzubi
Sand Hill Angels : Ryan Kennedy
Sanderling Ventures : Robert McNeil, Ph.D.
SAP Ventures : Gaurav Tewari
SAP Ventures : Raza Jafri
Sapphire Ventures : Nino Marakovic
Saratoga Equity, Inc. : Frank Maresca
SAS Investors  : Ramana Jampala
Saturn Partners : Susan Antonio
Sazze : Jacob Chapman
Scale Venture Partners : Rory O’Driscoll
Sceata Technology Group : Salvatore Gaglio
Schneider Electric Ventures : Benoit Toulouse
Scout RFP : Chris  Crane
Scout Ventures : Bradley C Harrison
SDS Ventures : Francisco Martin
SeaPoint Ventures : Melissa Widner
SeaPoint Ventures : Susan Sigl
Seaport Capital : Andrew Meyers
Security Growth Partners : Elad Yoran
Seed Sumo : Bryan Bulte
SeedInvest : James Han
SeedSumo : Steven Tinkle
Selby Venture Partners : Bob Marshall
Selby Venture Partners : Michael Burgess
Sentient Ventures : Don Carson
Seraph Capital : Villette Nolan
SeventySix Capital : Scott Bohrer
SeventySix Capital (ETF Venture Funds) : Howard Smith
Sevin Rosen Funds : William Paiva
Shasta Ventures  : Jason Pressman
Shasta Ventures : Rob Coneybeer
Shasta Ventures : Tod Francis
Shasta Ventures : Nitin Chopra
Shaw Management Advisors LLC (SMAI)  : Peter Shaw
Shepperd Mullin : Joseph Daniels
Shipman and Goodwin : Peter Bilfield
Shirat Enterprises Ltd.  : Eliezer Manor
Shore Capital Partners : Justin Ishbia
Siemens Venture Capital : Michael Majors
Siemens Venture Capital : Eric Bielke
SierraMaya360 : Eric Kagan
SierraMaya360 : Amish Shah
Sigma Partners : John Mandile
Sigma West : Josh Breinlinger
Sigma West : Gregory Gretsch
Sigma West : Peter Solvik
Signal Equity Partners : Alfred Puchala
Signal Peak Ventures : Ron Heinz
Signature Investment Group : Nick Jekogian
Signia Venture Partners : Linus Liang
Silas Capital : Carter Weiss
Silicom Ventures : Angel Investor Group
Silicom Ventures : Shlomo  Waser
Silicon Harbor PR : Paul Swiergosz
Silicon Valley Bank : Ryan Edwards
Silicon Valley Open Doors : David Koehn
Silver Creek Ventures : John Adler
Silver Lake Partners : Mike Bingle
Silver Lake Partners : Susannah Carrier
Silver Lake Partners : John Brennan
Silver Lake Partners : Raj Atluru
Silver Lake Partners III : Joerg Adams
Silverton Partners : Morgan Flager
Simon Venture Group : J. Skyler Fernandes
Simon Venture Group : Natalie Hwang
SJF Ventures : David Kirkpatrick
SJF Ventures : Arrun Kapoor
SJF Ventures : David Griest
SJF Ventures : Alan Kelley
SJF Ventures : Cody Nystrom
SK Telecom Ventures : Min Park
Slater Technology Fund : Thorne Sparkman
Slow Ventures : Dave Morin
SmartForest : Thomas Toy
Social Leverage : Howard Lindzon
Softbank Capital : Nikhil Kalghatgi
Softbank Capital : Steven Murray
SoftBank Capital  : Ron Schreiber 
Softbank Capital : Jordan Levy
SoftTech VC : Jeff Clavier
Solis Capital Partners : Daniel Lubeck
Sonic Words : Tim Gentry
Sorenson Capital : Ron Mika
SoundBoard Angel Fund : Jonathan Hakakian
South Valley Angels : Danielle Davenport
Spark Capital : Alex Finkelstein
Spencer Trask Ventures : Steve Wendler
Split Rock Partners : Jim Simons
Split Rock Partners : Josh Baltzell
Split Rock Partners : Michael Gorman
Square Peg Capital : Paul Bassat
Square Peg Capital : Gavin Appel
Square Peg Capital : Barry Brott
SR One : Kent Gossett
SSM Partners : Casey West
Stagefront Partners : Beau Gordon
Star Angel Network : Erica Minnihan
STAR Angel Network : Justin Humphries
Star Mountain Capital  : Christopher Gimbert
Star Mountain Capital : Brett Hickey
StartHouston : James Tao
StarVest Partners : Laura Sachar
StarVest Partners : Jeanne Sullivan
Starwood Capital Group : Barry Sternlicht
Steelhead Capital Management : Leslie  Kreis
Stellar : Jed McCaleb
Sternhill Partners : Marc Geller
Stolberg Equity Partners LLC : Chad Lyne
Stonehenge Growth Equity Partners : Brian Model
Stony Lonesome Group : Sean Drake
Storm Ventures : Tae Hea Nahm
Storm Ventures : Ryan  Floyd
StrategixVision : Bill Clem
Stripes Group : Dan Marriott
Stripes Group : Ken Fox
Studio VC : Joseph Coyne
Subtraction Capital : Jason Portnoy
Suffolk Equity Partners : Freddie Martignetti
Summit Partners : Mark deLaar
Sunrock Ventures : Matthew Shaw
Sunstone Capital : Peter Benson
Sunstone Capital : Jimmy Fussing Nielsen
Sunstone Capital : Jorgen Smidt
Surge Accelerator : Kirk Coburn
Sutter Hill Ventures : Jeff Bird
Sutter Hill Ventures : Andy Sheenhan
SV Angel : David Lee
SV Angel : Brian Pokorny
SV Life Sciences : Samuel Wu, MD, PhD
Swig Equities : Kent Swig
Symmetric Partners : Daniel K. Doyle
Symmetric Ventures : Adi Levanon
Sysco Ventures : Brian Beach
T2 Venture Capital : Greg Horowitt
TA Associates : Michael Libert
TA Venture : Viktoriya  Tigipko
TA Venture : Marco Valta
Taboola : Adam Singolda
Tamiami Angel Fund : Timothy Cartwright
Target Ventures : Vadim Tarasov
TBL Capital : Mark Finser
Team Europe : Kolja Hebenstreit
Tech Coast Angels : Amir Banifatemi
Tech Coast Angels : Ray Chan
Tech Coast Angels : Christopher Buckstein
Tech Coast Angels : Stewart Roberts
Tech Coast Angels : Jeffrey Lapin
Tech Coast Angels : Wayne Rickard
Tech Coast Angels & Venture Farm : Sid Mohasseb
Tech Coast Venture Network : Ash Kumra
Tech WildCatters : Molly Cain
Technology Crossover Ventures : Erik Blachford
Technology Crossover Ventures : Simon Breakwell
Technology Crossover Ventures : Jerome Hershey
Techstars :  Alex  Iskold
TechStock, Inc. : Robert Petrie
Techxas Ventures : Bruce Ezell
Telecommunications Development Fund : Neal Douglas
Tenaya Capital : Ben Boyer
Tenaya Capital : Tom Banahan
Tenex Medical Investors : Private Investor Group
Tenex Medical Investors : Alfred Mandel
Tengelmann Ventures : Helmut Klawitter
Texas Women Ventures : Whitney Johns Martin
TEXO Ventures : Randall Crowder
Thayer Ventures : Mark Farrell
The Angel's Forum : J.C. Sarner
The Arizona Founders Fund : Ruminder Dhillon
The Atlanta Technology Angels : Greg Smith
The Atlanta Technology Angels : Michael Horton
The Batchery : Joshua Langenthal
The Batchery : Ahmed Chaudhary
The Batchery : Kal Deutsch
The Brandery : Mike Bott
The CAPROCK Group : Gregory A. Brown
The Cornell Group  : Pamy J.S.  Arora 
The Edtech fund : Stanley Buchesky
The Florida Value Fund : Gil Hermon
The Fresh Diet : Zalmi Duchman
The Grosvenor Funds : Will Thierbach
The Gulf Coast Venture Forum : John Gleeson
The Halo Funds : Ed Esber
The MAG Fund / Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Chris Starr
The Refinery : Janis Collins
The Soho Loft : David Drake
The Trim Tab Group  : Scott Toborg
The Verticom Group : Christian Mayaud
The View Group : Mintoo Bhandari
The Worldwide Investor Network (W.I.N.) : Elizabeth Lopez
Thesis Ventures  : Michael O'Donnell
Third Shore Group : Chris Kondogiani
Thomvest Ventures : Andrew Tweed
Ticonderoga Capital : Tyler Wick
TL Ventures : Atul Madahar
Tollman Capital Partners : Kyle Fugere
Topstone Angels : Kristin Calve
Touchdown Ventures : David Horowitz
Touchdown Ventures : Richard Grant
Touchdown Ventures : Scott Lenet
TPG Growth : William E. McGlashan
Tradesy : John Hall
Trailblazer Capital : Joel Fontenot
TransferWise : Kristo  Kaarmann
Transformation Ventures : Unity Stoakes
Translink Capital : Jay Eum
Transmedia Capital : Chris Redlitz
Trestle Ventures : Vince Menichelli
Tribeca Venture Partners : Brian Hirsch
Tribeca Venture Partners : Somak Chattopadhyay
Trident Capital : Alberto Yepez
Trident Capital : Matt Chagan
Trident Capital : Venetia Kontogouris
Trident Capital : Nick Bellomo
Trident Capital : Michael Biggee
Trinity Energy Group : Victor Roman
Trinity Ventures : Alex Osadzinski
Trinity Ventures : Phil Carter
Trinity Ventures : Jim Tybur
Trinity Ventures : Fred Wang
Trinity Ventures  : Tim McAdam 
Trinity Ventures : Karan Mehandru
TriState Investors : Ellen Sandles
True Venture Partners : John Burke
True Ventures : Phil Black
Tugboat Ventures : Christopher J. Alden 
Two Sigma Ventures : Colin Beirne
U.S. Venture Partners : Arati Prabhakar
Uber : Travis Kalanick
UCLA Venture Fund : Mark  Kapczynski
UNEE GROUP : Cody Cupp
Union Square Ventures : Fred Wilson
Unison Capital Partners : Moran Bar-Kochva
University Venture Fund : Allan Young
Unshackled Ventures : Manan Mehta
Unshackled Ventures : Nitin Pachisia
Updata Capital : Don More
Updata Partners : Rich Erickson
Updata Partners : Tim Meyers
Updata Partners : Conor Mullett
Upfront Ventures : Hamet Watt
Upfront Ventures : Steven Dietz
Upfront Ventures : Yves Sisteron
Upfront Ventures : Mark  Suster
UPS Strategic Enterprise Fund : Alan J. Koenning 
UPS Strategic Enterprise Fund : Rimas Kapeskas
Urban Capital : Michael Zimmer
V3 Capital Strategies, LLC.  : Randal H. Drew
VA Angels Kelowna and Phoenix : Randy Lennon
Valhalla Partners  : Scott Frederick
VantagePoint Venture Partners : Jason Whitt
Vault Capital : Petra Franklin
Vegas Valley Angels : Mark Brennan
Vegas Valley Angels : Ian McNeil
Vegas Valley Angels : William Botts
Vegas Valley Angels : Eugene Wong
Vencon Management, Inc. : Irvin Barash
Venrock : Fred Aslan, M.D.
Venrock : Ray Rothrock
Venrock : Brian Ascher
Venrock : Steve Goldberg, Ph.D.
Venrock : Camille Samuels
Ventana Capital : Thomas Gephart
Venture Fuel Partners :  Shan  Zaidi
Verizon Ventures : John Doherty
Vertex Venture Capital : Yoram Oron
Vertex Venture Capital : Ran Gartenberg
Vertex Venture Capital : David Heller
VES Partners / Houston Angel Network : John Filla
Victory Park Capital : Matthew Ray
Victory Park Capital : Brendan Carroll
Victory Park Capital : Richard Levy
Victory Park Capital : Jordan Allen
Vintaytime : Ankit Singh  Dev
Virgin USA : Gabriel Baldinucci
Virginia Capital Partners : Tom Deardorff
Vista Ventures : Mike Gagnon 
Vital Venture Capital : Craig Asher
Vital Venture Capital : Nat Brinn
Voyager Capital : Curtis Feeny
Voyager Capital : Daniel Gallagher
Voyager Capital : Erik Benson
Voyager Capital : Bill McAleer
W Capital Partners : Robert Migliorino
Walden International : Lip-Bu Tan
Walden Venture Capital : Larry Marcus
Walden Venture Capital : Matt Miller
Walker Ventures : Rusty Griffith
Warbros Venture Partners : John Warburg
Warburg Pincus : Jacques Aigrain
Warburg Pincus : Jonas Agesand
Wasabi Ventures : Jeffrey D. Abbott
Wasabi Ventures : Tom Kuegler
Wasatch Venture Capital : Michael Hennessy
Wasatch Venture Fund : Kent Madsen
Washington Research Foundation : Ronald S. Howell
Waud Capital Partners : Philip S. Kemp Jr
WayFounder : Damon D’Amore
WeiserMazars LLP : Michael Devito
WFD Ventures : Tim Langloss
Wheatley Partners : Lawrence Wagenberg
Whistle : Ben Jacobs
White Star Capital : Eric Martineau
White Star Capital : Christian Hernandez
White Star Capital : Jean Francois
WI Harper Group : Eric Chen
WI Harper Group : David  Lam
WI Harper Group : Peter Liu
Willamette University : Wade Brooks
Wisconsin Investment Partners : Dick Leazer
Wolverine Angels : Shane Kelly
Woodside Fund : Bob Larson
Worldview Technology Partners : David Suzuki
Worthy Financial : Sally Outlaw
WRF Capital : Loretta  Little
Wynnchurch Capital Partners II : John A. Hatherly
Y Combinator : Adora Cheung
Y Combinator : Marc Andreessen
Y Combinator : Satya Nadella
Yamaha Motor Ventures : Jay Onda
Yang Ventures : Terrence Yang
YPO Fund NYC : Nick Jekogian
Yun Capital : Jung Yun
Zelkova Ventures : Jay Levy
ZINO Society : Rob Brown
ZINO Society : Cathi Hatch
Zuber Lawler & Del Duca : Josh Lawler
Zynik Capital Corp.  : Nadeem Kassam 





Do you use an RSS Feed Reader?
Join FundingPost's Investor Profile RSS Feed 
and get new Investor Profiles every day!





Next
Previous





"FundingPost allows the venture community to review many interesting deals in a short period of time. The consistent format allows VCs to quickly evaluate companies raising capital based on the criteria that's most important to them." - Deepak Kamra, Canaan Partners






"I know that I've invested in at least one deal associated with FundingPost events, and it's a great networking opportunity with the founders and the VCs that are there. I'm looking forward to this one!" - John Filla, Angel Investor, Houston Angel Network






"I just invested in a mobile company I met through FundingPost - Thanks!" - Jay Goldberg, Hudson Ventures






"Empire Angels has invested in two companies we met through FundingPost. This is a great forum for entrepreneurs to meet investors and we look forward to continued participation!" - Graham Gullans, Empire Angels






"FundingPost has provided Investors a great way to read company summaries from across the country, and entrepreneurs the opportunity to get in front of a lot of Venture Funds they wouldn't normally have access to." - Richard Irving, Pond Venture Partners






"I see CEO's get their PhDs in best practices for how-to-get-funded techniques. This is accomplished through FundingPost's well orchestrated and accomplished conferences - great for learning from and networking with the money sources."  - Jeanne M. Sullivan, StarVest Partners







"BP's Castrol innoVentures invested in a company we met through FundingPost - They are a great resource for Investors and entrepreneurs alike!" - Miriam C Eaves, BP's Castrol innoVentures






"As a result of the conference we attended in Miami, Caerus made one of its first Investments in a Florida-based company whose CEO we met because of the impressive network FundingPost has constructed. " - Zachary A. Cherry, Caerus Ventures LLC 






"I am happy to be a member of FundingPost.com. We always find good prospects, and the interface is efficient and easy to use. Thanks for putting this together." - George Petracek, Atrium Capital






"The Las Vegas Investor RoundTable of December 2013 was a great event because I got to know many talented entrepreneurs in Las Vegas that I would not have met in person otherwise. After the event, I made an investment of $25,000 in a seed idea that is looking very promising! I am looking forward to future events and future investments in Las Vegas entrepreneurs." - Don Sorensen, Las Vegas Angel Investor















































































Ivy Investments | Investment Management Company































































 
 
Skip to main content


























Individual Investor Accounts | 
    Global Investors  | 
    Institutional Investors












Site
Funds







To access our advisor site, please login or register for an account.

Login to Your Account

E-mail *



Password *



 Remember me 





Request new password 

 Register to Access

- Literature center
- Morningstar tools
- PM Conference Calls
- Updates on Funds You Track
- Value Add Programs
- Genlink℠
- Ivy Weekly Newsletter

Register


Having Trouble Logging In?

                Contact our technical support help desk at
                1.800.366.4673. Representatives are available between
                7:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. CDT, Monday through Friday.
            

                This website is designed to facilitate the transmission
                of mutual fund data, account information and sales
                and educational materials to investment professionals.
                By accessing this site you are verifying that you are an
                investment professional.
            






 

Featured Products


IVRAX

LaSalle Global Risk-Managed Real Estate

 







Track Fund

 
IEYAX

Energy

 







Track Fund

 
WHIAX

High Income

 







Track Fund

 
IVIAX

International Core Equity

 







Track Fund

 
WSTAX

Science and Technology

 







Track Fund

 
IYSAX

Small Cap Core

 







Track Fund

 
IPOAX

Emerging Markets Equity

 







Track Fund

 


Funds you track
Register or sign in to your account to view and start tracking funds. 


 

Pursuing developed and emerging market equities in any regionIvy International Core Equity Fund (ICEIX)
Ivy Emerging Markets Equity Fund (IPOIX)





Ivy Live / 07.20.17
Risk or Resilience? Midyear Global Market Outlook
The resilience of the markets has been impressive in 2017, as stocks continue to move higher despite geopolitical uncertainty. But potential risks remain.





Bridge the Gap / 07.13.17
How emojis enrich nonverbal communication
Discover why the saying ‘a picture is worth a thousand words’ can help explain why emojis are frequently used to connect with friends and family.




Market Perspective / 07.06.17
Midyear Global Market Outlook 2017
Global markets remain strong after growing steadily this year and reaching new highs in U.S. stock indexes. What might investors expect for the remainder of the year?



 Webcasts / 07.07.17
The Encore Blueprint: Informally coaching clients to retirement
Discover how to coach clients on creating their ideal retirement and access new tools that will change your retirement planning process!




 Genlink
10 ways to explain saving and finance to Millennials and Gen Edgers
How do you discuss finances with phone-obsessed generations? It helps by teaching them how they like to learn. Discover 10 ways to explain saving and finance to Millennials and Generation Edge.



 Next Gen Advisor
Why Millennials don’t want to become financial advisors
Discover why Millennials seem uninterested in becoming financial planners, the biggest barriers standing in their way and how can you clear these hurdles to ensure a stream of top-level talent.




Our Company

Ivy Investments
We stand for a legacy of expertise, focused on delivering strong, long-term results. Our name reflects our progressive product offerings and growing global presence as we continue to adapt to the needs of investors.  





























 


<

>






Find Products














GO TO FUND








Portfolio Perspectives
European politics overshadow improving case for international small cap equities
Ivy IG International Small Cap Fund
IPUO -- Despite Brexit and the rise of populist politics in Europe, there is a strong case to be made for international equities in 2017, particularly European small cap stocks.


Ivy Live
Risk or Resilience? Midyear Global Market Outlook
The resilience of the markets has been impressive in 2017, as stocks continue to move higher despite geopolitical uncertainty. But potential risks remain.


Morning Meeting Insights
Investable Theme: Aging population base driving demand for dividend income
Ivy Global Equity Income Fund
Robert Nightingale, portfolio manager of Ivy Global Equity Income Fund, believes an aging population base is providing fundamental support for dividend-paying equities.


Morning Meeting Insights
Investable Theme: Increasing web use in China
Ivy International Core Equity Fund
John Maxwell and Catherine Murray, portfolio managers of Ivy International Core Equity Fund, believe an increase
in Chinese internet usage will benefit select companies that have dominant market share or are well positioned for
increased usage through their online platforms, payments systems and/or e-commerce services.


Raw Materials & Resources
Power shift
Not long ago, coal provided 98% of the electricity for the pulp-and-paper mills and iron-ore producers around the western edge of Lake Superior, as well as the nearby city of Duluth, Minn. That was 2005. Today, coal use is plunging, and by 2025, it is expected to power just one-third of this region, reports the Wall Street Journal. 


Global Rebalancing
Trade pact for Japan and European Union
Japan and the European Union (EU) agreed to a free trade pact on July 6, 2017, to create the world's biggest open economic area and signal resistance to what they see as U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist turn, reports Reuters. 



 



Twitter

Follow @Ivy_Investments



Tweets by @Ivy_Investments





News & Events


Aug 17
2017


IVY LIVE

Changing face of retail


01:00pm - 01:30pm (CT)Learn more now




Aug 04
2017


WEBCAST

From Satisfaction to Engagement


11:30 - 12:00 (ET)(Advisors only)Register now




Jul 20
2017


IVY LIVE

Risk or Resilience? Midyear Global Market Outlook


b>1:00-1:30 p.m. CT
-->
Learn more now




Jul 18
2017


CONFERENCE CALL

Ivy Emerging Markets Equity Fund


(Advisors only)Replay Now Available




Jul 11
2017


CONFERENCE CALL REPLAY

July Market Update


(Advisors only)Replay Now Available


 







 




















