










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (’Saba’) Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a 
         










    










 













 











 



















Saba Capital Management, L.P. ("Saba") Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a Rates Hedge
        																																
              











 News provided by
Saba Capital Management, L.P.  
Mar 21, 2017, 09:00 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Saba (Bats: CEFS) launches CEFS, an actively managed ETF that seeks to generate high income by investing in closed-end funds trading at a discount to net asset value ("NAV") and hedging the ETF's risk to rising interest rates.  This is Saba's first ETF; Saba is a well-known alternative investment products firm.








Closed-end funds are listed investment vehicles that trade at a premium or discount to NAV as a result of market technicals and sentiment.  Saba specializes in fixed income and equity closed-end funds trading at a discount to NAV, given they typically offer higher yield and return potential than the underlying securities.  A small portion of that excess return is utilized to finance the portfolio's interest rate hedge.
"Many closed-end funds are trading at an attractive discount to their net asset value," said Boaz Weinstein, Founder and Chief Investment Officer at Saba.  "In an environment where investors are searching for yield, we believe closed-end funds offer high income and a margin of safety due to the discount." 
The ETF offers access to Saba Capital's portfolio managers who have years of experience trading and hedging closed-end funds.  Saba Capital's investment process includes proprietary models that dynamically rank closed-end funds across a variety of factors, including yield, discount to NAV and quality of underlying securities.  In addition, CEFS seeks to outperform index-based closed-end fund products by actively trading the portfolio in an attempt to capture the widening and narrowing of discounts to net asset value. 
About Saba Capital Management, L.P.Saba is an Investment Adviser founded in 2009.  The firm manages over $1.6bn across three primary strategies: Closed-End Funds, Credit Relative Value and Tail Hedge.  Saba's investors are predominately institutions and include corporate pensions, public pensions, foundations, endowments, fund of funds and family offices.  The heritage of the firm dates back to 1998 at Deutsche Bank where Saba's CIO, Boaz Weinstein, founded one of the largest proprietary trading groups on Wall Street, known as Saba Principal Strategies.  The senior members of Saba Principal Strategies spun off together to begin Saba Capital.  The firm is headquartered in the historic Chrysler Building in New York with an investment office in London. www.sabacapital.com.
Carefully consider the Fund's investment objectives, risk factors, charges and expenses before investing. This and additional information can be found in the Fund's prospectus, which may be obtained by calling (212) 542-4644 or visiting www.sabaetf.com. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. 
Distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC
Net Asset Value is the per share value of a fund, found by subtracting the fund's liabilities from its assets and dividing by the number of shares outstanding.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. Investments in foreign securities may involve risks such as social and political instability, market illiquidity, exchange-rate fluctuations, a high level of volatility and limited regulation. Because the Fund is a "fund of funds," its investment performance largely depends on the investment performance of the Underlying Funds in which it invests, and the Fund is subject to the risks associated with the Underlying Funds. Leverage may increase the risk of loss and cause fluctuations in the market value of the Fund's portfolio to have disproportionately large effects or cause the NAV of the Fund generally to decline faster than it would otherwise. Derivatives may be more sensitive to changes in market conditions, amplifying risks. The Fund may engage in writing covered call options, which may limit its opportunity to profit from an increase in the price of the underlying stock above the exercise price, but continues to bear the risk of a decline in the stock. A liquid market may not exist for options held by the Fund. While the Fund receives premiums for writing the call options, the price it realizes from the exercise of an option could be substantially below a stock's current market price. High-yield bonds have a higher risk of default or other adverse credit events, but have the potential to pay higher earnings over investment grade bonds. The higher risk of default, or the inability of the creditor to repay its debt, is the primary reason for the higher interest rates on high-yield bonds.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/saba-capital-management-lp-saba-launches-an-etf-focused-on-closed-end-funds-including-a-rates-hedge-300426685.html
SOURCE Saba Capital Management, L.P.
 Related Links

http://www.sabacapital.com



 












Apr 06, 2017, 13:54 ET
Preview: Saba Closed-End Funds ETF Declares First Monthly Distribution






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 

Apr 06, 2017, 13:54 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Saba Closed-End Funds ETF Declares First Monthly Distribution






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
New Products & Services








 You just read:
Saba Capital Management, L.P. ("Saba") Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a Rates Hedge


 News provided by
Saba Capital Management, L.P.  
Mar 21, 2017, 09:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Venture capital - Wikipedia




















 







Venture capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the process of financing by venture capital, see Venture capital financing.




A financing diagram illustrating how start-up companies are typically financed. First, the new firm seeks out "seed capital" and funding from "angel investors" and accelerators. Then, if the firm can survive through the "valley of death"–the period where the firm is trying to develop on a "shoestring" budget–the firm can seek venture capital financing.




History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity,[1] a form of financing that is provided by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have high growth potential, or which have demonstrated high growth (in terms of number of employees, annual revenue, or both). Venture capital firms or funds invest in these early-stage companies in exchange for equity, or an ownership stake, in the companies they invest in. Venture capitalists take on the risk of financing risky start-ups in the hopes that some of the firms they support will become successful. The start-ups are usually based on an innovative technology or business model and they are usually from the high technology industries, such as information technology (IT), clean technology or biotechnology.
The typical venture capital investment occurs after an initial "seed funding" round. The first round of institutional venture capital to fund growth is called the Series A round. Venture capitalists provide this financing in the interest of generating a return through an eventual "exit" event, such as the company selling shares to the public for the first time in an Initial public offering (IPO) or doing a merger and acquisition (also known as a "trade sale") of the company.
In addition to angel investing, equity crowdfunding and other seed funding options, venture capital is attractive for new companies with limited operating history that are too small to raise capital in the public markets and have not reached the point where they are able to secure a bank loan or complete a debt offering. In exchange for the high risk that venture capitalists assume by investing in smaller and early-stage companies, venture capitalists usually get significant control over company decisions, in addition to a significant portion of the companies' ownership (and consequently value). Start-ups like Uber, Airbnb, Flipkart, ReviewAdda, Xiaomi & Didi Chuxing are highly valued startups, where venture capitalists contribute more than financing to these early-stage firms; they also often provide strategic advice to the firm's executives on its business model and marketing strategies.
Venture capital is also a way in which the private and public sectors can construct an institution that systematically creates business networks for the new firms and industries, so that they can progress and develop. This institution helps identify promising new firms and provide them with finance, technical[2] expertise, mentoring, marketing "know-how", and business models. Once integrated into the business network, these firms are more likely to succeed, as they become "nodes" in the search networks for designing and building products in their domain.[3] However, venture capitalists' decisions are often biased, exhibiting for instance overconfidence and illusion of control, much like entrepreneurial decisions in general.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins of modern private equity
1.2 Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley
1.3 1980s
1.4 Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
1.5 Private equity crash


2 Funding

2.1 Financing stages


3 Firms and funds

3.1 Venture capitalists
3.2 Structure
3.3 Types
3.4 Roles
3.5 Structure of the funds
3.6 Compensation
3.7 Alternatives


4 Societal impact
5 Geographical differences

5.1 United States
5.2 Mexico
5.3 Israel
5.4 Canada
5.5 Switzerland
5.6 Europe
5.7 Asia
5.8 Middle East and North Africa
5.9 Sub-Saharan Africa


6 Confidential information
7 Governmental regulations
8 In popular culture

8.1 In books
8.2 In comics
8.3 In film
8.4 In television


9 See also
10 Notes and references



History
A venture may be defined as a project prospective converted into a process with an adequate assumed risk and investment. With few exceptions, private equity in the first half of the 20th century was the domain of wealthy individuals and families. The Wallenbergs, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Rockefellers, and Warburgs were notable investors in private companies in the first half of the century. In 1938, Laurance S. Rockefeller helped finance the creation of both Eastern Air Lines and Douglas Aircraft, and the Rockefeller family had vast holdings in a variety of companies. Eric M. Warburg founded E.M. Warburg & Co. in 1938, which would ultimately become Warburg Pincus, with investments in both leveraged buyouts and venture capital. The Wallenberg family started Investor AB in 1916 in Sweden and were early investors in several Swedish companies such as ABB, Atlas Copco, Ericsson, etc. in the first half of the 20th century.
Origins of modern private equity
Before World War II (1939–1945), money orders (originally known as "development capital") remained primarily the domain of wealthy individuals and families. Only after 1945 did "true" private equity investments begin to emerge, notably with the founding of the first two venture capital firms in 1946: American Research and Development Corporation (ARDC) and J.H. Whitney & Company.[5][6]
Georges Doriot, the "father of venture capitalism"[7] (and former assistant dean of Harvard Business School), founded INSEAD in 1957. Along with Ralph Flanders and Karl Compton (former president of MIT), Doriot founded ARDC in 1946 to encourage private-sector investment in businesses run by soldiers returning from World War II. ARDC became the first institutional private-equity investment firm to raise capital from sources other than wealthy families, although it had several notable investment successes as well.[8] ARDC is credited[by whom?] with the first trick when its 1957 investment of $70,000 in Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) would be valued at over $355 million after the company's initial public offering in 1968 (representing a return of over 1200 times on its investment and an annualized rate of return of 101%).[9]
Former employees of ARDC went on to establish several prominent venture-capital firms including Greylock Partners (founded in 1965 by Charlie Waite and Bill Elfers) and Morgan, Holland Ventures, the predecessor of Flagship Ventures (founded in 1982 by James Morgan).[10] ARDC continued investing until 1971, when Doriot retired. In 1972 Doriot merged ARDC with Textron after having invested in over 150 companies.
John Hay Whitney (1904–1982) and his partner Benno Schmidt (1913–1999) founded J.H. Whitney & Company in 1946. Whitney had been investing since the 1930s, founding Pioneer Pictures in 1933 and acquiring a 15% interest in Technicolor Corporation with his cousin Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney. Florida Foods Corporation proved Whitney's most famous investment. The company developed an innovative method for delivering nutrition to American soldiers, later known as Minute Maid orange juice and was sold to The Coca-Cola Company in 1960. J.H. Whitney & Company continued to make investments in leveraged buyout transactions and raised $750 million for its sixth institutional private equity fund in 2005.
Early venture capital and the growth of Silicon Valley




A highway exit for Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California, where many Bay Area venture capital firms are based


One of the first steps toward a professionally managed venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help the financing and management of the small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States.[11]
During the 1950s, putting a venture capital deal together may have required the help of two or three other organizations to compete the transaction. It was a business that was growing very rapidly, and as the business grew, the transactions grew exponentially.[12]
During the 1960s and 1970s, venture capital firms focused their investment activity primarily on starting and expanding companies. More often than not, these companies were exploiting breakthroughs in electronic, medical, or data-processing technology. As a result, venture capital came to be almost synonymous with technology finance. An early West Coast venture capital company was Draper and Johnson Investment Company, formed in 1962[13] by William Henry Draper III and Franklin P. Johnson, Jr. In 1965, Sutter Hill Ventures acquired the portfolio of Draper and Johnson as a founding action. Bill Draper and Paul Wythes were the founders, and Pitch Johnson formed Asset Management Company at that time.
It is commonly noted that the first venture-backed startup is Fairchild Semiconductor (which produced the first commercially practical integrated circuit), funded in 1959 by what would later become Venrock Associates.[14] Venrock was founded in 1969 by Laurance S. Rockefeller, the fourth of John D. Rockefeller's six children as a way to allow other Rockefeller children to develop exposure to venture capital investments.
It was also in the 1960s that the common form of private equity fund, still in use today, emerged. Private equity firms organized limited partnerships to hold investments in which the investment professionals served as general partner and the investors, who were passive limited partners, put up the capital. The compensation structure, still in use today, also emerged with limited partners paying an annual management fee of 1.0–2.5% and a carried interest typically representing up to 20% of the profits of the partnership.
The growth of the venture capital industry was fueled by the emergence of the independent investment firms on Sand Hill Road, beginning with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital in 1972. Located in Menlo Park, CA, Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia and later venture capital firms would have access to the many semiconductor companies based in the Santa Clara Valley as well as early computer firms using their devices and programming and service companies.[15]
Throughout the 1970s, a group of private equity firms, focused primarily on venture capital investments, would be founded that would become the model for later leveraged buyout and venture capital investment firms. In 1973, with the number of new venture capital firms increasing, leading venture capitalists formed the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). The NVCA was to serve as the industry trade group for the venture capital industry.[16] Venture capital firms suffered a temporary downturn in 1974, when the stock market crashed and investors were naturally wary of this new kind of investment fund.
It was not until 1978 that venture capital experienced its first major fundraising year, as the industry raised approximately $750 million. With the passage of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1978, the US Labor Department relaxed certain of the ERISA restrictions, under the "prudent man rule,"[17] thus allowing corporate pension funds to invest in the asset class and providing a major source of capital available to venture capitalists.
1980s
The public successes of the venture capital industry in the 1970s and early 1980s (e.g., Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple Inc., Genentech) gave rise to a major proliferation of venture capital investment firms. From just a few dozen firms at the start of the decade, there were over 650 firms by the end of the 1980s, each searching for the next major "home run." The number of firms multiplied, and the capital managed by these firms increased from $3 billion to $31 billion over the course of the decade.[18]
The growth of the industry was hampered by sharply declining returns, and certain venture firms began posting losses for the first time. In addition to the increased competition among firms, several other factors affected returns. The market for initial public offerings cooled in the mid-1980s before collapsing after the stock market crash in 1987, and foreign corporations, particularly from Japan and Korea, flooded early-stage companies with capital.[18]
In response to the changing conditions, corporations that had sponsored in-house venture investment arms, including General Electric and Paine Webber either sold off or closed these venture capital units. Additionally, venture capital units within Chemical Bank and Continental Illinois National Bank, among others, began shifting their focus from funding early stage companies toward investments in more mature companies. Even industry founders J.H. Whitney & Company and Warburg Pincus began to transition toward leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.[18][19][20]
Venture capital boom and the Internet Bubble
By the end of the 1980s, venture capital returns were relatively low, particularly in comparison with their emerging leveraged buyout cousins, due in part to the competition for hot startups, excess supply of IPOs and the inexperience of many venture capital fund managers. Growth in the venture capital industry remained limited throughout the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s, increasing from $3 billion in 1983 to just over $4 billion more than a decade later in 1994.
After a shakeout of venture capital managers, the more successful firms retrenched, focusing increasingly on improving operations at their portfolio companies rather than continuously making new investments. Results would begin to turn very attractive, successful and would ultimately generate the venture capital boom of the 1990s. Yale School of Management Professor Andrew Metrick refers to these first 15 years of the modern venture capital industry beginning in 1980 as the "pre-boom period" in anticipation of the boom that would begin in 1995 and last through the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000.[21]
The late 1990s were a boom time for venture capital, as firms on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park and Silicon Valley benefited from a huge surge of interest in the nascent Internet and other computer technologies. Initial public offerings of stock for technology and other growth companies were in abundance, and venture firms were reaping large returns.
Private equity crash




The technology-heavy NASDAQ Composite index peaked at 5,048 in March 2000 reflecting the high point of the dot-com bubble.


The Nasdaq crash and technology slump that started in March 2000 shook virtually the entire venture capital industry as valuations for startup technology companies collapsed. Over the next two years, many venture firms had been forced to write-off large proportions of their investments, and many funds were significant "under water" (the values of the fund's investments were below the amount of capital invested). Venture capital investors sought to reduce the size of commitments they had made to venture capital funds, and, in numerous instances, investors sought to unload existing commitments for cents on the dollar in the secondary market. By mid-2003, the venture capital industry had shriveled to about half its 2001 capacity. Nevertheless, PricewaterhouseCoopers' MoneyTree Survey[22] shows that total venture capital investments held steady at 2003 levels through the second quarter of 2005.
Although the post-boom years represent just a small fraction of the peak levels of venture investment reached in 2000, they still represent an increase over the levels of investment from 1980 through 1995. As a percentage of GDP, venture investment was 0.058% in 1994, peaked at 1.087% (nearly 19 times the 1994 level) in 2000 and ranged from 0.164% to 0.182% in 2003 and 2004. The revival of an Internet-driven environment in 2004 through 2007 helped to revive the venture capital environment. However, as a percentage of the overall private equity market, venture capital has still not reached its mid-1990s level, let alone its peak in 2000.
Venture capital funds, which were responsible for much of the fundraising volume in 2000 (the height of the dot-com bubble), raised only $25.1 billion in 2006, a 2% decline from 2005 and a significant decline from its peak.[23]
Funding
Obtaining venture capital is substantially different from raising debt or a loan. Lenders have a legal right to interest on a loan and repayment of the capital irrespective of the success or failure of a business. Venture capital is invested in exchange for an equity stake in the business. The return of the venture capitalist as a shareholder depends on the growth and profitability of the business. This return is generally earned when the venture capitalist "exits" by selling its shareholdings when the business is sold to another owner.
Venture capitalists are typically very selective in deciding what to invest in; as a result, firms are looking for the extremely rare yet sought-after qualities such as innovative technology, potential for rapid growth, a well-developed business model, and an impressive management team. Of these qualities, funds are most interested in ventures with exceptionally high growth potential, as only such opportunities are likely capable of providing financial returns and a successful exit within the required time frame (typically 3–7 years) that venture capitalists expect.
Because investments are illiquid and require the extended time frame to harvest, venture capitalists are expected to carry out detailed due diligence prior to investment. Venture capitalists also are expected to nurture the companies in which they invest, in order to increase the likelihood of reaching an IPO stage when valuations are favourable. Venture capitalists typically assist at four stages in the company's development:[24]

Idea generation;
Start-up;
Ramp up; and
Exit

Because there are no public exchanges listing their securities, private companies meet venture capital firms and other private equity investors in several ways, including warm referrals from the investors' trusted sources and other business contacts; investor conferences and symposia; and summits where companies pitch directly to investor groups in face-to-face meetings, including a variant known as "Speed Venturing", which is akin to speed-dating for capital, where the investor decides within 10 minutes whether he wants a follow-up meeting. In addition, some new private online networks are emerging to provide additional opportunities for meeting investors.[25]
This need for high returns makes venture funding an expensive capital source for companies, and most suitable for businesses having large up-front capital requirements, which cannot be financed by cheaper alternatives such as debt. That is most commonly the case for intangible assets such as software, and other intellectual property, whose value is unproven. In turn, this explains why venture capital is most prevalent in the fast-growing technology and life sciences or biotechnology fields.
If a company does have the qualities venture capitalists seek including a solid business plan, a good management team, investment and passion from the founders, a good potential to exit the investment before the end of their funding cycle, and target minimum returns in excess of 40% per year, it will find it easier to raise venture capital.
Financing stages
There are typically six stages of venture round financing offered in Venture Capital, that roughly correspond to these stages of a company's development.[26]

Seed funding: The earliest round of financing needed to prove a new idea, often provided by angel investors. Equity crowdfunding is also emerging as an option for seed funding.
Start-up: Early stage firms that need funding for expenses associated with marketing and product development
Growth (Series A round): Early sales and manufacturing funds. This is typically where VCs come in. Series A can be thought of as the first institutional round. Subsequent investment rounds are called Series B, Series C and so on. This is where most companies will have the most growth.
Second-Round: Working capital for early stage companies that are selling product, but not yet turning a profit. This can also be called Series B round and so on.
Expansion: Also called Mezzanine financing, this is expansion money for a newly profitable company
Exit of venture capitalist: VCs can exit through secondary sale or an IPO or an acquisition. Early stage VCs may exit in later rounds when new investors (VCs or Private Equity investors) buy the shares of existing investors. Sometimes a company very close to an IPO may allow some VCs to exit and instead new investors may come in hoping to profit from the IPO.
Bridge Financing is when a startup seeks funding in between full VC rounds. The objective is to raise smaller amount of money instead of a full round and usually the existing investors participate.

Between the first round and the fourth round, venture-backed companies may also seek to take venture debt.[27]
Firms and funds
Venture capitalists
A venture capitalist is a person who makes venture investments, and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments. A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle (in the United States, often an LP or LLC) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. These funds are typically managed by a venture capital firm, which often employs individuals with technology backgrounds (scientists, researchers), business training and/or deep industry experience.
A core skill within VC is the ability to identify novel or disruptive technologies that have the potential to generate high commercial returns at an early stage. By definition, VCs also take a role in managing entrepreneurial companies at an early stage, thus adding skills as well as capital, thereby differentiating VC from buy-out private equity, which typically invest in companies with proven revenue, and thereby potentially realizing much higher rates of returns. Inherent in realizing abnormally high rates of returns is the risk of losing all of one's investment in a given startup company. As a consequence, most venture capital investments are done in a pool format, where several investors combine their investments into one large fund that invests in many different startup companies. By investing in the pool format, the investors are spreading out their risk to many different investments instead of taking the chance of putting all of their money in one start up firm.




Diagram of the structure of a generic venture capital fund


Structure
Venture capital firms are typically structured as partnerships, the general partners of which serve as the managers of the firm and will serve as investment advisors to the venture capital funds raised. Venture capital firms in the United States may also be structured as limited liability companies, in which case the firm's managers are known as managing members. Investors in venture capital funds are known as limited partners. This constituency comprises both high-net-worth individuals and institutions with large amounts of available capital, such as state and private pension funds, university financial endowments, foundations, insurance companies, and pooled investment vehicles, called funds of funds.[28]
Types
Venture Capitalist firms differ in their motivations [29] and approaches. There are multiple factors, and each firm is different.
Some of the factors that influence VC decisions include:

Business situation: Some VCs tend to invest in new, disruptive ideas, or fledgling companies. Others prefer investing in established companies that need support to go public or grow.
Some invest solely in certain industries.
Some prefer operating locally while others will operate nationwide or even globally.
VC expectations can often vary. Some may want a quicker public sale of the company or expect fast growth. The amount of help a VC provides can vary from one firm to the next.

Roles
Within the venture capital industry, the general partners and other investment professionals of the venture capital firm are often referred to as "venture capitalists" or "VCs". Typical career backgrounds vary, but, broadly speaking, venture capitalists come from either an operational or a finance background. Venture capitalists with an operational background (operating partner) tend to be former founders or executives of companies similar to those which the partnership finances or will have served as management consultants. Venture capitalists with finance backgrounds tend to have investment banking or other corporate finance experience.
Although the titles are not entirely uniform from firm to firm, other positions at venture capital firms include:


Position
Role


General Partners or GPs
They run the Venture Capital firm and make the investment decisions on behalf of the fund. GPs typically put in personal capital up to 1-2% of the VC Fund size to show their commitment to the LPs.


Venture partners
Venture partners are expected to source potential investment opportunities ("bring in deals") and typically are compensated only for those deals with which they are involved.


Principal
This is a mid-level investment professional position, and often considered a "partner-track" position. Principals will have been promoted from a senior associate position or who have commensurate experience in another field, such as investment banking, management consulting, or a market of particular interest to the strategy of the venture capital firm.


Associate
This is typically the most junior apprentice position within a venture capital firm. After a few successful years, an associate may move up to the "senior associate" position and potentially principal and beyond. Associates will often have worked for 1–2 years in another field, such as investment banking or management consulting.


Entrepreneur-in-residence
Entrepreneurs-in-residence (EIRs) are experts in a particular industry sector (e.g., biotechnology or social media) and perform due diligence on potential deals. EIRs are hired by venture capital firms temporarily (six to 18 months) and are expected to develop and pitch startup ideas to their host firm, although neither party is bound to work with each other. Some EIRs move on to executive positions within a portfolio company.


Structure of the funds
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a few years of extensions to allow for private companies still seeking liquidity. The investing cycle for most funds is generally three to five years, after which the focus is managing and making follow-on investments in an existing portfolio. This model was pioneered by successful funds in Silicon Valley through the 1980s to invest in technological trends broadly but only during their period of ascendance, and to cut exposure to management and marketing risks of any individual firm or its product.
In such a fund, the investors have a fixed commitment to the fund that is initially unfunded and subsequently "called down" by the venture capital fund over time as the fund makes its investments. There are substantial penalties for a limited partner (or investor) that fails to participate in a capital call.
It can take anywhere from a month or so to several years for venture capitalists to raise money from limited partners for their fund. At the time when all of the money has been raised, the fund is said to be closed, and the 10-year lifetime begins. Some funds have partial closes when one half (or some other amount) of the fund has been raised. The vintage year generally refers to the year in which the fund was closed and may serve as a means to stratify VC funds for comparison. This[30] shows the difference between a venture capital fund management company and the venture capital funds managed by them.
From investors' point of view, funds can be: (1) traditional—where all the investors invest with equal terms; or (2) asymmetric—where different investors have different terms. Typically the asymmetry is seen in cases where there's an investor that has other interests such as tax income in case of public investors.[31]
Compensation
Main article: Carried interest
Venture capitalists are compensated through a combination of management fees and carried interest (often referred to as a "two and 20" arrangement):


Payment
Implementation


Management fees
an annual payment made by the investors in the fund to the fund's manager to pay for the private equity firm's investment operations.[32] In a typical venture capital fund, the general partners receive an annual management fee equal to up to 2% of the committed capital.


Carried interest
a share of the profits of the fund (typically 20%), paid to the private equity fund's management company as a performance incentive. The remaining 80% of the profits are paid to the fund's investors[32] Strong limited partner interest in top-tier venture firms has led to a general trend toward terms more favorable to the venture partnership, and certain groups are able to command carried interest of 25–30% on their funds.


Because a fund may run out of capital prior to the end of its life, larger venture capital firms usually have several overlapping funds at the same time; doing so lets the larger firm keep specialists in all stages of the development of firms almost constantly engaged. Smaller firms tend to thrive or fail with their initial industry contacts; by the time the fund cashes out, an entirely new generation of technologies and people is ascending, whom the general partners may not know well, and so it is prudent to reassess and shift industries or personnel rather than attempt to simply invest more in the industry or people the partners already know.
Alternatives
Because of the strict requirements venture capitalists have for potential investments, many entrepreneurs seek seed funding from angel investors, who may be more willing to invest in highly speculative opportunities, or may have a prior relationship with the entrepreneur.
Furthermore, many venture capital firms will only seriously evaluate an investment in a start-up company otherwise unknown to them if the company can prove at least some of its claims about the technology and/or market potential for its product or services. To achieve this, or even just to avoid the dilutive effects of receiving funding before such claims are proven, many start-ups seek to self-finance sweat equity until they reach a point where they can credibly approach outside capital providers such as venture capitalists or angel investors. This practice is called "bootstrapping".
Equity crowdfunding is emerging as an alternative to traditional venture capital. Traditional crowdfunding is an approach to raising the capital required for a new project or enterprise by appealing to large numbers of ordinary people for small donations. While such an approach has long precedents in the sphere of charity, it is receiving renewed attention from entrepreneurs, now that social media and online communities make it possible to reach out to a group of potentially interested supporters at very low cost. Some equity crowdfunding models are also being applied specifically for startup funding, such as those listed at Comparison of crowd funding services. One of the reasons to look for alternatives to venture capital is the problem of the traditional VC model. The traditional VCs are shifting their focus to later-stage investments, and return on investment of many VC funds have been low or negative.[25][33]
In Europe and India, Media for equity is a partial alternative to venture capital funding. Media for equity investors are able to supply start-ups with often significant advertising campaigns in return for equity. In Europe, an investment advisory firm offers young ventures the option to exchange equity for services investment; their aim is to guide ventures through the development stage to arrive at a significant funding, mergers and acquisition, or other exit strategy.[34]
In industries where assets can be securitized effectively because they reliably generate future revenue streams or have a good potential for resale in case of foreclosure, businesses may more cheaply be able to raise debt to finance their growth. Good examples would include asset-intensive extractive industries such as mining, or manufacturing industries. Offshore funding is provided via specialist venture capital trusts, which seek to utilise securitization in structuring hybrid multi-market transactions via an SPV (special purpose vehicle): a corporate entity that is designed solely for the purpose of the financing.
In addition to traditional venture capital and angel networks, groups have emerged, which allow groups of small investors or entrepreneurs themselves to compete in a privatized business plan competition where the group itself serves as the investor through a democratic process.[35]
Law firms are also increasingly acting as an intermediary between clients seeking venture capital and the firms providing it.[36]
Other forms include venture resources that seek to provide non-monetary support to launch a new venture.
Societal impact
Venture capital is also associated with job creation (accounting for 2% of US GDP),[37] the knowledge economy, and used as a proxy measure of innovation within an economic sector or geography. Every year, there are nearly 2 million businesses created in the USA, and 600–800 get venture capital funding. According to the National Venture Capital Association, 11% of private sector jobs come from venture-backed companies and venture-backed revenue accounts for 21% of US GDP.[38]
Babson College's Diana Report found that the number of women partners in VC firms decreased from 10% in 1999 to 6% in 2014. The report also found that 97% of VC-funded businesses had male chief executives, and that businesses with all-male teams were more than four times as likely to receive VC funding compared to teams with at least one woman.[39] More than 75% of VC firms in the US did not have any female venture capitalists at the time they were surveyed.[40] It was found that a greater fraction of VC firms had never had a woman represent them on the board of one of their portfolio companies. For comparison, a UC Davis study focusing on large public companies in California found 49.5% with at least one female board seat.[41] When the latter results were published, some San Jose Mercury News readers dismissed the possibility that sexism was a cause. In a follow-up Newsweek article, Nina Burleigh asked "Where were all these offended people when women like Heidi Roizen published accounts of having a venture capitalist stick her hand in his pants under a table while a deal was being discussed?"[42][43]
Geographical differences
Venture capital, as an industry, originated in the United States, and American firms have traditionally been the largest participants in venture deals with the bulk of venture capital being deployed in American companies. However, increasingly, non-US venture investment is growing, and the number and size of non-US venture capitalists have been expanding.
Venture capital has been used as a tool for economic development in a variety of developing regions. In many of these regions, with less developed financial sectors, venture capital plays a role in facilitating access to finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), which in most cases would not qualify for receiving bank loans.
In the year of 2008, while VC funding were still majorly dominated by U.S. money ($28.8 billion invested in over 2550 deals in 2008), compared to international fund investments ($13.4 billion invested elsewhere), there has been an average 5% growth in the venture capital deals outside the USA, mainly in China and Europe.[44] Geographical differences can be significant. For instance, in the UK, 4% of British investment goes to venture capital, compared to about 33% in the U.S.[45]
United States
Venture capitalists invested some $29.1 billion in 3,752 deals in the U.S. through the fourth quarter of 2011, according to a report by the National Venture Capital Association. The same numbers for all of 2010 were $23.4 billion in 3,496 deals.[46]
According to a report by Dow Jones VentureSource, venture capital funding fell to $6.4 billion in the USA in the first quarter of 2013, an 11.8% drop from the first quarter of 2012, and a 20.8% decline from 2011. Venture firms have added $4.2 billion into their funds this year, down from $6.3 billion in the first quarter of 2013, but up from $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.[47]
Mexico
The Venture Capital industry in Mexico is a fast-growing sector in the country that, with the support of institutions and private funds, is estimated to reach US$100 billion invested by 2018.[48]
Israel
In Israel, high-tech entrepreneurship and venture capital have flourished well beyond the country's relative size. As it has very little natural resources and, historically has been forced to build its economy on knowledge-based industries, its VC industry has rapidly developed, and nowadays has about 70 active venture capital funds, of which 14 international VCs with Israeli offices, and additional 220 international funds which actively invest in Israel. In addition, as of 2010, Israel led the world in venture capital invested per capita. Israel attracted $170 per person compared to $75 in the USA.[49] About two thirds of the funds invested were from foreign sources, and the rest domestic. In 2013, Wix.com joined 62 other Israeli firms on the Nasdaq.[50] Read more about Venture capital in Israel.
Canada
Canadian technology companies have attracted interest from the global venture capital community partially as a result of generous tax incentive through the Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) investment tax credit program.[citation needed] The basic incentive available to any Canadian corporation performing R&D is a refundable tax credit that is equal to 20% of "qualifying" R&D expenditures (labour, material, R&D contracts, and R&D equipment). An enhanced 35% refundable tax credit of available to certain (i.e. small) Canadian-controlled private corporations (CCPCs). Because the CCPC rules require a minimum of 50% Canadian ownership in the company performing R&D, foreign investors who would like to benefit from the larger 35% tax credit must accept minority position in the company, which might not be desirable. The SR&ED program does not restrict the export of any technology or intellectual property that may have been developed with the benefit of SR&ED tax incentives.
Canada also has a fairly unusual form of venture capital generation in its Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporations (LSVCC). These funds, also known as Retail Venture Capital or Labour Sponsored Investment Funds (LSIF), are generally sponsored by labor unions and offer tax breaks from government to encourage retail investors to purchase the funds. Generally, these Retail Venture Capital funds only invest in companies where the majority of employees are in Canada. However, innovative structures have been developed to permit LSVCCs to direct in Canadian subsidiaries of corporations incorporated in jurisdictions outside of Canada.
Switzerland
Many Swiss start-ups are university spin-offs, in particular from its federal institutes of technology in Lausanne and Zurich.[51] According to a study by the London School of Economics analysing 130 ETH Zurich spin-offs over 10 years, about 90% of these start-ups survived the first five critical years, resulting in an average annual IRR of more than 43%.[52] Switzerland's most active early-stage investors are The Zurich Cantonal Bank, investiere.ch, Swiss Founders Fund, as well as a number of angel investor clubs.[53]
Europe
Europe has a large and growing number of active venture firms. Capital raised in the region in 2005, including buy-out funds, exceeded €60 billion, of which €12.6 billion was specifically allocated to venture investment. Trade association Invest Europe has a list of active member firms and industry statistics.[54]
European venture capital investments in 2015 increased by 5% year-on-year to €3.8 billion, with 2,836 companies backed. The amount invested increased across all stages led by seed investments with an increase of 18%. Most capital was concentrated in life sciences (34%), computer & consumer electronics (20%) and communications (19%) sectors, according to Invest Europe's annual data.[55]
In 2012, in France, according to a study [56] by AFIC (the French Association of VC firms), €6.1B have been invested through 1,548 deals (39% in new companies, 61% in new rounds) by firms such as Partech Ventures or Innovacom.
A study published in early 2013 showed that contrary to popular belief, European startups backed by venture capital do not perform worse than US counterparts.[57] European venture-backed firms have an equal chance of listing on the stock exchange, and a slightly lower chance of a "trade sale" (acquisition by other company).
In contrast to the US, European media companies and also funds have been pursuing a media for equity business model as a form of venture capital investment.
Leading early-stage venture capital investors in Europe include Mark Tluszcz of Mangrove Capital Partners and Danny Rimer of Index Ventures, both of whom were named on Forbes Magazine's Midas List of the world's top dealmakers in technology venture capital in 2007.[58]
Asia
India is fast catching up with the West in the field of venture capital and a number of venture capital funds have a presence in the country (IVCA). In 2006, the total amount of private equity and venture capital in India reached $7.5 billion across 299 deals.[59] In the Indian context, venture capital consists of investing in equity, quasi-equity, or conditional loans in order to promote unlisted, high-risk, or high-tech firms driven by technically or professionally qualified entrepreneurs. It is also defined as "providing seed", "start-up and first-stage financing".[60] It is also seen as financing companies that have demonstrated extraordinary business potential. Venture capital refers to capital investment; equity and debt ;both of which carry indubitable risk. The risk anticipated is very high. The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have taken the front seat as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.[61]
China is also starting to develop a venture capital industry (CVCA).
Vietnam is experiencing its first foreign venture capitals, including IDG Venture Vietnam ($100 million) and DFJ Vinacapital ($35 million)[62]
Singapore is widely recognized and featured as one of the hottest places to both start up and invest, mainly due to its healthy ecosystem, its strategic location and connectedness to foreign markets.[63] With 100 deals valued at US$3.5 billion, Singapore saw a record value of PE and VC investments in 2016. The number of PE and VC investments increased substantially over the last 5 years: In 2015, Singapore recorded 81 investments with an aggregate value of US$2.2 billion while in 2014 and 2013, PE and VC deal values came to US$2.4 billion and US$0.9 billion respectively. With 53 percent, tech investments account for the majority of deal volume. Moreover, Singapore is home to two of South-East Asia's largest unicorns. Garena is reportedly the highest-valued unicorn in the region with a US$3.5 billion price tag, while Grab is the highest-funded, having raised a total of US$1.43 billion since its incorporation in 2012.[64] Start-ups and small businesses in Singapore receive support from policy makers and the local government fosters the role VCs play to support entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region. For instance, in 2016, Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) has given out grants up to around $30 million to four large local enterprises for investments in startups in the city-state. This first of its kind partnership NRF has entered into is designed to encourage these enterprises to source for new technologies and innovative business models.[65] Currently, the rules governing VC firms are being reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to make it easier to set up funds and increase funding opportunities for start-ups. This mainly includes simplifying and shortening the authorization process for new venture capital managers and to study whether existing incentives that have attracted traditional asset managers here will be suitable for the VC sector. A public consultation on the proposals was held in January 2017 with changes expected to be introduced by July. [66]
Middle East and North Africa
The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) venture capital industry is an early stage of development but growing. The MENA Private Equity Association Guide to Venture Capital for entrepreneurs lists VC firms in the region, and other resources available in the MENA VC ecosystem. Diaspora organization TechWadi aims to give MENA companies access to VC investors based in the US.
Sub-Saharan Africa





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The Southern African venture capital industry is developing. The South African Government and Revenue Service is following the international trend of using tax efficient vehicles to propel economic growth and job creation through venture capital. Section 12 J of the Income Tax Act was updated to include venture capital. Companies are allowed to use a tax efficient structure similar to VCTs in the UK. Despite the above structure, the government needs to adjust its regulation around intellectual property, exchange control and other legislation to ensure that Venture capital succeeds. <www.savca.co.za>
Currently, there are not many venture capital funds in operation and it is a small community; however the number of venture funds are steadily increasing with new incentives slowly coming in from government. Funds are difficult to come by and due to the limited funding, companies are more likely to receive funding if they can demonstrate initial sales or traction and the potential for significant growth. The majority of the venture capital in Sub-Saharan Africa is centered on South Africa and Kenya.
Confidential information
Unlike public companies, information regarding an entrepreneur's business is typically confidential and proprietary. As part of the due diligence process, most venture capitalists will require significant detail with respect to a company's business plan. Entrepreneurs must remain vigilant about sharing information with venture capitalists that are investors in their competitors. Most venture capitalists treat information confidentially, but as a matter of business practice, they do not typically enter into Non Disclosure Agreements because of the potential liability issues those agreements entail. Entrepreneurs are typically well advised to protect truly proprietary intellectual property.
Limited partners of venture capital firms typically have access only to limited amounts of information with respect to the individual portfolio companies in which they are invested and are typically bound by confidentiality provisions in the fund's limited partnership agreement.
Governmental regulations
There are several strict guidelines regulating those that deal in venture capital. Namely, they are not allowed to advertise or solicit business in any form as per the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.[67]
In popular culture
In books

Mark Coggins' novel Vulture Capital (2002) features a venture capitalist protagonist who investigates the disappearance of the chief scientist in a biotech firm in which he has invested. Coggins also worked in the industry and was co-founder of a dot-com startup.[68]
Drawing on his experience as reporter covering technology for the New York Times, Matt Richtel produced the novel Hooked (2007), in which the actions of the main character's deceased girlfriend, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist, play a key role in the plot.[69]

In comics

In the Dilbert comic strip, a character named "Vijay, the World's Most Desperate Venture Capitalist" frequently makes appearances, offering bags of cash to anyone with even a hint of potential. In one strip, he offers two small children with good math grades money based on the fact that if they marry and produce an engineer baby he can invest in the infant's first idea. The children respond that they are already looking for mezzanine funding.
Robert von Goeben and Kathryn Siegler produced a comic strip called The VC between the years 1997 and 2000 that parodied the industry, often by showing humorous exchanges between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs.[70] Von Goeben was a partner in Redleaf Venture Management when he began writing the strip.[71]

In film

In Wedding Crashers (2005), Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) and John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) are bachelors who create appearances to play at different weddings of complete strangers, and a large part of the movie follows them posing as venture capitalists from New Hampshire.
The documentary, Something Ventured (2011), chronicled the recent history of American technology venture capitalists.

In television

In the TV series Dragons' Den, various startup companies pitch their business plans to a panel of venture capitalists.
In the ABC reality television show Shark Tank, venture capitalists ("Sharks") hear entrepreneurs' pitches and select which ones they will invest in.
The short-lived Bravo reality TV show Start-Ups: Silicon Valley had participation from venture capitalists in Silicon Valley.
The sitcom Silicon Valley parodies startup companies and venture capital culture.

See also


Angel investor
Corporate venture capital
Enterprise Capital Fund—a type of venture capital fund in the UK
Equity crowdfunding
History of private equity and venture capital
Initial public offering (IPO)
List of venture capital firms
M&A
Private equity secondary market
Private equity
Revenue-based financing
Seed funding
Social venture capital
Sweat equity
Venture capital financing
Vulture capitalist


Notes and references


^ "Private Company Knowledge Bank". 
^ "Technical". Wikipedia. 2017-01-08. 
^ Article: The New Argonauts, Global Search And Local Institution Building. Author : Saxeninan and Sabel
^ S.X. Zhang and J. Cueto (2015). "The Study of Bias in Entrepreneurship". Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice. doi:10.1111/etap.12212. 
^ Wilson, John. The New Ventures, Inside the High Stakes World of Venture Capital.
^ Ante, Spencer E. (2008). Creative Capital: Georges Doriot and the Birth of Venture Capital. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business School Press. ISBN 1-4221-0122-3. 
^ They Made America - Georges Doriot
^ The New Kings of Capitalism, Survey on the Private Equity industry The Economist, November 25, 2004
^ Scott, Emlyn (March 6, 2017). "Emlyn Scott, "What Is Venture Capital?"". Capital Pitch. CapitalPitch.com. Retrieved March 17, 2017. 
^ Kirsner, Scott. "Venture capital's grandfather." The Boston Globe, April 6, 2008.
^ [1] Small Business Administration Investment Division (SBIC)
^ Lea, Charles. “Tape 4- Charles Lea”. Interview by Charles Rudnick. National Venture Capital Association Venture Capital Oral History Project Funded by Charles W. Newhall III. September 18, 2008.
^ "www.draperco.com". 
^ The Future of Securities Regulation speech by Brian G. Cartwright, General Counsel U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. University of Pennsylvania Law School Institute for Law and Economics Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. October 24, 2007.
^ In 1971, a series of articles entitled "Silicon Valley USA" were published in the Electronic News, a weekly trade publication, giving rise to the use of the term Silicon Valley.
^ Official website of the [2] National Venture Capital Association, the largest trade association for the venture capital industry.
^ The "prudent man rule" is a fiduciary responsibility of investment managers under ERISA. Under the original application, each investment was expected to adhere to risk standards on its own merits, limiting the ability of investment managers to make any investments deemed potentially risky. Under the revised 1978 interpretation, the concept of portfolio diversification of risk, measuring risk at the aggregate portfolio level rather than the investment level to satisfy fiduciary standards would also be accepted.
^ a b c POLLACK, ANDREW. "Venture Capital Loses Its Vigor." New York Times, October 8, 1989.
^ Kurtzman, Joel. "[3] PROSPECTS; Venture Capital." New York Times, March 27, 1988.
^ LUECK, THOMAS J. "[4] High Tech's Glamour fades for some venture capitalists." New York Times, February 6, 1987.
^ Metrick, Andrew. Venture Capital and the Finance of Innovation. John Wiley & Sons, 2007. p.12
^ "MoneyTree Survey". Pwcmoneytree.com. February 21, 2007. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst as referenced in Taub, Stephen. [5] Record Year for Private Equity Fundraising. CFO.com, January 11, 2007.
^ Investment philosophy of VCs.
^ a b Cash-strapped entrepreneurs get creative, BBC News.
^ Corporate Finance, 8th Edition. Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe. McGraw-Hill publishing, 2008.
^ "Bootlaw – Essential law for startups and emerging tech businesses – Up, Up and Away. Should You be Thinking About Venture Debt?". Bootlaw.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Andreas Kuckertz (December 1, 2015). "The interplay of track record and trustworthiness in venture capital fundraising". ResearchGate. 
^ Röhm, P., Köhn, A., Kuckertz, A. and Dehnen, H. S. (2017) A world of difference? The impact of corporate venture capitalists’ investment motivation on startup valuation. Journal of Business Economics. doi:10.1007/s11573-017-0857-5
^ "Free database of venture capital funds". Creator.zoho.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Fund — Butterfly Ventures". Butterfly Ventures. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ a b Private equity industry dictionary. CalPERS Alternative Investment Program
^ "Grow VC launches, aiming to become the Kiva for tech startups". Eu.techcrunch.com. February 15, 2010. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation". Sollertis Strategy - Adventure Capitalist and Consulting Organisation. 
^ "Grow Venture Community". Growvc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Austin, Scott (September 9, 2010). ""Law Firms Offer Discounts, Play Matchmaker," The Wall Street Journal, Sept. 9, 2010". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Impact: The Economic Importance of Venture-Backed Companies to the U.S. Economy". National Venture Capital Association. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Venture Impact (5 ed.). IHS Global Insight. 2009. p. 2. ISBN 0-9785015-7-8. 
^ Brush, Candida (2014). "Diana Report" (PDF). Women Entrepreneurs 2014. Retrieved 2016-01-14. 
^ Alba, Davey (2015-03-20). "The gender problem in venture capital is really, really bad". Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-15. 
^ Ellis, Katrina (2006). "UC Davis Study of California Women Business Leaders" (PDF). UC Regents. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ Tam, Ruth (January 30, 2015). "Artist behind Newsweek cover: it's not sexist, it depicts the ugliness of sexism". PBS NewsHour. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ Burleigh, Nina (January 28, 2015). "What Silicon Valley Thinks of Women". Newsweek. Retrieved March 21, 2015. 
^ "International venture funding rose 5 percent in 2008". VentureBeat. February 18, 2009. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Mandelson, Peter. "There is no Google, or Amazon, or Microsoft or Apple in the UK, Mandelson tells BVCA." BriskFox Financial News, March 11, 2009". Briskfox.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Recent Stats & Studies". Nvca.org. March 31, 2012. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Hamilton, Walter (April 18, 2013). "Venture-capital funding drops sharply in Southern California". latimes.com. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ "Se afianza en México industria de "venture capital" | EL EMPRESARIO" (in Spanish). Elempresario.mx. August 16, 2012. Retrieved June 14, 2013. 
^ What next for the start-up nation?, The Economist, January 21, 2012
^ Israel's Wix Reveals IPO Plans, Forbes, October 23, 2013
^ Wagner, Steffen (June 20, 2011). "Bright sparks! A portrait of entrepreneurial Switzerland" (PDF). Swiss Business. Retrieved April 24, 2013. 
^ Oskarsson, Ingvi; Schläpfer, Alexander (September 2008). "The performance of Spin-off companies at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich" (PDF). ETH transfer. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Most active Early Stage Investors in 2013". Startupticker.ch. March 21, 2014. Retrieved June 19, 2015. 
^ "Invest Europe - The Voice of Private Capital". www.investeurope.eu. Retrieved 2017-05-05. 
^ "Invest Europe 2015 European Private Equity Activity report" (PDF). 
^ French Study on 2012 Private Equity Investment in French
^ ^Startup Success in Europe vs. US, Whiteboard, Feb. 2013
^ Erika Brown and Claire Cain Miller (February 2, 2007). "Technology's Top Dealmakers". Forbes. 
^ "Venture Capital & Private Equity in India (October 2007)" (PDF). Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Venture Capital And Private Equity in India" (PDF). 
^ "Venture Capital:An Impetus to Indian Economy" (PDF). 
^ "Let's Open the 100 Million Dollar Door | IDG Ventures Vietnam – Official Website". IDG Venture Vietnam. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ http://www.inc.com/zoe-henry/what-you-need-to-know-about-starting-up-in-singapore.html
^ http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/technology/tech-behind-record-pe-vc-deals-in-2016
^ http://www.dealstreetasia.com/stories/41135-41135/
^ http://www.straitstimes.com/business/banking/simplify-rules-to-boost-venture-capital-activity-mas-review
^ "Eliminating the Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved August 20, 2014. 
^ Liedtke, Michael. "Salon.com, "How Greedy Was My Valley?"". Dir.salon.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ Richtel, Matt. "National Public Radio, "Love, Loss and Digital-Age Deception in Hooke"". Npr.org. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "The VC Comic Strip". Thevc.com. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 
^ "Comic Book Pokes Fun at Venture Capitalists". San Francisco Chronicle. December 20, 1999. Retrieved May 18, 2012. 








v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Types of capital






Academic
Accumulation of capital
Circulating/Floating
Cultural
Cross-cultural
Educational
Financial
Fixed
Human
Individual
Information
Instructional
Intellectual
Natural
Intangible
Organizational
Physical
Political
Public
Sexual
Social
Symbolic
Venture
Working





By term



Liquid (short) vs. Patient (long)





Marxist analytical



Constant
Variable
Fictitious





Marxist historical



Monopoly
Financial capital









Authority control



NDL: 00934255










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Venture_capital&oldid=790474766"					
Categories: Private equityVenture capitalEntrepreneurshipEquity securitiesCorporate financeHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Wikipedia pages semi-protected from banned usersUse mdy dates from September 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2010Articles needing additional references from March 2014All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиമലയാളംBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்УкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 00:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








ARC Angel Fund NYC - Early-Stage Venture Capital






















Menu

Home
Members

Investor Members
Investor Login


Process

How We Work
Apply For Funding


Team

Portfolio

Contact









Investing in Early-Stage
High-Growth Tech Businesses 
Learn More


Monthly Investor Meetings
Meeting Potential Investment Opportunities
Learn More


NYC Area Focused Fund
But we'll look from PA to MA
Learn More


Investing $50K-$250K
Committed Fund with sidecar investments
Learn More









ARC Angel Fund invests in seed- and early-stage companies with high growth potential.   ARC Angel Fund invests in industries with which its members have experience, with investments averaging $50,000 to $250,000, each, over the life of the investment.

ARC Angel Fund is a member-led Angel Fund. An Angel Fund is, in essence, a hybrid model between an Angel Group and a Venture Fund. The members of ARC Angel Fund range from experienced Angel Investors and Partners in VC Funds, to executives of successful companies.

Our members bring their own expertise to the table and can actively participate as much as they like in the Fund's investment decisions, and can personally invest alongside the fund. 


 


Sector Focus
 Software, IT, Internet, Tech-Enabled Services, Business Services, Digital Media, Mobile, Healthcare IT, and others



 


Region
The Fund has a primary focus towards NYC and the surrounding Northeast and Mid-Atlantic area companies.



 


Stage
We invest in early-stage companies with a product and some revenue and valuations under $5M.





 Our Process 























Unlike a standard Venture fund, the GP is owned by the investors.


General Membership makes the Investment decisions. Committees are set up to handle the business of the Fund. An Executive Committee is comprised of volunteer members of the General Partner and provides oversight of the ARC Fund.

Source:Investment opportunities are brought to the ARC Fund from members, affiliated organizations, fund managers and other institutions. Deals may also be submitted through our website here. Submitting companies MUST submit a PowerPoint and Financials with their executive summary.

Evaluation: The Evaluation Committee members will review investment opportunities, and if the Evaluation Committee elects to have a company present to the Members of the General Partner, it will be responsible for preparing such company to present, along with the founding team. 








Due Diligence:
A Due Diligence Committee will be set up for each company approved by the General Partner for due diligence. Each Due Diligence Committee will make a recommendation, and pending a vote to invest by the members of the General Partner, will prepare a term sheet and negotiate the terms of investment.

Monitoring: Following an investment, a Monitoring Committee will be set up for each portfolio company, often including members of the Due Diligence Committee, to work with the portfolio company and report on the company at monthly meetings of the General Partner. The committee will be responsible for keeping the ARC Fund apprised of a portfolio company’s material developments, including management changes, subsequent rounds of venture investments and the company's business milestones. 


Apply for Funding


 



 Our Portfolio 





Kanvas
A fun way to express yourself! Kanvas is a fast, easy way for anyone to be creative. Simply add text, stickers, painting and sound to a background to make a kanvas. Share on tumblr, twitter and facebook. (Acquired by AOL)






 




Uptown Network
As opposed to simply providing an iPad Wine List, Uptown Network connects SMART Menu Services to create a network effect.  Our current customers are averaging more than a 30% increase in wine sales
 The CEO



Successful entrepreneur who has founded four companies, including Uptown Network. Uptown Network combines technology and restaurant experience with a mission to replace all paper menus with digital menus. Very soon, society will look back at paper menus the same way we now look back at hand-written checks.

Self-taught chef and creative marketer who, with his wife Nadine, transformed the original Naples Tomato restaurant from a mom-and-pop operation to one of the country's best restaurants. Voted best restaurant in Southwest Florida by Gulfshore Life Magazine, Top 1500 Restaurants in the Country by Zagat, Naples Tomato served 100,000 guests a year. Previously founded and led two software companies: Bowstreet, Inc. (acquired by IBM); and Preferred Systems, Inc. (acquired by Computer Associates). Early board member at Nielsen / Netratings, the Nielsen of the web (IPO). Software technology expert, popular speaker, and consultant on product reinvention for Infinite Growth Group for clients such as Nestle/Stouffers and Coca-Cola/Odwalla.




 




Human Demand
A Mobile DSP & DMP focused on working with App Developers and Mobile Brands and Agencies. Human Demand features a self serve platform that is fully transparent and focuses on hyperlocal and audience campaigns at scale. (Acquired by Ignition One)






 




Nulabel
An adhesive and printer hardware tech company that helps companies cut cost & reduce waste with a patent-pending, liner-free label that uses an activatable adhesive to eliminate the need for the liner.
 The CEO



As President, I try to make everyone's job easier. I develop NuLabel's strategic and tactical plan, oversee the business and technological development teams and serve as the public face of the company to customers and investors. 




 







StatSocial
Discover the people behind the counts. We have identified over 600 million social profiles and their characteristics, as defined by over 30,000 demographic and lifestyle variables. Know, segment, and target your social audience as never before.  
 The CEO



Michael Hussey is the founder and CEO of StatSocial. Previously, he founded the people search company PeekYou (2006), building it into one of the top-250 sites in the US. Before that, he created RateMyTeachers and RateMyProfessors (2001), which to this day, nearly every college student still uses. A native Mainer, he graduated from the University of Maine in 2000 with a degree in Financial Economics and today lives in New York City with his wife and two children.




 




Offermobi
Offermobi is the first performance marketing network for mobile advertising in the US. The Round was led by ARC Angel Fund, with additional investment from several of its limited partners. (Acquired by MOKO.mobi)






 




Medivo
Medivo is focused on bringing personalized medicine into practice in the areas of preventive and therapeutic care. Co-Investors include Safeguard Scientific.
 The CEO



Sundeep is a serial entrepreneur and interested in changing the world for the better.

Sundeep is currently the CEO of Medivo, Inc. Sundeep has over 15 years of leadership experience with building teams, developing talent, and successfully growing, managing and selling businesses in healthcare marketing and technology. Previously, as the CEO and co-founder of Medsite, Inc. he established the company as a leader in online pharmaceutical marketing and services by building an extensive online community of health care professionals, including over 400,000 US physicians. He secured financing from a range of blue chip investors, including JP Morgan Partners, Morgan Stanley, Bain, and Reuters. After the sale of Medsite to WebMD in the fall of 2006, he worked on integration, new product development, and corporate strategy.

Sundeep received his B.A. in Communications from the Annenberg School of Communications at the University of Pennsylvania, with a concentration in business from the Wharton School. Sundeep was recognized as the ‘Top 5 Under 35’ by the Asian Indian Chambers of Commerce. He was a finalist for the Ernst & Young 2005, 2003 and 2000 "Entrepreneur of the Year" award. The Asian American Business Development Center recognized him as an ‘Outstanding 50 Asian Americans in Business’ in 2004. Sundeep has been featured in major publications and has been a keynote speaker at numerous conferences and has served as a guest lecturer for the Goergen Entrepreneurial Management Program at the Wharton School. Sundeep also currently serves on the Leadership Council of CASI (The Center for Advanced Studies of India) at the University of Pennsylvania.




 




Careerminds
Careerminds provides strategic solutions to organizations seeking affordable, Web-based outplacement services.
The Round was led by Innovation Venture Partners & Gabriel Venture Partners.
 The CEO



In 2008 I launched Careerminds as a virtual outplacement company. I bring over 18 years human resource leadership, career consulting, and outplacement experience to Careerminds. The concept of virtual outplacement was developed after experiencing years of traditional outplacement in a variety of HR roles. Over my career, I've planned and executed several large scale layoffs and have many years of traditional brick and mortar outplacement services.

When we started the company in 2008, we had one goal in mind: to create an outplacement program that was forward thinking and to reduce the stress employees face during career transition. This includes developing a robust and relevant technology that accelerates the transition process, creating personalized and customized programs by job function and industry, and hiring the best career consultants who support displaced employees every step of the way.




 






UpNext
UpNext is the new and exciting way to explore and discover your city. Rather than sifting through pages and links of data, UpNext enables you glide around your city, virtually. The Round was led by Lowercase Capital. (Acquired by Amazon) 



CEO Vic Singh is a serial entrepreneur and investor in the mobile software space. He is currently Founder and CEO of Kanvas, a mobile platform for creative self expression and also serves as a Founding General Partner with Eniac Ventures, the pioneer venture capital firm focused on the mobile Internet.

Vic previously founded and led Tracks, a venture backed mobile platform for collaboration around experiences and interests. Before Tracks, Vic co-founded NearVerse, the leading mobile platform for location based peer to peer media sharing. Vic served as a venture capitalist with RRE Ventures before going out on his own. He has advised and invested in 50+ early stage startups with a focus on mobile consumer Internet. Vic holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a BSE from the University of Pennsylvania.




 




Sidecar
Sidecar is a fully automated online marketing platform that efficiently acquires, converts and retains customers for online retailers. Other Funds include Innovation Venture Partners & Osage Venture Partners.
 The CEO




Sidecar is a leader in automated e-commerce marketing, powering paid search, comparison shopping engine advertising, on-site product recommendations, and email re-targeting for retailers ranging from $5M to $4B in annual online revenue, including Top 25 retailers in the US.

Prior to Sidecar, Andre was the CEO and Founder of Snipi, Inc. a patented system for people to save their interests while browsing anywhere online. Snipi was featured on the front page of the Wall Street Journal and established partnerships with the world’s leading retail and entertainment brands.

Prior to Snipi, Golsorkhi was the President and Founder of Omeda Design + Technology, which offered design and web application services. From its origins in 2003, Omeda's client roster grew to include Fortune 500 and similarly substantial entities such as IMAX Corporation, Boyd Gaming, and other private and public organizations.

Prior to founding Omeda and while still in college, Golsorkhi recognized the growing interest in portable physician scheduling and billing solutions and, developed MediLync—a proprietary, handheld patient scheduling and billing solution housed in PDAs. At the time, MediLync became the most widely used mobile solution among physician's in small physician practices. The MediLync technology was acquired in 2004.




 




YieldMo
YieldMo is a mobile advertising startup based in New York City. We are a small and dedicated team of engineers and entrepreneurs who value constant improvement, working with smart people, and solving difficult problems.
 The CEO



Investor in 100+ Internet companies such as: Klout, 500px, Meetup, Flurry, TechStars NY, Hashable, Yipit, Tapad, ThinkNear (acquired by TeleNav), Aristotle Circle, Artspace, Streeteasy (Advisor, acquired by Zillow), Voxy and many more!

Building one of the worlds great mobile services and always looking to hire great adtech people!

Built and sold Quigo to AOL for $340M in 2007.




 




Benestream
Uses a combination of technology and a multilingual call center to guide workers through the enrollment process in Medicaid with full reporting to the employer, saving companies time and money.
 The CEO



Ben is an experienced entrepreneur, healthcare policy expert, and member of New York Governor Cuomo’s Health Benefit Exchange Regional Advisory Committee. Before founding BeneStream, Ben was the founder and managing principal of Hudson TG, a policy and political consulting firm, which under his leadership more than doubled in size and revenue in five years. Ben also was an antitrust litigator at Kaye Scholer LLP and Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP. He earned his JD from Fordham Law School.




 




`



				 



CirrusData
An innovative solution for high-speed, low-impact, transparent migration of LUNs from any legacy SAN to any new Fibre Channel, iSCSI, or Cloud storage. Deploy with ZERO downtime, then cut over to new storage in just a few minutes.
 The CEO


CirrusData CEO: Wayne Lam
Wayne has over 25 years of experience in the enterprise storage industry, and has demonstrated an exceptional ability to bring new technologies to market. Wayne was a co-founder of FalconStor Software and was largely responsible for most of its successful storage products. In his career Wayne has founded and co-founded multiple high tech companies, and has led them to successful conclusion. The products created by these companies have been licensed by many storage OEMs throughout the world. With experience in every aspect of the product life-cycle, Wayne has a proven track record of conceiving product ideas by engaging enterprise customers to determine their needs, and then quickly creating start-up companies to bring the ideas to market. With his vast technical expertise and keen business acumen, Wayne is able to communicate effectively to enterprise customers and partners how the products and technologies benefit real life enterprise storage applications. Wayne received a BE in Electrical Engineering from Cooper Union College, 1986. While still in Cooper Union, Wayne started his first company in electronic document imaging and optical storage systems.





 




Bow and Drape
The first platform for women's custom fashion. Choose from a curated collection of apparel & accessories and modify color, fabric, hemlines, and other embellishments using their proprietary tech to create one of a kind items. 
 The CEO



I studied History & Literature in college, focusing part of my studies on early 20th century consumer culture. Then, as all Harvard humanities majors do, took the leap into business. I focused on strategy and management consulting, learning the ins and outs of one of the world's largest international finance firms and applying that training in the retail industry, moonlighting as a Strategic Planner for indi deisgners on nights and weekends. I also sewed my friends "party pants".

I then pursued my dream and became an entrepreneur - and not just because it was the trendy thing to do - because I believed that I could help women find more individuality in their fashion. Individuality, to me, is the future of retail.




 




MoviePass
MoviePass employs location-based technologies to allow individuals to watch movies at local theaters for a fixed monthly price. 
 The CEO



Spikes' career began in 1986 at Motown Records, where he was the product manager for Boyz II Men, Stevie Wonder, Spike Lee, Queen Latifah, and Eddie Murphy. In 1990, Spikes joined Sony Music Entertainment and worked on feature film soundtracks for movies including Jungle Fever, Bad Boys, House Party, House Party 2, Prêt-à-Porter and Darnell Martin's I Like It Like That. In 1994, Spikes became Vice President of Marketing at Miramax Films. At Miramax, Spikes led marketing campaigns for films including Trainspotting, The Crow: City of Angels, Don't Be a Menace, Emma and Scream. From 1996-97, Spikes was Senior Vice President of Marketing at October Films.

Spikes launched MoviePass, in February 2011 along with co-founder Hamet Watt. In October 2012, the company introduced a new evolution of their business model that uses proprietary location-based payment technology, and provides a secure and independent way for MoviePass members to purchase tickets.

Spikes founded the Urbanworld Film Festival in 1997. The festival is held annually in New York City.




 




PartPic
Take the headache out of searching for replacement parts with Partpic - simplifies the search and purchase of replacement parts using visual recognition technology.  (Acquired by Amazon)
 The CEO



An experienced sales and marketing professional, Jewel Burks leads the Partpic team as CEO. Since its founding in August 2013, Jewel has been responsible for building a team, goal setting and execution and fundraising. Prior to founding Partpic, Jewel worked in Enterprise Sales at Google and in Sales Management at McMaster- Carr Industrial Supply. Jewel graduated from Howard University and is from Nashville, Tennessee.




 








Radius8
Radius8 is the intelligent, online­to-offline, cloud native platform enabling retailers to activate the contents of their brick & mortar store for effortless online discovery by consumers who are both online and close to your store.
 The CEO


Radius8 CEO: Sandeep Bhanote
Sandeep Bhanote has over 15 years of experience as a start-up entrepreneur, building strong product, marketing and innovative teams in the retail technology sector and successfully delivering emerging technologies to market in a profitable and scalable way. Prior to founding Radius8, Sandeep was the founder and CEO of Global Bay Mobile Technologies, a pioneer in delivering transactional mobile solutions to emerging Omni and Brick and Mortar retailers and driving the wide adoption of Apple mobile devices in stores. This innovation created the path to closing the gap between digital and brick and mortar channels in retailing.

Under Bhanote's leadership, Global Bay delivered a mobile platform for the retail enterprise which transformed the in-store landscape by delivering integrated MobilePOS, high service-level Clienteling, Inventory Management and other robust omni-channel capabilities. Global Bay was acquired by VeriFone in 2011 and subsequently became part of enterprise omni-channel leader Manhattan Associates in 2014 and serves as the basis for their in-store omni-channel strategy.

Radius8 is driving the next disruption in retail by leveraging the power of location to drive net-new sales to the store. The radius8 platform leverages seamless integration with store inventory and a frictionless consumer experience. Retailers now have a single point of orchestration where they control their physical and digital presence, capturing new customers and increased revenues.





 




Crowded.com
Crowded.com is a best-in-class tech recriting technology platform.
 The CEO



Howie Schwartz is a serial entrepreneur and an active Angel Investor and Venture Capital Fund investor in early stage technology companies, including founding investor ARC Angel Fund I & II (UpNext, Sidecar, Medivo), the Scout Ventures I&II (FlowSearch, MobiTeris, Portalarium, Signpost), FF Ventures Silver, Rose, Saphire (Klout, 500px, Gamesalad, Kohort, Indiegogo), Metamorphic Ventures II, Eniac Ventures II & III, Female Founders Fund, CoVentures I & II, 645 Ventures, Future Perfect Ventures. Angel Investments including OfferVault, Sols, Hatch.co, StatSocial, CareCloud, Funding Wonder, Abandon Interactive Entertainment (Freaky Creatures), Blue Pearl Software (exited), AppMobi (acquired), CIMA Systems, GiftWorks (acquired), Senscient, Sticky, Inc. (acquired), ZoomCar, Augmate, The Water Initiative, nToggle, and other early stage companies.

Previously, Howie founded and was the CEO of Human Demand (Mobile DSP / DMP) acquired by IgnitionOne in August 2014. Co-founded FundingPost and Offermobi (acquired by Moko Media), as well as product & marketing training companies with over 120,000 customers worldwide. In the 90's, Howie spent a decade in the video game industry with companies such as Acclaim, ASC Games, and Sega.

Howie is on the board of the "Friendship Circle"​ (Stamford, CT) which helps children with special needs and actively supports "Al's Angels"​ (CT) which helps children with rare blood diseases and was recognized as "Angel of the Year". Howie lives in CT with his wife and 2 awesome kids.

Howie MAKES STUFF and is fascinated by 3D Printing, laser cutters, CNC routers, sensors, and robotics. Howie is addicted to ordering things on Kickstarter and Indiegogo, loves to ski, rock climb and wants to be able to surf . . .




 




Cuebiq
A next gen location intelligence company that allows businesses to glean actionable insights about real-world consumer behaviors and trends. Cuebiq provides geo-behavioral insights and offline location analytics. 
 The CEO



Industry veteran in mobile marketing, mobile big data, location intelligence, business intelligence, offline analytics, attribution analysis with a deep understanding of SaaS and DaaS (Data as a Service) Business model.
Strong background in managing and scaling international organizations and in high growth startups. 




 




lynq
 The wearable that tracks the location of your group. The weatherproof device, which is not dependent on Wifi, Bluetooth, cell service, or maps, makes sure that everyone is accounted for, whether you are in a state park or in a remote area. 
 The CEO



In October 2014, Dave founded lynQ, the 1st real-time location platform for groups — no phone, cell network, wifi or map required. Dave is a leader and strategic thinker with over 10 years of management experience and a proven track of running a business from end-to-end. Skilled at developing and empowering employees, including leadership of teams with significantly greater experience than myself. He is experienced in the successful evolution of processes, technologies and business intelligence. Passion and drive to accomplish, and motivate others to accomplish, what was once thought difficult or unachievable.




 




Members 


Founding Partners:
David Freschman
Michael Kelley
Edward Reitler
Joe Rubin
Executive Committee:
Joseph R. Saviano
Jeffrey Finkle
Sridhar Chityala
Kevin Pianko
John Ferretti
Steve Madsen
Kumar S. Sripadam
Raymond Sobieski

Evaluation Committee Chairman
Jeffrey Finkle


Sourcing Committee Chairman
Tom Nicholson




Steve Adler : Financial Summit Ventures
Manish Aggarwal : Gold Ridge Asset Management
Jonathan Anapol : Prime Manhattan Realty
David Atadan : Angel Investor
Martin Babinec : UVC / StartFast Accelerator
Kevin Balfe : Mercury Radio Arts, Inc
Marshall Bartlett : Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
Michael Beller : Lightship Partners
Sandeep	Bhanote : Angel Investor
Matthew Blesso : Blesso Properties
Steve Brotman : Angel Investor
Bernie Chen : Underhill Capital Advisors
Charles Chesler : Old Rock Ventures, LLC
Sridhar	Chityala : Vedas Group
Shreyas	Chityala : Vedas Group
Brian Colton : Angel Investor
Dan Coates : Cordelay Holdings
Brian Corrigan : Angel Investor
Dave Delaney : Lancer Insurance 
Robert Delman : Golden Seeds
Mike Della Penna : Angel Investor
Michael Derikrava : Wild World Investments




Chris Dougherty : Lancer Insurance
Elijah Duckworth-Schachter : Point One Percent
David Dussault : Angel Investor
Richard Ellenson : Angel Investor
Jonah Engler : Angel Investor
Adam Epstein : Credit Suisse
Donald Ershow : Angel Investor
Brad Feld : Foundry Group
John Ferretti : Foxfire Printing & Packaging, Inc.
Jeff Finkle : Odeon Capital
Ruth Fisher : Pereg Holdings
Patrick Foley, Ph.D : Innovation Capital Advisors
Edward EF. Foy : eFashionSolutions
Don Franceschini : Angel Investor
David Freschman : Innovation Capital Advisors, LLC
Robin Freschman : FashInvest
John Gans : Angel Investor
Frank Garland : Angel Investor
Eric Gelb : Angel Investor
Marc Glazer : Business Financial Services, Inc.
Brian Gold : Angel Investor
Edwin Goodman : Milestone Venture Partners
Jeff Guberman : Fourth Wall Events
Bill Harding : Financial Summit Ventures
Michael Herzberg : Roseworth Capital
David Hill : Angel Investor
Brian Hirsch : Tribeca Venture Partners
Ken Huynh : Angel Investor
Nick Jekogian : Signature Community
Leo G. Kailas : Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
Merle Duskin Kailas : MK Productions Inc.
Lawrence Kaplan : 24th Letter
Jackie Karceski : Dearborn Investments, LLC
Michael Kelley : Merion Investment Partners
Chris Kelly : Piece of Mind Corp
Michael Knox : Gold Ridge Asset Management
Sergei Kovalenko : iTechArt Group
Peter Kranes : Bowery Partners
Rick Kushel : Angel Investor
Frederick Light : Foxfire Printing & Packaging, Inc.
Ross Lipson : Angel Investor
Winston Lowe : ShepardLowe LLC
Stephen Madsen : Angel Investor





Bernard Mantha : Angel Investor
Alan McGlade : DEV
Eileen McNamara-Raisch : Angel Investor
Arsen Mrakovcic : Larchmont Capital
David Neveloff : Angel Investor
Jim Nichols : Shorefront Capital Partners LLC
Tom Nicholson : Nicholson | NY LLC
Gordon Ogden, CRE : Byrnam Wood, LLC
Thomas P. Ogden : Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP
Ernie Osle: UBS Financial Services
Stephen Pelletier : SPELLNET
Luis Perez : Parenting Bridge
Scott Peters : JEGI
Bre Pettis : Makerbot
Kevin M. Pianko : Weiser LLP
Jeremy Raccio : Angel Investor
Edward Reitler : Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
Peter Rothberg : Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
Joe Rubin : FundingPost
Shioulin Sam : Angel Investor
Robert Saunders : Angel Investor
Joseph Saviano : Baker Capital
Bharat Sawhney : Angel Investor
Harris Schwartz : Angel Investor
Howie Schwartz : Angel Investor
Lokesh Seth : Angel Investor
Richard Sheldon : Angel Investor
Jim Shepard : ShepardLowe LLC
Jeff Silverman : Laconia Capital
Lee Silverstein : Angel Investor
Steve Sinek : Dearborn Investments, LLC
Vamsi Sistla : Angel Investor
Brett Smith : Propeller Investments LLC
Leeana A. Smith-Ryland : CS Wilton Group LLC
Raymond Sobieski : R2 LLC
Kumar S. Sripadam : Angel Investor
Christine Tate : Angel Investor
Tracy Tomasso : Cordelay Holdings
Thomas Volker : Angel Investor
John Watkins : Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
Peter Weiss : Angel Investor
Jamie Weston : Angel Investor
Michael Yang : Angel Investor
Joseph M. Zawadzki : MediaMath LLC 
Adam Zurofsky : Angel Investor




Founding Partners 






 Read More



David J. Freschman, Founder Emeritus
Our friend David cofounded ARC Angel Fund with us in 2010. His generousity, business acumen and sense of humor remain an inspiration to us all.

In addition to ARC, Mr. Freschman was a Managing Principal of Innovation Capital Advisors, LLC (ICA). ICA serves as the management company of Innovation Ventures, L.P. (IV), and the Delaware Innovation Fund (DIF). He had served as the President and CEO of the DIF since its establishment in 1995. The DIF is a seed- and early-stage venture capital fund that focuses on entrepreneurial ventures in the Mid-Atlantic region. Mr. Freschman had been responsible for all aspects of IV’s and the DIF’s management since its inception, including the business strategy, fiscal and operational management, raising investment capital, and evaluating all investment opportunities and portfolio company management.

Mr. Freschman was very active in the venture and entrepreneurial communities. He was one of the organizers and initial investors in the Mid-Atlantic Angel Group, where he served on the angel fund’s Executive and Investment Committees. He sat on a number of Boards, and has been a lecturer on venture capital, entrepreneurship and angel investing at The White House Conference on Small Business, The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, Temple University, the University of Delaware, Goldey-Beacom College, and Loyola College in Baltimore. He was the creator and founder of Early Stage East – the premier early-stage venture capital event on the East Coast. In 2001, Mr. Freschman was appointed by Gov. Ruth Ann Minner to chair the venture capital study of Delaware’s Strategic Economic Council. Mr. Freschman was appointed and served a three-year term representing New Castle County, Delaware, on the Small Business Advisory Council of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia through 2002.

Prior to establishing the DIF, Mr. Freschman was responsible for the formation of the corporate finance advisory division of McBride Shopa & Company, one of the largest certified public accounting and consulting firms in Delaware. Mr. Freschman began his career with the Enterprise Group of the Philadelphia office of Arthur Andersen, LLP, from 1984 through 1989. He graduated with honors with an MBA from Loyola College of Maryland and cum laude from the University of Delaware with a B.S. in accounting, where he was a John B. Lynch Scholar. He was also a member of Beta Gamma Sigma – the National Honor Society.

Mr. Freschman is survived by his wife, two kids, and thousands of people whose lives he has touched. 




DAVID FRESCHMAN
 





 Read More




For more than 15 years, Michael Kelley has been executing and managing principal investments in private equity. Currently a Director at Merion Investment Partners, a subordinated debt and equity fund with assets under management of $240MM. Prior to Merion, he was the founder and principal of Formation Capital, Inc. ("Formation"), which managed capital in excess of $50 million in equity invested in 30 investments. Formation's venture portfolio includes Foxfire Printing and Packaging, iProcess Online and Performance Systems Development. Prior to Formation, Mr. Kelley was a principal with HK Special Situations Group, where he provided advisory services to the US Small Business Administration regarding a troubled Small Business Investment Company. He was also a principal with GSA Management and with Intrust USA. At Intrust he was responsible for raising and investing 4 real estate tax credit funds and one venture capital fund. In addition to serving as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Delaware Innovation Fund, Mr. Kelley sits on the boards of Foxfire Printing, Early Stage East, and the Metropolitan Wilmington Urban League. Mr. Kelley received his BA degree in History magna cum laude from the University of Delaware. 




MICHAEL KELLEY
 





 Read More


Ed is the senior member of Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC.  He and his firm handle a wide variety of corporate matters including private equity, venture capital, mergers and acquisitions, capital markets and joint ventures transactions. 

Ed is one of the leading venture attorneys in the northeast and has represented dozens of venture funds and their portfolio companies.  Notable venture funds include Spark Capital, Safeguard Scientific, Edison Venture, Starvest, First Round, Milestone Ventures, Tribeca Venture Partners, New Spring Capital, New Atlantic Ventures, Osage Venture Partners, Paladin Capital, SJF Ventures, ff Venture Capital, Vocap Ventures, and Gen Y Capital Partners. Notable portfolio company clients include Warby Parker, MediaMath, BillTrust, Business Financial Services, LifeStreet, Service Channel, Spongecell, Pontiflex, FMS, Yieldbot, Kemp Technologies and Aspire Financial.

In addition to ARC, Ed is also a co-founder of the Female Founders Fund, L.P., a seed fund investing in women led businesses targeting the female consumer.  He is a frequent speaker and panelist on issues affecting the private equity and venture capital markets and is a regular guest lecturer on venture capital finance at Columbia Business School.
Ed is a member of the Board of Directors of Business Financial Services, a credit card accounts receivable factor, gCommerce, Inc., an inventory management and custom order software developer, and Brightbox, a technology and consumer services company.  Ed also serves on the technology committee of the New York City Investment Fund, a venture fund that co-invests in early stage businesses in New York City.  Ed is a member of Board of Advisors for North West Fund for England, the Nex Gen Fund and Lyric Financial.  Ed has also served on the Board of Trustees of the Harvard Law School Alumni Association of New York.  He is a frequent speaker and panelist on issues affecting the venture capital and private equity markets and is a regular guest lecturer on venture capital finance at Columbia Business School.  Ed graduated from Harvard Law School, magna cum laude, where he was an Editor and a contributor to the Journal of Law and Public Policy and a contributor to the Harvard Journal of Legislation.  After a clerkship with the Hon. J. Edward Lumbard (United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit), he joined Cravath, Swaine & Moore in 1991.  He joined Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC in 1998 as a member.
 




Ed Reitler
 





 Read More


Joe Rubin is a Director & Co-Founder of FundingPost.com. FundingPost has been introducing entrepreneurs to investors nationwide for over 15 years through its Online Venture Exchange and Dealflow Magazine, and organizes Venture Capital and Angel Investor Conferences in 23 cities nationwide. Joe has also invested in over a dozen seed deals, including Sticky, Inc. (acquired by Splashtop, Inc.), Senscient, appMobi, Giftworks (acquired by Frontstream Payments), CIMA Systems, was an investor and on the advisory board of Offermobi (acquired by Moko.mobi), Human Demand (acquired by IgnitionOne) and an advisor to Gozaik (acquired by Monster), Augmate and Waveborn Sunglasses. Joe spends most of his time working with investors and helping early-stage entrepreneurs, and speaks at events such as the NYC Economic Development Corporation's Jumpstart and Fasttrac Programs, Early-Stage-East, and Connecticut's CTech, is a speaker at and sponsor of the UCLA Private Equity Club and Disruptive Technologists in NYC, and a Mentor to Angel Groups such as 37 Angels, Accel Foods and TopStone Angels. Joe is also a Founding Partner of ARC Angel Fund 1 & 2, seed tech funds based in NYC which have invested in, among others: Upnext (acquired by Amazon), Medivo, Sidecar, Careerminds, Kanvas (acquired by AOL), Partpic, and is a prior board member of the Crowdfund Intermediary Regulatory Advocates (CFIRA) and a founder of FP Angels, a national Angel Investor Group.

Prior to FundingPost, Joe was instrumental in helping to raise $2.5 Million in angel and venture capital for his dot.com start-up producing a family-friendly network and over 100 flash-based video games which were playable online and sold as a compilation in stores like Comp USA. Joe was also the Webmaster at Knight Securities (NASD: NITE), where he helped to design its online trading platform and website. Prior to working Online, Joe worked in television and graphic design for companies such as NBC and MTV, in addition to doing freelance commercial production. Joe began working in television production, graphic design and 3D animation professionally when he was 15, and graduated from Hofstra University with a B.A. in Communications. He now lives in Connecticut with his wife and 2 children. 




Joe Rubin
 






News 




Lynq, NYC Startup Raised $1.9M To Make Sure You Never Get Lost AlleyWatch, July 7, 2017




Sidecar Closes $11 Million Series C Investment Round May 11, 2017 




This NYC Startup, Cuebiq, Just Raised $3.5M To Bring Location Data to Your Marketing Efforts AlleyWatch, Feb 8, 2017




Yieldmo, a New York City-based ad tech startup, has raised $8.8 million Fortune, June 28, 2017




0
1
2
3












The 1st Member-Managed Angel Fund in NYC


Contact

 
885 3rd Ave, 20th Fl New York, NY 10022

 
info@arcangelfund.com




Latest Tweet
Tweets by @arcangelfund



Newsletter
Get our latest news.







 





©2010-2015 Angel Round Capital Fund, LP 




 
 
 













Home
































































About Us
Investments

Angel Investments
Versatile Sports
Venture Funds I & II 



Contact 









Entrepreneurs for Entrepreneurs | 847-681-1270 











  













Investing In Talented And Passionate Entrepreneurs
Early Stage Venture Capital
Sports and Golf Investments
Legacy Venture Funds
• Technology Products/Services
• Medical Products/Services
• Industrial Technology
• Commercial Real Estate
• Consumer Products/Services
• Sports Related Businesses
• Golf Industry—Real Estate,
   Products, and Services
• Retail Concepts
• Training Facilities and Academies
• Fitness, Nutrition, and Wellness
• Traditional venture capital
   funds providing early
   stage capital for
   technology companies.

Versatile Sports Partners


Angel Investments


Venture Funds I & II























KB Partners, LLC is a suburban Chicago based investment firm established in 1996 to make investments in a variety of angel funded and venture capital opportunities.
KB's objective is to build dominant new enterprises by working in partnership with talented entrepreneurs and experienced managers. 






 
































PatchPump® is the most size efficient and scalable delivery product for injectable drugs because:
One single ECell design acts as both the power source and the driving mechanism for the whole range of drug volumes and viscosities; The volume of the drug container is easily changed without fundamental changes to the technology. 

















 
[ Current Angel Investment ] 
























KB Partners got its start in 1996 by making a series of angel investments in order to establish a track record and name for itself. It has since raised two early stage technology oriented traditional venture capital funds, KB Partners Venture Fund I and KB Partners Venture Fund II, from a group of high net worth individuals and institutional investors. Both funds have been fully invested and company Founder Keith Bank is now investing personal capital in individual deals in combination with a variety of co-investors, in lieu of raising any additional institutional venture funds. KB is also actively involved in Versatile Sports Partners, a Chicago based firm created to pursue select investment opportunities in the sports and golf industries, along with select real estate situations.
At our core, we are entrepreneurs with a passion for building great companies. We've been in the operating trenches before and recognize that building and growing early stage companies is as much art as science. No business plan or financial forecast can prepare an entrepreneur for the myriad of situations that will be faced when starting and building a company. However, experience can be the difference between exponential growth and severe growing pains.
KB Partners has a proven track record of helping young companies transform themselves into market leaders. We have faced many of the issues confronted regularly by the entrepreneurs we back. Accordingly, our ability to apply our own operating experiences to these challenges enables us to provide hands-on assistance with all aspects of an organization. 






 
































Early Stage Venture Capital
• Technology Products/Services• Medical Products/Services• Industrial Technology• Commercial Real Estate• Consumer Products/Services 











		
					 Angel Investments 				
	
 










Sports and Golf Investments
• Sports Related Businesses• Golf Industry—Real Estate, Products,
and Services• Retail Concepts• Training Facilities and Academies• Fitness, Nutrition, and Wellness 











		
					 Versatile Sports Partners  				
	
 










Legacy Venture Funds
• Traditional venture capital funds providing early stage capital for technology companies. 











		
					 Venture Funds I & II 				
	
 








KB Partners, LLC is a suburban Chicago based investment firm established in 1996 to make investments in a variety of angel funded and venture capital opportunities.
KB's objective is to build dominant new enterprises by working in partnership with talented entrepreneurs and experienced managers. 









		
					 About Us 				
	
 

		
					 Contact Us 				
	
 




 
































PatchPump® is the most size efficient and scalable delivery product for injectable drugs because:
One single ECell design acts as both the power source and the driving mechanism for the whole range of drug volumes and viscosities; The volume of the drug container is easily changed without fundamental changes to the technology. 

















 
[ Current Angel Investment ] 






















KB Partners got its start in 1996 by making a series of angel investments in order to establish a track record and name for itself. It has since raised two early stage technology oriented traditional venture capital funds, KB Partners Venture Fund I and KB Partners Venture Fund II, from a group of high net worth individuals and institutional investors. Both funds have been fully invested and company Founder Keith Bank is now investing personal capital in individual deals in combination with a variety of co-investors, in lieu of raising any additional institutional venture funds. KB is also actively involved in Versatile Sports Partners, a Chicago based firm created to pursue select investment opportunities in the sports and golf industries, along with select real estate situations.
At our core, we are entrepreneurs with a passion for building great companies. We've been in the operating trenches before and recognize that building and growing early stage companies is as much art as science. No business plan or financial forecast can prepare an entrepreneur for the myriad of situations that will be faced when starting and building a company. However, experience can be the difference between exponential growth and severe growing pains.
KB Partners has a proven track record of helping young companies transform themselves into market leaders. We have faced many of the issues confronted regularly by the entrepreneurs we back. Accordingly, our ability to apply our own operating experiences to these challenges enables us to provide hands-on assistance with all aspects of an organization. 




 















HomeAbout UsInvestments
Angel InvestmentsVersatile Sports PartnersVenture Funds I & II Contact
About UsInvestments
Angel InvestmentsVersatile SportsVenture Funds I & II Contact


 

	21st Century Investment Fund Invests in RPM Ventures II, LP to Spur High-Tech Job Growth | MEDC































©2017 Michigan Economic Development Corporation


Michigan Strategic Fund.MEDC Projects MapPure Michigan TravelSitemapTransparencyPublic Notices & RFPsContact MEDC












Home
Why MichiganWhy Michigan Intro
Pure Michigan Means BusinessAdvanced ManufacturingAerospaceAgribusinessCybersecurityDefenseMobilityLiving in MichiganSuccess StoriesStart UpStart Up Intro
CapitalTalentCustomersBusiness AssistanceEntrepreneurial OpportunityGrowGrow Intro
Find TalentAccess CapitalPure Michigan Business ConnectIncentives and TaxesCore IndustriesInternational Trade ServicesCommunityCommunity Intro
Community Development and AssistanceMichigan Council for Arts and Cultural AffairsMichigan Film and Digital Media OfficeTribal PartnersAbout MEDCAbout MEDC Intro
MEDC MissionJobs at MEDCPeoplePartnersEventsNews Reference LibraryLogo RequestMEDC WebsitesSite SelectionSite Selection Intro
Real Estate Database (GIS)NewsNews Intro
Top StoriesAutoBusinessCommunityCultureEntrepreneurshipTalentTradePress Releases




























21st Century Investment Fund Invests in RPM Ventures II, LP to Spur High-Tech Job Growth














RSS
RSS


View MEDC Social Networking
Social











Share









Thursday, February 28, 2008Bridget Beckman, MEDC,(517) 335-4590beckmanb1@michigan.orgBob Payne, Credit Suisse(248) 619-1868Investment will support state’s diversification effortsGovernor Jennifer M. Granholm and Michigan Economic Development Corporation President and CEO James C. Epolito today announced Michigan Strategic Fund board approval of an investment of up to $3.75 million through the Michigan21st Century Investment Fund in the new RPM Ventures II, LP venture capital fund. The fund will focus on investments in information technology, alternative energy and other technology-based companies in the Midwest as well as high-tech firms spun out from universities.  “Providing funding for high-tech Michigan companies and leveraging the cutting-edge technology coming out of our state’s excellent universities is part of our state’s strategy to grow the economy and create jobs,” Granholm said.  Managed by Marc Weiser and Tony Grover, Ann Arbor-based RPM, formerly known as Waypoint Ventures, has operated in Michigan since 2000. They have a strong network of close relationships with universities, research institutions and companies in Michigan. Approximately one-third of RPM’s deals are first round spin outs from universities including the University of Michigan.Weiser and Grover sit on a variety of boards and committees that support venture capital in the state. RPM created the Michigan Alumni Venture Partners Network and sponsored the University of Michigan Cleantech Conference. RPM has shown a commitment to building and growing technology companies in Michigan. To date, Weiser and Grover have invested $2.4 million in eight Michigan-based companies and RPM has yielded the only University of Michigan venture-backed information technology spin out in the last three years.“This new fund with experienced principals connected with Michigan’s university, research and business communities will support our efforts to create and grow new high-tech companies and good-paying jobs in Michigan,” said Epolito, the chair of the MSF board.The 21st Century Investment Fund is a major component of Governor Granholm’s 21st Century Jobs Fund, a $2-billion, 10-year initiative to diversify the state’s economy and grow high-tech companies and jobs. Commitments through the fund can only be invested in companies that have a strong Michigan presence. The program is focused on generating strong returns while creating and retaining Michigan jobs. Including this investment, the MSF has authorized up to $58.75 million of investments in venture capital, mezzanine, and private equity funds through the 21st Century Investment Fund."Credit Suisse is excited to support a dynamic local fund manager such as RPMVentures,” said Kelly Williams, co-head and managing director of Credit Suisse’s Customized Fund Investment Group. “The team has built close relationships with universities, research institutions and companies in Michigan and will continue to employ an investment strategy that supports the state’s entrepreneurs and high technology businesses.”The $109-million 21st Century Investment Fund seeks to strengthen and diversify Michigan’s economic base by fostering the creation and growth of new jobs, new businesses, and new industries within the state through investments in private equity, venture capital and mezzanine funds, as well as potential co-investments in individual companies alongside these funds. The Michigan Strategic Fund contracts with Credit Suisse to develop and administer investment programs under the Michigan 21st Century Investment Fund. More information is available at www.michigan21stcenturyinvestmentfund.com. # # # 












ContactPublic 
Notices & RFPsTransparencyPure Michigan TravelMEDC Projects MapMSF
Terms & ConditionsSite Map

©2017 Michigan Economic Development Corporation300 N. Washington Sq., Lansing, MI 48913888.522.0103 







  






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













UK FTF - UK Future Technologies Fund
























Supporting entrepreneurship and innovation in Europe


Home Contact us Sitemap    









Who we are
Overview
Our history
Governance
Shareholders
Credit Rating
What we do
Overview
Equity products
Debt products
Microfinance products
EFSI - Investment Plan for Europe
Regional Development -Country/Sector-specific initiatives
EFSI
Overview
How does EIF contribute to EFSI
How to apply for EFSI financing
News & Publications
Press releases
Press contacts
Publications
Audiovisual library - case studies
EIF logo
Research & Market Analysis
Work at the EIF
Overview
Current opportunities
The GRAD programme
Internships
Remuneration & benefits




What we doEquity productsTechnology TransferEuropean Angels Fund (EAF) - Co-investments with Business AngelsVenture capitalThe Social Impact Accelerator (SIA)Lower mid-marketMezzanine Facility for GrowthPan-European Venture Capital Fund(s)-of-Funds programmeEFSI Equity instrumentSingle EU Equity Financial InstrumentCOSME - Equity Facility for GrowthInnovFin EquityPrivate equity secondary market transactionsEIF-NPI Equity Platform Debt productsAGRI Guarantee Facility Credit enhancementCultural and Creative Sectors Guarantee Facility (CCS GF)ENSI - Securitisation InitiativeErasmus+ Master Loan Guarantee FacilityEREM debt productsSingle EU Debt Financial InstrumentCOSME - Loan Guarantee FacilityInnovFin SME Guarantee FacilityThe SME InitiativeThe SME Initiative BulgariaThe SME Initiative FinlandThe SME Initiative ItalyThe SME Initiative MaltaThe SME Initiative RomaniaThe SME Initiative SpainInclusive financeEaSI Financial InstrumentsEaSI Capacity Building Investments WindowEaSI Guarantee InstrumentEuropean Progress Microfinance FacilityEntrepreneurs supported through Progress MicrofinanceEuropean Fund for Strategic Investments (EFSI)How does EIF contribute to EFSIHow to apply for EFSI financingRegional Development - Country and sector-specific initiativesBaltic Innovation Fund (BIF)Competitiveness Fund-of-Funds for SMEs in RomaniaDeep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area Initiative East Guarantee Facility (DCFTA)Dutch Venture Initiative (DVI-II)European Recovery Programme (ERP)ERP-EIF Co-Investment Growth Facility ESIF Fund-of-Funds Czech Republic ESIF Fund-of-Funds GreeceThe Silesia EIF Fund of FundsEstFundFOSTER TPE-PME OccitanieGreater Anatolia Guarantee Facility (GAGF)G43 - Anatolian Venture Capital Fund Project JEREMIELfA-EIF FacilityLuxembourg Future Fund (LFF)Mezzanine 'Fund of Fund' for Germany (MDD)Polish Growth Fund of Funds (PGFF) Swedish Venture Initiative (SVI)Turkish Growth and Innovation Fund (TGIF)Scottish-European Growth Co-Investment ProgrammeThe EIB Group Risk Enhancement Mandate (EREM)Western Balkans Enterprise Development & Innovation Facility II (WB EDIF II)

UK FTF - UK Future Technologies FundThe UK Future Technologies Fund is a GBP 200m technology focused 'fund-of-funds' launched in February 2010 by the EIF and the UK Government which invests into venture capital funds in the ICT, life sciences and advanced manufacturing sectors. The funds should have a UK focus and an emphasis on early and development stage companies. 
UK FTF main features are:

Backing high-quality teams with sound collective investment record, strong experience and insight into the UK market
Invests only in venture capital funds and does not make direct investments in companies
Invests on commercial terms and seeks a market return on its investments
Aims to build a diversified portfolio of funds: 12 to 20 funds
Balanced focus across main technology sectors: ICT, life sciences and advanced manufacturing
Targeting all stages: seed, start-up, early and growth stage
Pan-European approach: Fund will also consider European teams that have shown an ability to invest successfully into UK businesses

Are you a fund manager interested in partnering with us under UK FTF? 


Investments will be made predominantly in established venture capital teams with a proven track record of investing in UK
Investee funds should have a coherent strategy, taking into account the know-how of the team as well as fund size and geographic, industrial and technological focus of the fund
There must be commercially viable fund sizes for team stability and the fund’s investment capacity
Clear legal and tax structure for the investee funds including market standard terms and conditions
Pari passu treatment of all investors

The EIF aims to support venture capital investment in the UK through a variety of initiatives including the UK FTF L.P. Fund Managers seeking to raise new funds are welcome to contact EIF with their proposals. In order to facilitate the screening of any investment opportunity, please submit a presentation or PPM to Mr Will Vizard.
 For SMEs :

If you are looking for funding and would like to see which financial intermediaries currently cooperate with us, please visit http://www.eif.org/what_we_do/where/index.htm and contact the intermediary in your country directly


For information about finance available under further EU initiatives, please visit http://europa.eu/youreurope/business/funding-grants/access-to-finance

 
HIGHLIGHTSUK FTF - Funds signed to dateRelated publicationsUKFTF - UK Future Technologies Fund


 Equity 
Technology Transfer
Venture Capital
Co-investments with Business Angels (EAF)
EFSI Equity

Pan-European VC Fund(s)-of-Funds programme

InnovFin Equity
COSME - Equity Facility for Growth (EFG)
Lower Mid-Market
Mezzanine
NPI Equity platform
Private Equity and Venture Capital Funds Investments 
Social Impact Accelerator (SIA)
Private Equity Secondary Market Transactions
Debt
Guarantees & Securitisation
Agri Guarantee Facility
COSME - Loan Guarantee Facility (LGF)
Cultural and Creative Sectors Guarantee Facility
ENSI
Erasmus+ Master Loan Guarantee Facility
EREM 
InnovFin SME Guarantee Facility
SME Initiative
Microfinance
EaSI Financial Instrument
Regional development and sector-specific initiatives
Baltic Innovation Fund (BIF)
Cyprus Entrepreneurship Fund (CYPEF)
Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area (DCFTA) Initiative East mandate
Dutch Venture Initiative (DVI-II)
Estfund
FOSTER
ERP-EIF Co-Investment Growth FacilityLFAMDD
IPA/G43GAGF
Luxembourg Future Fund (LFF)
Swedish Venture Initiative (SVI)
Turkish Growth and Innovation Fund (TGIF)
Polish Growth Fund of Funds (PGFF)
Scottish-European Growth Co-investment Programme
Western Balkans Enterprise Development and Innovation Facility (WB EDIF)
Quick links
EIF transactions under EFSI - Investment Plan for Europe
EIF financial intermediaries
Calls for expression of interest for the selection of intermediaries
Research & Market Analysis
   



 
 

Copyright ©
 European Investment Fund 2016 – The European Investment Fund is not responsible for the content of external internet sites.
 Contact webmaster























Brand switching of high-technology capital products: how product features dictate the switching decision, Journal of Product & Brand Management | DeepDyve








































 


























Put the “R” back in your R&D. Boost your team’s innovation with DeepDyve Research on Demand. Start your Free Trial today!  
		    Learn More














                        DeepDyve                    




Log in



                                    Sign up - Try 2 Weeks Free







How it Works


Learn More


Content


Pricing



Browse



 Search
                        















 Filters





Title





Journal





Authors





Date


Anytime
Within the last year
Within the past 3 years
Custom Period




to







 Search
Reset filters








 







 DeepDyve requires Javascript to function. Please enable Javascript on your browser to continue.
    










The Largest Online Rental Service for Scholarly Research
Instant Access to Thousands of Journals for just $40/month
“Whoa! It’s like Spotify but for academic articles.” -@Phil_Robichaud








Brand switching of high-technology capital products: how product features dictate the switching decision

            Al-Kwifi, Sam ; Ahmed, Zafar U. ; Yammout, Dina
        

            Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to investigate the factors that underpin brand switching of medical imaging products by mass-market users. Most of the literature on brand switching is focused on competitive market products, for which switching costs are manageable. However, little consideration is given to brand switching of high-technology capital products. Design/methodology/approach – The conceptual model is developed based on the existing literature on B2B brand switching. An online survey was developed and distributed to decision makers involved in purchasing medical imaging technology. Findings – The results confirm the expectation that product features is the most influential factor underpinning brand switching. Product features are critical for medical organizations who want to maintain their competitive advantage. The findings suggest that the set of factors that influence the decision to switch is unique for users of different market segments in the same industry (e.g. lead users and mass-market users). This difference stems from technology utilization of each market segment. Research limitations/implications – In high-technology markets, managers should develop a reliable strategy to evaluate the antecedents behind brand switching that are specific to their industry. Knowledge of the major factors that cause users to switch is essential to allow firms to determine the strategy needed to prevent the erosion of their market share. Originality/value – Although the literature reports considerable research on brand switching, this study is a first-of-its-kind in that it demonstrates that the factors underpinning brand switching vary within the same industry, based on the characteristics of each market segment. This paper develops new knowledge on the factors that influence the decision of users of high-technology capital products to switch between brands to renew or improve their internal capabilities.
        
http://www.deepdyve.com/assets/images/DeepDyve-Logo-lg.png

Journal of Product & Brand Management
Emerald Publishing

http://www.deepdyve.com/lp/emerald-publishing/brand-switching-of-high-technology-capital-products-how-product-MV81lIs5iO












Brand switching of high-technology capitalproducts: how product features dictate theswitching decisionSam Al-KwiﬁCollege of Business and Economics, Qatar University, Doha, Qatar and Richard Ivey Business School, Western University,London, Canada, andZafar U. Ahmed and Dina YammoutDepartment of Marketing, Lebanese American University, Beirut, LebanonAbstractPurpose – The purpose of this paper is to investigate the factors that underpin brand switching of medical imaging products by mass-market users.Most of the literature on brand switching is focused on competitive market products, for which switching costs are manageable. However, littleconsideration is given to brand switching of high-technology capital products.Design/methodology/approach – The conceptual model is developed based on the existing literature on B2B brand switching. An online surveywas developed and distributed to decision makers involved in purchasing medical imaging technology.Findings – The results conﬁrm the expectation that product features is the most inﬂuential factor underpinning brand switching. Product featuresare critical for medical organizations who want to maintain their competitive advantage. The ﬁndings suggest that the set of factors that inﬂuencethe decision to switch is unique for users of different market segments in the same industry (e.g. lead users and mass-market users). This differencestems from technology utilization of each market segment.Research limitations/implications – In high-technology markets, managers should develop a reliable strategy to evaluate the antecedents behindbrand switching that are speciﬁc to their industry. Knowledge of the major factors that cause users to switch is essential to allow ﬁrms to determinethe strategy needed to prevent the erosion of their market share.Originality/value – Although the literature reports considerable research on brand switching, this study is a ﬁrst-of-its-kind in that it demonstratesthat the factors underpinning brand switching vary within the same industry, based on the characteristics of each market segment. This paperdevelops new knowledge on the factors that inﬂuence the decision of users of high-technology capital products to switch between brands to renewor improve their internal capabilities.Keywords Switching costs, Business-to-business marketing, Brand switching, Internal capabilities, Medical imaging industry, Product featuresPaper type Research paperAn executive summary for managers and executivereaders can be found at the end of this issue.In high-technology markets, ﬁrms set strategies to provide themost advanced features of the products they offer (Tholkeet al., 2001; Bhattacharya et al., 1998). Doing this is critical forusers who may favor product features that create distinctivecapabilities that help to distinguish users from their marketcompetitors (Henard and Szymanski, 2001). The literaturedemonstrates that achieving such strategies requirescontinuous improvement of product features and identifyingthe right set of features to keep the product attractive (Su et al.,2006; Krieg, 2004). Failure to meet the demands of usersresults in a slow rate of technological change in productfeatures that are vital to users, leading to user dissatisfactionand switching to a more capable technology (Heide andWeiss, 1995), as well as to a decrease in market share anddiminished proﬁts for the supplier (Banbury and Mitchell,1996). This scenario becomes serious in markets that arenearing maturity, where the only tactic to grow market share isthrough inspiring product users to switch from a competitor(Al-kwiﬁ and McNaughton, 2013). Thus, understanding thefactors that inﬂuence brand switching is crucial forstrategy-making by suppliers of high-technology products.The literature contains considerable business-to-businessresearch that investigates brand switching, but most of it isconcentrated on competitive products in B2B markets(Money, 2004; Wathne et al., 2001; Low and Johnston, 2006;Heide and Weiss, 1995). In competitive B2B markets,organizations focus on frequently purchased consumerproducts, such as insurance, advertisement andtelecommunication services. In such markets, it is believedthat the organizations spend signiﬁcant time sorting outdifferent products based on quality, performance and pricebecause this market contains a wide variety of alternativeoptions, whereas less time is spent on the ﬁnal decision. Onthe other hand, in B2B markets of high-technology products,The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available atwww.emeraldinsight.com/1061-0421.htmJournal of Product & Brand Management23/4/5 (2014) 322–332© Emerald Group Publishing Limited [ISSN 1061-0421][DOI10.1108/JPBM-12-2013-0473]322

 



Loading next page...











 
/lp/emerald-publishing/brand-switching-of-high-technology-capital-products-how-product-MV81lIs5iO

















Journals
/ 

Journal of Product and Brand Management
/ 

Volume 23 Issue 4/5




Subject Areas
/ 

Business, Management and Accounting










You’re reading a free preview. Subscribe to read the entire article.

Try 2 weeks free now  



DeepDyve is your  personal research library


                            It’s your single place to instantly
discover and read the research 
                            that matters to you.
                        

                                Enjoy affordable access to 
                                over 12 million articles from more than 
10,000 peer-reviewed journals.
                            

                                                                            All for just $40/month
                                                                    










Explore the DeepDyve Library


 Search


                or browse the journals available



 





Unlimited reading
Read as many articles as you need. Full articles with original layout, charts and figures. Read online, from anywhere.



Stay up to date
Keep up with your field with Personalized Recommendations and Follow Journals to get automatic updates.



Organize your research
It’s easy to organize your research with our built-in tools.



 

Your journals are on DeepDyve
Read from thousands of the leading scholarly journals from SpringerNature, Elsevier, Wiley-Blackwell, Oxford University Press and more.
All the latest content is available, no embargo periods.
See the journals in your area 




 






“Hi guys, I cannot tell you how much I love this resource. Incredible. I really believe you've hit the nail on the head with this site in regards to solving the research-purchase issue.”Daniel C.





“Whoa!  It’s like Spotify but for academic articles.”

 @Phil_Robichaud
                            






“I must say, @deepdyve is a fabulous solution to the independent researcher's problem of #access to #information.”

 @deepthiw
                             






“My last article couldn't be possible without the platform @deepdyve that makes journal papers cheaper.”
                             

 @JoseServera
                             





‹
›












Professional Plan



Read unlimited articles
Personalized recommendations
No expiration
Print 20 pages per month
20% off on PDF purchases
Organize your research
Get updates on your journals and topic searches




$40/month




Start Free Trial 
14-day Free Trial








Best Deal — 25% off
Annual Plan 


All the features of the Professional Plan, but for 25% off!
Billed annually
No expiration
For the normal price of 10 articles elsewhere, you get one full year of unlimited access to articles.




$480


$360/year


 billed annually




Start Free Trial 
14-day Free Trial




Interested in DeepDyve for your group?







Try 2 weeks free now 









×
Sign up for your 14-Day Free Trial now
Read and print from thousands of top scholarly journals.


System error. Please try again!





















Sign up 


or



 Sign up with Facebook
 Sign up with Google


By signing up, you agree to DeepDyve’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.





Already have an account? Log in




×
Save Article to Read Later


Save this article to read later. You can see your Read Later on your DeepDyve homepage.
To save an article, log in first, or sign up for a DeepDyve account if you don’t already have one.



Sign Up Log In





×
Subscribe to Journal Email Alerts


To subscribe to email alerts, please log in first, or sign up for a DeepDyve account if you don’t already have one.



OK






×
Follow a Journal


To get new article updates from a journal on your personalized homepage, please log in first, or sign up for a DeepDyve account if you don’t already have one.



OK


















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































