


 Accenture plc (Form: 4, Received: 11/02/2015 16:14:23) 
















	FORM 4




	[ ]
	Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue.

	See

	Instruction 1(b).

	        





	UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

	Washington, D.C. 20549







	STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES



	                                                                                  




	OMB APPROVAL



	OMB Number:


	3235-0287



	Estimated average burden

	hours per response...


	0.5





	                      





	Filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30(h) of the Investment Company Act of 1940



	                      














	1. Name and Address of Reporting Person


	*






	ROWLAND DAVID




	2. Issuer Name

	and

	Ticker or Trading Symbol




	Accenture plc
	[
	ACN
	]




	5. Relationship of Reporting Person(s) to Issuer
	(Check all applicable)




	_____ Director

	                    

	_____ 10% Owner



	__

	X

	__ Officer (give title below)

	    

	_____ Other (specify below)




	Chief Financial Officer








	(Last)

	        

	(First)

	        

	(Middle)





	C/O ACCENTURE, 161 N. CLARK STREET




	3. Date of Earliest Transaction

	(MM/DD/YYYY)






	10/29/2015








	(Street)





	CHICAGO, IL 60601



	(City)

	      

	(State)

	      

	(Zip)





	4. If Amendment, Date Original Filed


	(MM/DD/YYYY)





	 





	6. Individual or Joint/Group Filing


	(Check Applicable Line)




	_

	X

	_ Form filed by One Reporting Person

	___ Form filed by More than One Reporting Person















	Table I - Non-Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or Beneficially Owned







	1.Title of Security

	(Instr. 3)




	2. Trans. Date




	2A. Deemed Execution Date, if any




	3. Trans. Code

	(Instr. 8)




	4. Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)

	(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)




	5. Amount of Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s)

	(Instr. 3 and 4)




	6. Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)




	7. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)






	Code




	V




	Amount




	(A) or (D)




	Price









	Class A ordinary shares

	 





	10/29/2015

	 




	 





	A






	  







	8570


	 






	A







	$0

	 





	29396

	 





	D

	 




	 







	Class A ordinary shares

	 





	10/29/2015

	 




	 





	F






	  







	4007


	 






	D







	$108.431

	 





	25389

	 





	D

	 




	 
















	Table II - Derivative Securities Beneficially Owned (

	e.g.

	, puts, calls, warrants, options, convertible securities)







	1. Title of Derivate Security

	(Instr. 3)




	2. Conversion or Exercise Price of Derivative Security




	3. Trans. Date




	3A. Deemed Execution Date, if any




	4. Trans. Code

	(Instr. 8)




	5. Number of Derivative Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)

	(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)




	6. Date Exercisable and Expiration Date




	7. Title and Amount of Securities Underlying Derivative Security

	(Instr. 3 and 4)




	8. Price of Derivative Security

	(Instr. 5)




	9. Number of derivative Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s) (Instr. 4)




	10. Ownership Form of Derivative Security: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)




	11. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)






	Code




	V




	(A)




	(D)




	Date Exercisable




	Expiration Date




	Title




	Amount or Number of Shares














	Explanation of Responses:













	Reporting Owners








	Reporting Owner Name / Address





	Relationships






	Director




	10% Owner




	Officer




	Other







	ROWLAND DAVID

	C/O ACCENTURE

	161 N. CLARK STREET

	CHICAGO, IL 60601












	Chief Financial Officer

















	Signatures









	/s/ Victoria A. Stewart, Attorney-In-Fact for David Rowland








	11/2/2015









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date












	Reminder: Report on a separate line for each class of securities beneficially owned directly or indirectly.








	*






	If the form is filed by more than one reporting person,

	see

	Instruction 4(b)(v).








	**






	Intentional misstatements or omissions of facts constitute Federal Criminal Violations.

	See

	18 U.S.C. 1001 and 15 U.S.C. 78ff(a).






	Note:




	File three copies of this Form, one of which must be manually signed. If space is insufficient,

	see

	Instruction 6 for procedure.






	Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB control number.










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


EXPLORATION  ​eXPLORATION    EXPLORATION PERMITS -   We can provide turn key exploration permits with our engineering, legal and permit writing team.  LEGAL ISSUES - Our team has legal associates with experience in BLM and NDEP requirements, lease negotiations and mining litigation.​EXPLORATION BUDGETING AND PLANNING -  We have CPA associates with budgeting and financial reporting  experience focusing on the mining sector.EXPLORATION ENGINEERING - We have engineering associates experienced in mining permitting requIrements and plant construction management.EXPLORATION OPERATIONS - We can provide operators with  drilling  experience to provide time and budgeting estimatesDRILLING PROGRAMS - We can provide operators with  exploration construction, drilling and bulk sampling experienceBULK SAMPLING - We can provide operators with  bulk sampling experience to provide time and budgeting estimates.SRCE (bonding estimates) - We can provide SRCE bonding estimates for BLM and State regulators bonding requirements for exploration.  exploration  Type your paragraph here.  EQUIPMENT    Home  PROJECTS  Contact  High Desert Holding Corp.     View on MobileContact  BOARD OF DIRECTORSMark Kersey, Chairman, DirectorBill Jerome, DirectorHoward Dean, Director   Name: *   Email: *Check here to receive email updates   Subject: *   Message: *   Thank you for contacting us! If needed, you will hear back within 48-72 hours.   contact   Our corporate office is where all the guys sometimes in suits or hard hats work. It's where you can mail, meet, or call us. Everyone else works in other locations as needed. We only hire the best engineers, accountants, attorneys and professionals as needed on a sub-contracting basis.  If they want to stay in Reno or Northwest Arkansas  sitting in their office while they work on our latest projects, fine by us. If your requests involves checking our facilities, we'll be glad to facilitate that. Just give us a ring first.  CORPORATE OFFICE  nevadaHDHC corporate offices are headquartered in Incline Village, near Lake Tahoe.  ADDRESS  CORPORATE OFFICES  CONTACT US  High Desert Holding Corp.865 Tahoe Blvd., Ste. 302Incline Village, NV 89451 (775) 298-2846 (office)(775) 298-2670 (fax)(903) 738-6152 (mobile)mark@highdesertmines.com    EQUIPMENT  Home  PROJECTS  Contact    High Desert Holding Corp.     View on MobileContact  BOARD OF DIRECTORSMark Kersey, Chairman, DirectorBill Jerome, DirectorHoward Dean, Director   Name: *   Email: *Check here to receive email updates   Subject: *   Message: *   Thank you for contacting us! If needed, you will hear back within 48-72 hours.   contact   Our corporate office is where all the guys sometimes in suits or hard hats work. It's where you can mail, meet, or call us. Everyone else works in other locations as needed. We only hire the best engineers, accountants, attorneys and professionals as needed on a sub-contracting basis.  If they want to stay in Reno or Northwest Arkansas  sitting in their office while they work on our latest projects, fine by us. If your requests involves checking our facilities, we'll be glad to facilitate that. Just give us a ring first.  CORPORATE OFFICE  nevadaHDHC corporate offices are headquartered in Incline Village, near Lake Tahoe.  ADDRESS  CORPORATE OFFICES  CONTACT US  High Desert Holding Corp.865 Tahoe Blvd., Ste. 302Incline Village, NV 89451 (775) 298-2846 (office)(775) 298-2670 (fax)(903) 738-6152 (mobile)mark@highdesertmines.com    EQUIPMENT  Home  PROJECTS  Contact    High Desert Holding Corp.     View on MobileDrilling Equipment  EQUIPMENT  Home  PROJECTS  Contact  High Desert Mines closed several Asset Purchase Agreements with Signal Mining & Exploration Co. LLC and Longhorn Mining Enterprises for the acquisition of drilling rigs, excavators, extended reach backhoes, Peterbilt 10 wheel heavy lift truck, low boy trailers, 200 KW Gen Set, a deisel powered hydraulic plant, an Ingersol Rand and Atlas Copco towable air compressor, and a Massey Ferguson Scraper Loader.  The drilling rigs and mining equipment can be used in the exploration of High Desert Mines' mining claims in Nevada.  There are three drilling rigs that have the capacity to drill to a depth of 1000 feet.  The drilling rigs have the range to drill core holes and sample holes.  These new pieces of equipment will allows High Desert Mines to determine the locations for the best ore concentrates to allow the highest return for their mining sites.    Drilling and Exploration Equipment     High Desert Holding Corp.  Type your paragraph here.       View on MobileHigh Desert Holding Corp. - "Operations" "Engineering" "Permitting" "Gold Mining" "Gold" "Silver", Services, Google Services  ​​​​​​​July 15, 2016High Desert Holding Corp. announced submission of its filing of their S-1 with the Securities & Exchange Commission ("SEC").   This will allow High Desert Holding Corp to become a full reporter with the SEC and is one of the steps allowing High Desert to  continue the steps allowing the Company to be listed on one of the OTC Markets exchanges.  Januarty 20  2016High Desert Mines LLC has closed on a Purchase Agreement  for mining  equipment from Longhorn Mining Enterprises, LLC which can be viewed in the Equipments Section of the web site...  December 2 ,  2015High Desert Holding Corp. held its annual stockholders meeting on December 29, 2015 where Mr. Howard J. Dean and Mr. William E. Jerome were added as Directors on its Board for 2016. .  Mr. Kersey was reelected as Chairman and Director for 2016  May 15, 2016High Desert Mines LLC received notification from the BLM that the QR Exploration Application has been approved subject to posting a bond with NDEP. for the summer exploration at the site..  ​​​​​september 1, 2016High Desert Holding Corp. announced the payment of the annual lease fees for the mining claims held by High Desert Mines LLC  for the QR Claims and the Kibby Flats Claims.    ​​​​​December 13, 2016High Desert Holding Corp. announced the verbal approval on a Securities and Exchanged Commission S-1 Registration Statement  with an effective date of 12:00 PM PST on December 19, 2016.  Mark KerseyPresident    June 3, 2016High Desert Holding Corp. announced the completion of PCAOB audited financial statements for the period ending December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015.  This will allows the Company to be a Full Reporter  upon approval of the S-1 filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission ("SEC").  High Desert Holding Corp.865 Tahoe Blvd., Ste. 302Incline Village, NV  89451MR. Mark Kersey, CEO, CHairman & President(775) 298-2846    office(775) 298*2670    fax  Welcome  High Desert Holding Corp's management  has experience in the construction and operation of both mines and mills in Nevada.  Management has worked with both  BLM and the Navada Division of Environmental Protection on projects from inception to operations.    When you have a serious project that needs to be done, look no further than High Desert Holding Corp.                         We innovate. We deliver.  High Desert Holding Corp. was founded in 2015 to take advantage of the great opportunities in mining, milling and mining services in the high desert areas of the western United States. Recently, a lot has changed – technology, governments, world economies, the materials we use in our daily lives. But, one things remains unchanged – our dedication to doing the best work.  We keep an old fashioned attitude about work, and that's that it needs to be done as we promised.                                                                               M. Kersey​  PERMITTING  LATEST NEWS  MINING  SERVICES  It's old fashioned now, but High Desert Holding Corp. believes in providing the highest level of service on mining services both internally and externally.  Services range form minining permits, mining legal services, mining construction management and mining accounting services.  EXPLORATION  Management has experience in procuring permits and  implementing drilling programs and exploration  for both regional, national and international projects.  Management has worked  with  BLM nationally and with projects in Nevada.       At High Desert Holding Corp., we take pride in management's experience  in  the permitting process for mines, plants and exploration projects. with both Federal and State agencies like BLM and the Nevada Division of Environmental Protection.  EQUIPMENT    Home  PROJECTS  Contact  High Desert Holding Corp.     View on MobileHigh Desert Holding Corp. - "Operations" "Engineering" "Permitting" "Gold Mining" "Gold" "Silver", Services, Google Services  ​​​​​​​July 15, 2016High Desert Holding Corp. announced submission of its filing of their S-1 with the Securities & Exchange Commission ("SEC").   This will allow High Desert Holding Corp to become a full reporter with the SEC and is one of the steps allowing High Desert to  continue the steps allowing the Company to be listed on one of the OTC Markets exchanges.  Januarty 20  2016High Desert Mines LLC has closed on a Purchase Agreement  for mining  equipment from Longhorn Mining Enterprises, LLC which can be viewed in the Equipments Section of the web site...  December 2 ,  2015High Desert Holding Corp. held its annual stockholders meeting on December 29, 2015 where Mr. Howard J. Dean and Mr. William E. Jerome were added as Directors on its Board for 2016. .  Mr. Kersey was reelected as Chairman and Director for 2016  May 15, 2016High Desert Mines LLC received notification from the BLM that the QR Exploration Application has been approved subject to posting a bond with NDEP. for the summer exploration at the site..  ​​​​​september 1, 2016High Desert Holding Corp. announced the payment of the annual lease fees for the mining claims held by High Desert Mines LLC  for the QR Claims and the Kibby Flats Claims.    ​​​​​December 13, 2016High Desert Holding Corp. announced the verbal approval on a Securities and Exchanged Commission S-1 Registration Statement  with an effective date of 12:00 PM PST on December 19, 2016.  Mark KerseyPresident    June 3, 2016High Desert Holding Corp. announced the completion of PCAOB audited financial statements for the period ending December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015.  This will allows the Company to be a Full Reporter  upon approval of the S-1 filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission ("SEC").  High Desert Holding Corp.865 Tahoe Blvd., Ste. 302Incline Village, NV  89451MR. Mark Kersey, CEO, CHairman & President(775) 298-2846    office(775) 298*2670    fax  Welcome  High Desert Holding Corp's management  has experience in the construction and operation of both mines and mills in Nevada.  Management has worked with both  BLM and the Navada Division of Environmental Protection on projects from inception to operations.    When you have a serious project that needs to be done, look no further than High Desert Holding Corp.                         We innovate. We deliver.  High Desert Holding Corp. was founded in 2015 to take advantage of the great opportunities in mining, milling and mining services in the high desert areas of the western United States. Recently, a lot has changed – technology, governments, world economies, the materials we use in our daily lives. But, one things remains unchanged – our dedication to doing the best work.  We keep an old fashioned attitude about work, and that's that it needs to be done as we promised.                                                                               M. Kersey​  PERMITTING  LATEST NEWS  MINING  SERVICES  It's old fashioned now, but High Desert Holding Corp. believes in providing the highest level of service on mining services both internally and externally.  Services range form minining permits, mining legal services, mining construction management and mining accounting services.  EXPLORATION  Management has experience in procuring permits and  implementing drilling programs and exploration  for both regional, national and international projects.  Management has worked  with  BLM nationally and with projects in Nevada.       At High Desert Holding Corp., we take pride in management's experience  in  the permitting process for mines, plants and exploration projects. with both Federal and State agencies like BLM and the Nevada Division of Environmental Protection.  EQUIPMENT    Home  PROJECTS  Contact  High Desert Holding Corp.     View on MobileAbout  services    Mining engineeringWe remember the old days of gold like few others. We've seen and been part of every incremental advance of getting the stuff out of the ground – from the sizing and  sluice boxes to the most sophisticated jigs, tables and chemical solutions of today.  PermittingLegal, Engineering and Professional Services We remember the old days of gold mining in the western United States.  Management's family has been involved in all aspects of mining since the 1940's, when little or no permitting was required.  Management has experience in both Federal and State permitting and has completed both milling operations and mining operations since 2009.  Construction ManagementHaving the right hands on the job makes a differenceWhen we see companies say things like "a century of collective experience," we look around and laugh. We have years of experience managing job sites for mining and milling projects.      SERVICES LIST  - permitting- exploration- Mining- MIlling- legal services for mining- accounting services for mines- mining construction - mining construction management- Custom  mining  engineering  SERVICES OVERVIEW  We don't typically engage in  bragging, but we will say that no matter what mining problem you have, we've already been part of a solution. When you've been in business as long as we have and faced technology's increasingly rapid developments, you learn a few things. Or, in our case, more than a few. We have simple, ready-to-implement solutions for almost every problem.  And, if you bring us something new, our engineers, attorneys, accountants and staff would love to work with you to find the solution.  EQUIPMENT  Home  PROJECTS  Contact    High Desert Holding Corp.     View on MobileProjects    Home  PROJECTS  Contact  Q R Mine  Kibby Flats  Type your paragraph here.  Push Button for Kibby Flats Mine  EQUIPMENT  High Desert Holding Corp.  Push Button for QR Mine     View on Mobile
  1467536D Stock Quote - High Desert Holding Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  High Desert Holding Corp   1467536D:US      Pending Listing   1467536D:US is pending listing   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   High Desert Holding Corp. operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers drilling and exploration programs, as well as provides mining legal, construction management, and accounting services. High Desert Holding serves customers in the United States.    Address  865 Tahoe BlvdSuite 302Incline Village, NV 89451United States   Phone  1-775-298-2846   Website   www.highdesertholdingcorp.com     Executives Board Members    Mark A Kersey  Chairman/CEO     Show More         

High Desert Holding Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















high desert holding corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Commercial Services
Sub-Industry: Professional Services
High Desert Holding Corp. operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers drilling and exploration programs, as well as provides mining legal, construction management, and accounting services. High Desert Holding serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

865 Tahoe Blvd
Suite 302
Incline Village, NV 89451
United States


Phone:
1-775-298-2846


Fax:
1-775-298-2670


Web url:
www.highdesertholdingcorp.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company


Mark Kersey
High Desert Holding Corp








Board Members
Company
































From The Web











Key Executives


Mark A Kersey


Chairman/CEO







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















 





 High Desert Holding Corp. (Form: S-1/A, Received: 12/13/2016 06:05:05) 













	 





	As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
	December 12, 2016.




	Registration No. ________________




	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549




	 






	FORM S-1/A3




	REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
	ACT OF 1933




	 




	HIGH DESERT HOLDING CORP.



	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
	charter)



	 







	Nevada




	 




	1040




	 



	46-3493034






	(State or other jurisdiction of



	 



	(Primary Standard Industrial



	 



	(I.R.S. Employer






	incorporation or organization)



	 



	Classification Code Number)



	 



	Identification No.)







	 




	865 Tahoe Boulevard, Suite 302




	Incline Village, Nevada 89451




	(775) 298-2856



	(Address, including zip code, and telephone
	number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)



	Mark A. Kersey




	865 Tahoe Boulevard, Suite 302




	Incline Village, Nevada 89451




	(775) 298-2856



	(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
	number, including area code, of agent for service)


	Upon the Effective Date of this Registration
	Statement.


	(Approximate date of commencement of proposed
	sale to the public)



	If any
	of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under
	the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box:


	x




	If this
	Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following
	box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.


	o




	If this
	Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
	Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.


	o




	If this
	Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
	Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.


	o



	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
	filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
	filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.





	Large Accelerated Filer


	o




	Accelerated Filer


	o






	Non-accelerated Filer


	o


	(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)




	Smaller Reporting Company


	x






	 

	 






	 






	 














	 



	 



	 







	 






	 







	Explanatory
	Paragraph



	 


	The Company is filing the accompanying amendment to enhance
	certain disclosures associated with the offering and its properties; and to clarify some items.  No additional material changes
	were made to the Form S-1/A2 as filed on November 28, 2016.




	 






	 






	 






	 









	Calculation of Registration Fee







	Title of Each Class of Securities




	To Be Registered




	 




	Amount to




	be Registered




	 


	 




	Proposed




	Maximum




	Offering Price




	Per Share (2)




	 


	 




	Proposed Maximum




	Aggregate Offering




	Price




	 


	 




	Amount Of




	Registration




	Fee (3)(4)




	 






	Offered
	by the Issuer:




	Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (1)




	 


	 



	6,500,000



	 


	 



	$0.20



	 


	 


	 


	 



	$1,300,000



	 


	 


	 


	$150.67


	 





	Offered by the Selling Stockholders:


	Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (1)



	 


	 


	3,500,000


	 


	 


	$0.20


	 


	 


	 


	 


	$700,000


	 


	 


	 


	$81.13


	 






	 



	 






	(1)


	Pursuant to Rule 416 of the Securities Act, this registration statement also registers such additional
	shares of common stock as may become issuable to prevent dilution as a result of stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.








	(2)


	Estimated in accordance with Rule
	457 of the Securities Act of 1933 solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the
	registration fee. Our common stock is not traded on any national exchange and the offering
	price is based on the price at which shares of the registrant’s common stock were
	sold to investors in private transactions, which does not necessarily bear a relationship
	to the registrant's book value, assets, past operating results, or financial condition.
	The Selling Shareholders’ shares will be sold at a fixed price until the shares
	are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the OTCQX the OTCQB or listed on
	a securities exchange and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately
	negotiated prices, if applicable. There can be no assurance that a market maker
	will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
	Inc., which operates the OTC Bulletin Board, that such an application for quotation will
	be approved or that our common stock ever will trade. The registrant makes no representation
	as to the price at which its common stock may trade if quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board.








	(3)


	Calculated in accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.






	(4)


	$231.80 previously paid





	 




	The registrant hereby amends this registration
	statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment
	which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
	the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange
	Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.




	 








	The Issuer and the Selling Shareholders
	are offering the securities on a self-underwritten, best efforts basis, which is intended to end 180 days from the effective date
	of this registration statement, unless earlier terminated by the sale of all 10,000,000 shares or the Board of Directors determines
	that it is in the best interest of the Issuer to terminate the offering. The Issuer and Selling Shareholders are making this offering
	without the involvement of underwriters or broker-dealers.  There are no minimum purchase requirements, and there are no arrangements
	to place the funds in an escrow, trust, or similar account. All sales of the securities offered by the Issuer and Selling Shareholders
	are final at the time of sale.








	 




	 









	 


	 






	 



	 








	The information in this prospectus
	is not complete and may be changed. The selling stockholders may not sell these securities until the registration statement
	filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these
	securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the sale is not permitted.







	 


	 





	SUBJECT TO COMPLETION,
	DATED DECEMBER [__], 2016




	HIGH DESERT HOLDING CORP.



	 



	PROSPECTUS



	 


	This prospectus relates to the issuance
	and sale of up to 6,500,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share at an offering price of $0.20 per share, of High
	Desert Holding Corp. and to the resale of up to 3,500,000 shares of common stock that may be sold by the selling stockholders
	identified in this prospectus from time to time, at a fixed price of $0.20 per share until the shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin
	Board, the OTCQX, the OTCQB, or listed on a securities exchange and thereafter at prevailing market prices or as privately negotiated,
	as applicable; for an aggregate offering of 10,000,000 shares of common stock. These selling stockholders, together with their
	transferees, are referred to throughout this prospectus as “selling stockholders.” We may receive up to $1,300,000
	in proceeds from the sale of our common stock in this offering if all 6,500,000 newly issued shares are purchased by third party
	investors. The Company will not receive any of the proceeds, totaling $700,000, if the selling stockholders identified in this
	prospectus sell all of their shares at a fixed price of $0.20 per share.


	 


	Our common stock does not presently trade on
	any exchange or electronic medium. We have not applied for listing to trade on any public market nor has a market maker applied
	to have our common stock admitted to quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board. We may seek to identify a market maker to file an application
	to have our common stock admitted to quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board; however, we cannot assure you that our common stock ever
	will be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or trade on any other public market or electronic medium.


	 


	We will pay all of the expenses incident to
	the registration of the shares offered under this prospectus, except for sales commissions and other expenses of selling stockholders
	applicable to the sales of their shares.


	 


	The shares may be offered for sale from time
	to time by the selling stockholders acting as principal for their own accounts or in brokerage transactions at prevailing market
	prices or in transactions at negotiated prices. No representation is made that any shares will or will not be offered for sale.
	It is not possible at the present time to determine the price to the public in any sale of the shares by the selling stockholders
	and the selling stockholders reserve the right to accept or reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of shares. Accordingly,
	the public offering price and the amount of any applicable underwriting discounts and commissions will be determined at the time
	of such sale by the selling stockholders.  See “Selling Stockholders” and “Plan of Distribution”
	in this prospectus.


	 






	 




	 



	An investment in our common stock is speculative
	and involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risk factors and other uncertainties described in
	this prospectus before purchasing our common stock. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page [_].



	 



	NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
	NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL,
	ACCURATE, OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.



	 



	The date of this prospectus is ________________, 2016.




	 






	 


	 


	 






	 







	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 













	 


	Page No.





	Prospectus Summary



	1





	Risk Factors



	5





	Market and Other Data



	10





	Use of Proceeds



	11





	Determination of Offering Price



	11





	Dilution of the Price You May Pay for Your Shares



	11





	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations



	14





	Description of Properties



	23





	Legal Proceedings



	23





	Market For Our Common Stock and Other Related Stockholder Matters



	23





	Management



	24





	Executive Compensation



	25





	Certain Relationships, Related Transactions, and Director Independence



	26





	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management



	28





	Selling Stockholders



	29





	Plan of Distribution



	31





	Description of Securities to be Registered



	32





	Shares Eligible For Future Sale



	33





	Legal Matters



	33





	Experts



	34





	Where You Can Find More Information



	34





	Index to Financial Statements




	F-1






	 





	AVAILABLE INFORMATION



	 


	This prospectus constitutes a part of a registration
	statement on Form S-1 (together with all amendments and exhibits thereto, the “Registration Statement”) filed by us
	with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). As permitted by the rules
	and regulations of the SEC, this prospectus omits certain information contained in the Registration Statement, and reference is
	made to the Registration Statement and related exhibits for further information with respect to High Desert Holding Corp. and the
	securities offered hereby. Any statements contained herein concerning the provisions of any document filed as an exhibit
	to the Registration Statement or otherwise filed with the SEC are not necessarily complete, and in each instance reference is made
	to the copy of such document so filed. Each such statement is qualified in its entirety by such reference.


	 




	Through and including
	________________ all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering,
	may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when
	acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.




	 



	You should rely only on the information
	contained in this prospectus and any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us that we have referred to you. We and
	the selling stockholders have not, authorized anyone to provide you with additional or different information from that contained
	in this prospectus. If anyone provides you with additional, different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. We
	and the selling stockholders are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, shares of our common stock only in jurisdictions
	where offers and sales are permitted.



	 


	 






	 



	i



	 







	 





	 





	PROSPECTUS SUMMARY



	 



	This summary highlights information contained
	elsewhere in this prospectus. Because this is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important
	to you. You should read this entire prospectus and should consider, among other things, the matters set forth under “Risk
	Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, and
	our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this prospectus before making your investment
	decision.



	 



	Unless the context otherwise requires, any
	reference to “the Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refers to High Desert Holding
	Corp. and its subsidiaries, a Nevada corporation.



	 



	Glossary


	 



	 



	“assay”

	means to test minerals
	by chemical or other methods for determining the amount of metals contained therein.


	 



	“claim”

	means a mining interest
	giving its holder the right to prospect, explore for and exploit minerals within a defined area.


	 



	“feasibility study”

	means
	a comprehensive study undertaken to determine the economic feasibility of a project; typically to determine if a construction and/or
	production decision can be made.


	 



	“grade”

	means the amount
	of precious metal in each ton of ore, expressed as troy ounces per ton.


	 



	“heap leaching”

	means a
	process whereby gold and silver are extracted by “heaping” crushed ore onto impermeable leach pads and applying a weak
	cyanide solution that dissolves the gold and silver from the ore into a precious metal-laden solution for further recovery.


	 



	“lode”

	is a vein-like deposit
	or rich supply of or source of gold or other minerals.


	 



	“mineralized material”

	is
	a body that contains mineralization that has been delineated by appropriately spaced drilling and/ or underground sampling to estimate
	a sufficient tonnage and average grade of metal(s). Such a deposit does not qualify as a reserve until a comprehensive evaluation
	based upon unit cost, grade, recoveries, and other material factors conclude legal and economic feasibility of extraction at the
	time of reserve determination.


	 



	“NSR”

	means net smelter
	return royalty.


	 



	“ore”

	means a mineral-bearing
	rock, which may be rich enough to be mined at a profit.


	 



	“oxide”

	means ore in which
	some of the minerals have been oxidized (i.e., combined with oxygen through exposure to air or water) from surface exposure, fracturing,
	faulting, or exposure to high temperatures. Oxidation tends to make the ore more porous and permits a more complete permeation
	of cyanide solutions so that minute particles of gold in the interior of the minerals will be more readily dissolved. Oxide ore
	is generally processed using a heap leach method.


	 



	“placer”

	means alluvial
	deposit containing particles or larger pieces of gold or other minerals.


	 



	“probable reserves”

	means
	reserves for which quantity and grade and/or quality are computed from information similar to that used for proven (measured) reserves,
	but the sites for inspection, sampling and measurement are farther apart or are otherwise less adequately spaced. The degree of
	assurance, although lower than that for proven (measured) reserves, is high enough to assume continuity between points of observation.


	 



	“proven reserves”

	means
	reserves for which (a) quantity is computed from dimensions revealed in outcrops, trenches, workings or drill holes; grade and/or
	quality are computed from the results of detailed sampling and (b) the sites for inspection, sampling and measurement are spaced
	so closely and the geologic character is so well defined that size, shape, depth, and mineral content of reserves are well-established.


	 



	“quartz”

	is one of the most
	common of all rock-forming minerals and one of the most important constituents of the earth’s crust. Quartz may be transparent,
	translucent, or opaque; it may be colorless or colored.


	 



	“recovery”

	means that portion
	of the metal contained in the ore that is successfully extracted by processing, can also be expressed as a percentage.


	 


	 






	 



	1



	 






	 



	 



	“reserves”

	or

	“ore
	reserves”

	mean that part of a mineral deposit, which could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time
	of the reserve determination.


	 



	“stripping ratio”

	or

	“strip
	ratio”

	means the ratio of waste tons to ore tons mined.


	 



	“sulfide”

	means a compound
	of sulfur and a metallic element, generally processed using milling methods.


	 



	“tailings”

	means refuse
	materials resulting from the washing, concentration, or treatment of ore.


	 



	“ton”

	means a short ton
	(2,000 pounds).


	 



	“vein”

	is a deposit of non-sedimentary
	origin, which may or may not contain valuable minerals; lode.


	 



	“waste”

	means rock or other
	material lacking sufficient grade and/or other characteristics to be economically processed or stockpiled as ore and which is often
	necessary to access an ore deposit.



	 




	HIGH DESERT HOLDING CORP.



	 


	High Desert Holding Corp. is a mineral exploration
	company. Our primary focus is identifying mining properties and mining equipment, primarily located within the Western United States
	that may be economically feasible for commercial development. We have not limited our property identification and subsequent exploration
	activities to those containing only precious metals as we have determined that non-precious metal markets may provide more near-term
	benefits to our Company and its shareholders. In the near-term, we are seeking to acquire or obtain rights to acquire properties
	that possess potentially commercially viable non-precious and/or precious mineral resources throughout the Western United States.


	 



	Corporate History



	 


	High Desert Holding Corp. (“we”,
	“us”, “our”, the “Company” or the “Registrant”) was incorporated in the State of
	Nevada on August 29, 2013. Since inception, we have focused our activities on researching and identifying potential mineral properties,
	primarily in Nevada, California, Idaho, and Arizona, that may be economically feasible for commercial development. We believe there
	are many undervalued property opportunities in this region of the United States and we have acquired and seek to acquire or obtain
	rights to further explore and develop these properties.




	 






	Management



	 


	Mark A. Kersey, who serves as our Chief Executive
	Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has extensive business development experience particularly within mining exploration, development,
	and operations.


	 



	Our Business



	 


	We are a precious and non-precious mineral
	exploration company. We have informally established contacts with individuals and other entities to identify potentially viable
	resources. While we currently do not have any binding letters of intent or obligations, we may seek to partner or enter into other
	business combinations with other individuals or entities.


	 


	Our initial efforts are focused on identifying
	both public and privately held land that have historically demonstrated commercially viable resources.


	 



	Market Opportunity



	 


	We believe that there is a significant opportunity
	within the precious and non-precious mineral exploration and development industry. While other companies may have significantly
	more resources and currently identified viable resources, we believe the continued global demand for mining based commodities and
	market prices for both precious and non-precious minerals allows us to identify, obtain, and potentially develop commercially viable
	resources. In this regard, we may seek partner with or acquire other companies to achieve our development goals.


	 



	Our Key Competitive Strengths



	 


	We believe that the following competitive strengths
	enable us to compete effectively and to capitalize on the growth of the market that includes our products:


	 







	·




	Commodity prices for both precious and
	non-precious minerals remain strong with no material signs of global demand deterioration.










	·




	We have informal relationships with industry
	experts with significant experience in identifying and preliminarily exploring properties within the United States.










	·




	We have not entered into material obligations
	to make expenditures on properties that may not contain commercially viable resources.










	·




	We believe we have access to capital markets
	not readily available to other entities within our industry, however, we have not entered into any formal arrangements to obtain
	the capital necessary to develop any mineral properties.





	 






	 



	2



	 






	 



	 



	Our Growth Strategy



	 


	We are committed to the identification, exploration,
	and development of commercially viable precious and non-precious mineral properties. We are not seeking short-term returns, rather
	we are focused on long-term development and production opportunities expected to be achieved through joint ventures or other business
	combination activities, although we have not entered into any such arrangements.


	 



	Principal Executive Offices



	 


	Our headquarters is located in Incline Village,
	Nevada, where we maintain our corporate and administrative offices on a short-term lease basis.  Our telephone number
	is (775) 298-2846.  We maintain a website at

	www.highdesertholdingcorp.com

	, which contains information about
	our Company, but that information is not part of this prospectus.


	 


	We believe our headquarters is strategically
	located within the State of Nevada, a historically prosperous mineral exploration, development, and extractive area within the
	Western United States.



	 





	The Offering



	 


	This prospectus relates to an aggregate of
	3,500,000 shares of common stock of High Desert Holding Corp. that may be offered for sale by the persons named in this prospectus
	under the heading “Selling Stockholders.” The selling stockholders will be primarily stockholders and other third party
	investors who acquired shares in private placements of our common stock or in connection with providing services to the Company
	as officers, directors, employees and consultants. We have no contractual obligation to register any of the shares offered
	hereunder.


	 


	Additionally, this prospectus relates to
	the issuance and sale of up to 6,500,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of High Desert Holding Corp. at $0.20
	per share.


	 


	We appreciate the support of our investors,
	and would like to do our part as a socially responsible company to help create potential liquidity opportunities for our investors
	in the future. We believe that the registration of shares hereunder will be of benefit to, and appreciated by, our investors
	and employees.


	 





	Offering Summary



	 





	Common Stock Offered by Us




	6,500,000 shares of common stock


	 






	Common Stock Offered by


	Selling Stockholders


	 




	3,500,000 shares of common stock






	Common Stock Outstanding

	After this Offering


	 




	44,465,000 shares of common stock






	Offering Price




	The 6,500,000 new shares are offered
	at a price of $0.20 per share. The shares may be offered and sold from time to time by the selling stockholders and/or
	their registered representatives at a fixed price of $0.20 per share until the shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board,
	the OTCQX, the OTCQB, or listed on a securities exchange and thereafter at prevailing market prices or as privately negotiated,
	if applicable.




	 






	Use of Proceeds




	We may receive up to $1,300,000
	in gross proceeds from the sale of our common stock in this offering if all 6,500,000 newly issued shares are purchased
	by third party investors. We intend to use net proceeds from the sale of shares by us for working capital and other
	general corporate purposes, including the identification and exploration of mineral properties. We will not receive any
	proceeds from shares sold by the selling stockholders.


	 






	Dividend Policy




	We intend to retain all available funds and
	any future earnings, if any, for use in our business operations.  Accordingly, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
	on our common stock in the foreseeable future.


	 






	Fees and Expenses




	We will pay all expenses incident to the registration
	of such shares, except for sales commissions and other expenses of selling stockholders.


	 


	 






	 






	 



	3



	 






	 



	 







	Market Information




	Our common stock is not currently listed on
	any national securities exchange and is not quoted on any over-the-counter market. We intend to seek to identify a market maker
	to file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. for our common stock to be admitted for quotation
	on the OTC Bulletin Board after the effective date of this Registration Statement. We have not yet identified a market
	maker that has agreed to file such application. We cannot assure you that a public market for our common stock will
	develop in the future.


	 






	Risk Factors




	An investment in our common stock
	is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risk factors and other
	uncertainties described in this prospectus before purchasing our common stock. See “Risk Factors” beginning
	on page [_].


	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	 



	4



	 







	 








	RISK FACTORS



	 



	An investment in our common stock involves
	a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to other information in this prospectus,
	including the financial statements and the related notes thereto. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that are
	currently deemed to be material and specific to our Company and industry. If any of these risks actually occur, our business may
	be adversely affected, and you may lose all or part of your investment.



	 



	Risks Associated With Our Business



	 




	There may be conflicts of interest between
	our management and the non-management stockholders of the Company.





	 



	Conflicts of interest create the risk that
	management may have an incentive to act adversely to the interests of the stockholders of the Company. A conflict of interest may
	arise between our management's personal pecuniary interest and its fiduciary duty to our stockholders.


	 




	Our independent registered public accounting
	firm has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.




	 


	Based on our financial history since inception,
	our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.
	We are an exploration stage company that has not generated any revenue; specifically, the Company is proceeding with its business
	plan to identify and acquire exploratory non-precious or precious mineral properties in the Western United States. The Company
	has taken certain steps in furtherance of this business plan including soliciting geological consultants with significant exploration
	experience throughout the Western United States and North America. If we cannot obtain sufficient funding, we may have to delay
	the implementation of our business strategy.


	 




	We have limited operating history and
	face many of the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by exploration stage companies.




	 


	We are an exploration stage company, and to
	date, our efforts have been focused primarily on the development of our professional staff to identify and acquire mineral properties
	that or potentially economically viable. We have limited operating history for investors to evaluate the potential of our business
	development. We have just recently acquired properties and are in the early stages of our exploratory activities. In addition,
	we also face many of the risks and difficulties inherent in mineral exploration.


	 




	We have no proven or probable reserves
	on our leased mineral properties and we do not know if our properties contain any gold or other minerals that can be mined at a
	profit.




	 


	The leased properties on which we have the
	right to explore for gold and other minerals may not contain mineral reserves, and we do not know if any deposits of gold or other
	minerals can be mined at a profit. Whether a gold or other mineral deposit can be mined at a profit depends upon many factors.
	Some but not all of these factors include: the particular attributes of the deposit, such as size, grade and proximity to infrastructure;
	operating costs and capital expenditures required to start mining a deposit; the availability and cost of financing; the price
	of the gold or other minerals, which is highly volatile and cyclical; and government regulations, including regulations relating
	to prices, taxes, royalties, land use, importing and exporting of minerals, and environmental protection.


	 




	We are an exploration stage company and
	have only recently commenced exploration activities on our claims. We reported net losses for all periods since our inception in
	2013 through March 31, 2016 and expect to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future.




	 


	Our evaluation of our Kibby Flats and QR properties
	is primarily based on recent, minimal geological data from samples taken in 2002 or prior. Our plans for further exploration activities
	at the property and other claims are in their early stages and preliminary. Accordingly, we are not yet in a position to estimate
	expected amounts of minerals, yields, or values or evaluate the likelihood that our business will be successful. We have not earned
	any revenues from any operations. The likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties,
	complications, and delays encountered in connection with the exploration of the mineral properties and potential commencement of
	mining activities based on the conclusions reached from our exploration activities. These potential problems include, but are not
	limited to, unanticipated problems relating to exploration, costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates and the requirement
	for external funding to continue our business. Prior to completion of our exploration stage, we anticipate that we will incur increased
	operating expenses without realizing any revenues. We expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future.


	 


	We expect to require additional external financing
	to fund ongoing exploration for at least the next twelve months. If we are unable to raise external funding, and eventually generate
	significant revenues from our claims and properties, we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. We have no production
	history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and it is uncertain that we will
	generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business
	will most likely fail.


	 




	Exploring for gold and other minerals
	is inherently speculative, involves substantial expenditures, and is frequently non-productive.




	 


	Mineral exploration (currently our only business),
	and gold exploration in particular, is a business that by its nature is very speculative. We may not be able to establish mineral
	reserves on our properties or be able to mine any gold or any other minerals on a profitable basis. Few properties that are explored
	are ultimately developed into producing mines. Unusual or unexpected geological conditions, fires, flooding, explosions, cave-ins,
	landslides, and the inability to obtain suitable or adequate machinery, equipment or labor are just some of the many risks involved
	in mineral exploration programs and the subsequent development of gold deposits.


	 






	 



	5



	 






	 



	 




	The mining industry is capital intensive
	and we may be unable to raise necessary funding.




	 


	We require additional external financing to
	pursue our exploration activities at the Kibby Flats and QR properties and for any further properties we may pursue similar activities.
	We may be unable to secure additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Our inability to raise additional funds would
	prevent us from achieving our business objectives and would have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results
	of operations, and the value of our securities. If we raise additional funds by issuing additional equity or convertible debt securities,
	the ownership of existing stockholders may be diluted and the securities that we may issue in the future may have rights, preferences,
	or privileges senior to those of the current holders of our common stock. Such securities may also be issued at a discount to the
	market price of our common stock, resulting in possible further dilution to the book value per share of common stock. If we raise
	additional funds by issuing debt, we could be subject to debt covenants that could place limitations on our operations and financial
	flexibility.






	 




	We are a junior exploration company with
	no mining activities and we may never have any mining activities in the future.




	 


	Our primary business is exploring for gold
	and, to a lesser extent, other minerals. If we discover commercially exploitable gold or other deposits, we will not be able to
	make any money from mining activities unless the gold or other deposits are actually mined, or we sell our interest. Accordingly,
	we will need to seek additional capital through debt or equity financing, find some other entity to mine our properties or operate
	our facilities on our behalf, enter into joint venture or other arrangements with a third party, or sell or lease the property
	or rights to mine to third parties. Mine development projects typically require a number of years and significant expenditures
	during the development phase before production is possible. Such projects could experience unexpected problems and delays during
	development, construction, and mine start up. Mining operations in the United States are subject to many different federal, state
	and local laws and regulations, including stringent environmental, health and safety laws. If and when we assume operational responsibility
	for mining on our properties, it is possible that we will be unable to comply with current or future laws and regulations, which
	can change at any time. It is possible that changes to these laws will be adverse to any potential mining operations. Moreover,
	compliance with such laws may cause substantial delays and require capital outlays in excess of those anticipated, adversely affecting
	any potential mining operations. Our future mining operations, if any, may also be subject to liability for pollution or other
	environmental damage. It is possible that we will choose to not be insured against this risk because of high insurance costs or
	other reasons.


	 




	We have a short operating history, have
	a history of losses and may never achieve any meaningful revenue.




	 


	We acquired all of our property interests since
	May 2015, and prior to May 2015 we incurred minimal property exploration due diligence activities. Our operating history consists
	of our exploration activities. We have no income-producing activities from mining or exploration, and have a history of losses
	stemming from the acquisition of the rights to explore on our property and conducting our exploration activities. Exploring for
	gold and other minerals or resources is an inherently speculative activity and there is no assurance we will be able to develop
	an economically feasible operating plan for the Kibby Flats or QR properties. There is a strong possibility that we will not find
	any other commercially exploitable gold or other deposits on our property. Because we are an exploration company, we may never
	achieve any meaningful revenue.




	 






	We are required to make annual BLM payments
	and County filings or we will lose our rights to our property.




	 


	We are required to make annual claim maintenance
	payments to the U.S. Bureau of Land Management (“BLM”) and pay additional fees to the counties in which our mining
	claims are located in order to maintain our rights to explore and, if warranted, to develop our unpatented mining claims. If we
	fail to meet these obligations, we will lose the right to explore for gold and other minerals on our property.




	 






	Our business is subject to extensive
	environmental regulations that may make exploring, mining, or related activities prohibitively expensive, and which may change
	at any time.




	 


	All of our operations are subject to extensive
	environmental regulations that can substantially delay exploration and make exploration expensive or prohibit it altogether. We
	may be subject to potential liabilities associated with the pollution of the environment and the disposal of waste products that
	may occur as the result of exploring and other related activities. We may have to pay to remedy environmental pollution, which
	may reduce the amount of money that we have available to use for exploration or other activities, and adversely affect our financial
	position. If we are unable to fully remedy an environmental problem, we might be required to suspend operations or to enter into
	interim compliance measures pending the completion of the required remedy. If a decision is made to mine our properties and we
	retain any operational responsibility for doing so, our potential exposure for remediation may be significant, and this may have
	a material adverse effect upon our business and financial position. We have not purchased insurance for potential environmental
	risks (including potential liability for pollution or other hazards associated with the disposal of waste products from our exploration
	activities) and such insurance may not be available to us on reasonable terms or at a reasonable price. All of our exploration
	and, if warranted, development activities may be subject to regulation under one or more local, state and federal environmental
	impact analyses and public review processes. It is possible that future changes in applicable laws, regulations and permits or
	changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could have significant impact on some portion of our business, which
	may require our business to be economically re-evaluated from time to time. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risk
	that regulatory authorities may increase bonding requirements beyond our financial capability. Inasmuch as posting of bonding in
	accordance with regulatory determinations is a condition to the right to operate under all material operating permits, increases
	in bonding requirements could prevent operations even if we are in full compliance with all substantive environmental laws.


	 


	 






	 



	6



	 






	 



	 




	The government licenses and permits we
	need to explore on our property may take too long to acquire or cost too much to enable us to proceed with exploration. In the
	event that we conclude that the Kibby Flats and QR properties can be profitably mined, or discover other commercially exploitable
	deposits, we may face substantial delays and costs associated with securing the additional government licenses and permits that
	could preclude our ability to develop the mine.




	 


	Exploration activities usually require the
	granting of permits from various governmental agencies. For example, exploration drilling on unpatented mining claims requires
	a permit to be obtained from the BLM, which may take several months or longer to grant the requested permit. Depending on the size,
	location, and scope of the exploration program, additional permits may also be required before exploration activities can be undertaken.
	Prehistoric or Indian graves, threatened or endangered species, archeological sites or the possibility thereof, difficult access,
	excessive dust, and important nearby water resources may all result in the need for additional permits before exploration activities
	can commence.


	 


	As with all permitting processes, there is
	substantial uncertainty about when and if the permits will be issued. There is the risk that unexpected delays and excessive costs
	may be experienced in obtaining required permits. The needed permits may not be granted or could be challenged by third parties,
	which could result in protracted litigation that could cause substantial delays, or may be granted in an unacceptable timeframe
	or cost too much. Additionally, proposed mineral exploration and mining projects can become controversial and be opposed by nearby
	landowners and communities, which can substantially delay and interfere with the permitting process. Delays in or inability to
	obtain necessary permits would result in unanticipated costs, which may result in serious adverse effects upon our business.


	 




	The value of our property and any other
	deposits we may seek or locate is subject to volatility in the price of gold.




	 


	Our ability to obtain additional and continuing
	funding, and our profitability if and when we commence mining or sell our rights to mine, will be significantly affected by changes
	in the market price of gold and other mineral deposits. Gold and other minerals prices fluctuate widely and are affected by numerous
	factors, all of which are beyond our control. The price of gold may be influenced by:


	 







	·




	fluctuation in the supply of, demand,
	and market price for gold;










	·




	mining activities of our competitors;










	·




	sale or purchase of gold by central banks
	and for investment purposes by individuals and financial institutions;










	·




	interest rates;










	·




	currency exchange rates;










	·




	inflation or deflation;










	·




	fluctuation in the value of the United
	States dollar and other currencies;










	·




	global and regional supply and demand,
	including investment, industrial, and jewelry demand; and










	·




	political and economic conditions of major
	gold or other mineral-producing countries.





	 


	The price of gold and other minerals have fluctuated
	widely in recent years, and a decline in the price of gold or other minerals could cause a significant decrease in the value of
	our property, limit our ability to raise money, and render continued exploration and development of our property impracticable.
	If that happens, then we could lose our rights to our property or be compelled to sell some or all of these rights. Additionally,
	the future development of our mining properties beyond the exploration stage is heavily dependent upon gold prices remaining sufficiently
	high to make the development of our property economically viable.


	 




	Our mineral property claims may be challenged.
	We are not insured against any challenges, impairments, or defects to our mining claims.




	 


	Our property is comprised primarily of unpatented
	lode mining claims located and maintained in accordance with the federal General Mining Law of 1872. Unpatented lode mining claims
	are unique U.S. property interests and are generally considered to be subject to greater title risk than other real property interests
	because the validity of unpatented mining claims is often uncertain. This uncertainty arises, in part, out of the complex federal
	and state laws and regulations with which the owner of an unpatented mining claim must comply in order to locate and maintain a
	valid claim. Moreover, if we discover mineralization that is close to the claim boundaries, it is possible that some or all of
	the mineralization may occur outside the boundaries on lands that we do not control. In such a case we would not have the right
	to extract those minerals. We do not have title reports or opinions covering all of our Kibby Flats and QR properties and other
	claims. The uncertainty resulting from not having title opinions for all of our properties and claims or having detailed claim
	surveys on all of our properties leaves us exposed to potential title defects. Defending challenges to our property title would
	be costly, and may divert funds that could otherwise be used for exploration activities and other purposes.


	 






	 



	7



	 






	 



	 


	In addition, unpatented lode mining claims
	are always subject to possible challenges by third parties or contests by the federal government, which, if successful, may prevent
	us from exploiting any discovery of commercially extractable gold. Challenges to our title may increase our costs of operation
	or limit our ability to explore on certain portions of our property. We are not insured against challenges, impairments, or defects
	to our property title.


	 




	Possible amendments to the General Mining
	Law could make it more difficult or impossible for us to execute our business plan.




	 


	In recent years, the U.S. Congress has considered
	a number of proposed amendments to the General Mining Law, as well as legislation that would make comprehensive changes to the
	law. Although no such legislation has been adopted to date, there can be no assurance that such legislation will not be adopted
	in the future. If adopted, such legislation, if it includes concepts that have been part of previous legislative proposals, could,
	among other things, (i) adopt the limitation on the number of millsites that a claimant may use, discussed below, (ii) impose
	time limits on the effectiveness of plans of operation that may not coincide with mine life, (iii) impose more stringent environmental
	compliance and reclamation requirements on activities on unpatented mining claims and millsites, (iv) establish a mechanism
	that would allow states, localities and Native American tribes to petition for the withdrawal of identified tracts of federal land
	from the operation of the General Mining Law, (v) allow for administrative determinations that mining would not be allowed
	in situations where undue degradation of the federal lands in question could not be prevented, (vi) impose royalties on gold
	and other mineral production from unpatented mining claims or impose fees on production from patented mining claims, and (vii)
	impose a fee on the amount of material displaced at a mine. Further, it could have an adverse impact on earnings from our operations,
	could reduce estimates of any reserves we may establish and could curtail our future exploration and development activity on our
	unpatented claims.


	 


	In addition, a consortium of environmental
	groups has filed a lawsuit in the United District Court for the District of Columbia against the Department of the Interior, the
	Department of Agriculture, the BLM, and the USFS, asking the court to order the BLM and USFS to adopt the five-acre millsite limitation.
	That lawsuit also asks the court to order the BLM and the USFS to require mining claimants to pay fair market value for their use
	of the surface of federal lands where those claimants have not demonstrated the validity of their unpatented mining claims and
	millsites. If the plaintiffs in that lawsuit were to prevail, that could have an adverse impact on our ability to use our unpatented
	millsites for facilities ancillary to our exploration, development and mining activities, and could significantly increase the
	cost of using federal lands at our properties for such ancillary facilities.


	 




	Market forces or unforeseen developments
	may prevent us from obtaining the supplies and equipment necessary to explore for gold and other minerals.




	 


	Gold exploration and mineral exploration in
	general, is a very competitive business. Competitive demands for contractors and unforeseen shortages of supplies and/or equipment
	could result in the disruption of our planned exploration activities. Current demand for exploration drilling services, equipment,
	and supplies is robust and could result in suitable equipment and skilled manpower being unavailable at scheduled times for our
	exploration program. Fuel prices are extremely volatile as well. We will attempt to locate suitable equipment, materials, manpower,
	and fuel if sufficient funds are available. If we cannot find the equipment and supplies needed for our various exploration programs,
	we may have to suspend some or all of them until equipment, supplies, funds, and/or skilled manpower become available. Any such
	disruption in our activities may adversely affect our exploration activities and financial condition.


	 




	Our directors and executive officers
	lack significant experience or technical training in exploring for precious and base metal deposits and in developing mines.




	 


	Most of our directors and executive officers
	lack significant experience or technical training in exploring for precious and base metal deposits and in developing mines. Our
	management may not be fully aware of many of the other specific requirements related to working within this industry. Their decisions
	and choices may not take into account standard engineering or managerial approaches that mineral exploration companies commonly
	use. Consequently, our operations and ultimate financial success could suffer irreparable harm due to some of our management’s
	lack of experience in the mining industry.


	 


	 






	 



	8



	 






	 



	 




	We may not be able to maintain the infrastructure necessary
	to conduct exploration activities.




	 


	Our exploration activities depend upon adequate
	infrastructure. Reliable roads, bridges, power sources, and water supply are important factors that affect capital and operating
	costs. Unusual or infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage, government, or other interference in the maintenance or provision of
	such infrastructure could adversely affect our exploration activities and financial condition.


	 




	Our exploration activities may be adversely
	affected by the local climate or seismic events, which could prevent us from gaining access to our property year-round.




	 


	Earthquakes, heavy rains, snowstorms, and floods
	could result in serious damage to or the destruction of facilities, equipment or means of access to our properties, or may otherwise
	prevent us from conducting exploration activities on our property. There may be short periods of time when the unpaved portion
	of the access road is impassible in the event of extreme weather conditions or unusually muddy conditions. During these periods,
	it may be difficult or impossible for us to access our property, make repairs, or otherwise conduct exploration activities on them.


	 



	Risks Related to our Stockholders and Shares of Common Stock



	 




	There is currently no trading market
	for our Common Stock, and liquidity of shares of our Common Stock is limited.




	 


	Shares of our Common Stock are not registered
	under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction, and accordingly there is no public trading market for the Common
	Stock. Further, no public trading market is expected to develop until the Company obtains effectiveness of a registration statement
	under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Therefore, outstanding shares of Common Stock
	cannot be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred unless subsequently registered pursuant to, or exempt from registration
	under, the Securities Act and any other applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations. Compliance with the criteria
	for securing exemptions under federal securities laws and the securities laws of the various states is extremely complex, especially
	in respect of those exemptions affording flexibility and the elimination of trading restrictions in respect of securities received
	in exempt transactions and subsequently disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or state securities laws.


	 




	Our stock is a penny stock. Trading of
	our stock may be restricted by the Securities and Exchange Commission’s penny stock regulations which may limit an investor’s
	ability to buy and sell our stock.





	 



	Our stock is a penny stock. The Securities
	and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines “penny stock” to be any equity security that
	has a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain
	exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
	who sell to persons other than established customers and “accredited investors”. The term “accredited investor”
	refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or
	annual income exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to
	a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form
	prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market.
	The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of
	the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
	stock held in the customer’s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information,
	must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing
	before or with the customer’s confirmation.


	 


	In addition, the penny stock rules require
	that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written
	determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement
	to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary
	market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of
	broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability
	of our common stock.


	 




	We are controlled by our management and affiliates.




	 


	Our Management
	, Board, and affiliates
	beneficially own and vote approximately 35,000,000 shares of our common stock, representing approximately 92% of the shares
	outstanding prior to the completion of this offering. Consequently, management has the ability to influence
	control of the operations of the Company and, acting together, will have the ability to influence or control substantially
	all matters submitted to stockholders for approval, including:


	 







	·




	Election of our board of directors (the
	“Board of Directors”);










	·




	Removal of directors;










	·




	Amendment to the Company’s Articles
	of Incorporation or Bylaws; and










	·




	Adoption of measures that could delay
	or prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination.





	 


	 






	 



	9



	 






	 



	 


	These stockholders have complete control over
	our affairs. Accordingly, this concentration of ownership by itself may have the effect of impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover
	or other business consolidation, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for the Common Stock.


	 


	If we are successful in selling all of
	the 6,500,000 shares contained in this offering to non-affiliates; our management, Board and affiliates would beneficially own
	and vote approximately 80% of the shares outstanding subsequent to completion.


	 




	We have never paid dividends on our Common Stock.




	 


	We have never paid dividends on our Common
	Stock and do not presently intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that any funds available for payment
	of dividends will be re-invested into the Company to further its business strategy.


	 




	We have not issued Preferred Stock.




	 


	Our Articles of Incorporation authorizes the
	issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, with designations, rights and preferences determined from time to time by
	the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval,
	to issue Preferred Stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely affect the voting
	power or other rights of the holders of the Common Stock. In the event of issuance, the Preferred Stock could be utilized, under
	certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company, which is sometimes
	referred to in corporate parlance as a “poison pill”. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of
	our authorized Preferred Stock, there can be no assurance that the Company will not do so in the future. However, no Preferred
	Stock has been issued.


	 




	Offers or availability for sale of a substantial number of
	shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.




	 


	If our stockholders sell substantial amounts
	of our common stock in the public market or upon the expiration of any statutory holding period, under Rule 144, or upon the
	exercise of outstanding options or warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an “overhang” in
	anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could decline. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have
	occurred or are occurring, also could make it more difficult for us to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or
	equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.


	 




	The elimination of monetary liability against our directors,
	officers and employees under our articles of incorporation and the existence of indemnification rights to our directors, officers
	and employees may result in substantial expenditures by our Company and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers
	and employees.




	 


	Our articles of incorporation contain provisions
	which eliminate the liability of our directors for monetary damages to our Company and stockholders. Our bylaws also require us
	to indemnify our officers and directors. We may also have contractual indemnification obligations under our agreements with our
	directors, officers and employees. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in our Company incurring substantial
	expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors, officers and employees that we may be unable to
	recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage our Company from bringing a lawsuit against directors, officers
	and employees for breaches of their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders
	against our directors, officers and employees even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit our Company and
	stockholders.




	 






	Anti-takeover provisions may impede the acquisition of our
	Company.




	 


	Certain provisions of the Nevada General Corporation
	Law have anti-takeover effects and may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination. These provisions are intended
	to encourage any person interested in acquiring us to negotiate with, and to obtain the approval of, our board of directors in
	connection with such a transaction. However, certain of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of us, including an
	acquisition in which the stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. As a result, stockholders who might desire
	to participate in such a transaction may not have the opportunity to do so.


	 



	MARKET AND OTHER DATA



	 


	The industry and market data contained in this
	prospectus are based on independent industry publications, reports by market research firms or other published independent sources
	and, in each case, are believed by us to be reliable and accurate. However, industry and market data is subject to change
	and cannot always be verified with complete certainty due to limits on the availability and reliability of raw data, the voluntary
	nature of the data gathering process and other limitations and uncertainties inherent in any statistical survey. In
	addition, consumption patterns and customer preferences can and do change. The industry and market data sources upon
	which we relied are publicly available and were not prepared for our benefit or paid for by us.


	 



	 




	 







	 



	10



	 







	 






	USE OF PROCEEDS



	 


	Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten,
	best-efforts basis: no minimum number of shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per share
	is $0.20. If all of the shares of common stock contained in this offering are sold, we will raise gross proceeds of $1,300,000.
	The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming sales less than the maximum securities offered for sale by the
	Company. Each individual use of proceeds is disclosed in the order of priority in which any such proceeds will be used. The offering
	scenarios presented are for illustrative purposes only, the actual amount of proceeds, if any, may differ. There is no assurance
	that we will be successful in our efforts.


	 








	Amounts Raised as a Percentage of Total Offering




	 


	 


	100%


	 


	 


	75%


	 


	 


	50%


	 


	 


	25%


	 


	 


	10%


	 


	 


	3%


	 




	 Gross Proceeds


	 


	$


	1,300,000


	 


	 


	$


	975,000


	 


	 


	$


	650,000


	 


	 


	$


	325,000


	 


	 


	$


	130,000


	 


	 


	$


	39,000


	 




	 Registration Costs


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Net Proceeds


	 


	$


	1,290,000


	 


	 


	$


	965,000


	 


	 


	$


	640,000


	 


	 


	$


	315,000


	 


	 


	$


	120,000


	 


	 


	 


	29,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Use of Proceeds


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Professional Fees and Compliance


	 


	$


	60,000


	 


	 


	$


	60,000


	 


	 


	$


	60,000


	 


	 


	$


	60,000


	 


	 


	$


	46,000


	 


	 


	$


	24,000


	 




	 Permitting


	 


	 


	160,000


	 


	 


	 


	130,000


	 


	 


	 


	130,000


	 


	 


	 


	80,000


	 


	 


	 


	60,000


	 


	 


	 


	5,000


	 




	 Exploration


	 


	 


	425,000


	 


	 


	 


	350,000


	 


	 


	 


	350,000


	 


	 


	 


	150,000


	 


	 


	 


	14,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 Capital Expenditures


	 


	 


	100,000


	 


	 


	 


	100,000


	 


	 


	 


	25,000


	 


	 


	 


	25,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 Mineral Property Acquisitions


	 


	 


	300,000


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 Working capital reserve


	 


	 


	245,000


	 


	 


	 


	75,000


	 


	 


	 


	75,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 







	  


	The above figures represent only estimated
	costs. All proceeds will be deposited into our corporate bank account. No proceeds from this offering will be used to repay the
	founders of the Company for their investments in the Company. We anticipate that we will require a minimum funding of approximately
	$39,000 for a minimum period of one year including costs associated with this offering and maintaining a reporting status
	with the SEC. If adequate funds are not raised, we expect that our founders will invest further or loan money to the Company,
	although there are no such contractual commitments.


	 


	The effectiveness of the registration with
	respect to the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus that are being registered for the account of the selling stockholders
	named in this prospectus, we will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock offered through this prospectus by
	the selling stockholders. We will pay all of the expenses incident to the registration of the shares pursuant to this
	prospectus except for sales commissions and other expenses of selling stockholders named herein.


	 



	DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE



	 


	The offering price of the shares has been determined
	arbitrarily by us. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, earnings, or other established criteria
	for valuing a privately held company. In determining the number of shares to be offered and the offering price, we took into consideration
	our cash on hand and the amount of money we would need to implement our business plan. Accordingly, the offering price should not
	be considered an indication of the actual value of the securities.



	 





	DILUTION OF THE PRICE YOU PAY FOR YOUR SHARES



	 


	Dilution represents the difference between
	the offering price and the net tangible book value per share immediately after completion of this offering. Net tangible book value
	is the amount that results from subtracting total liabilities and intangible assets from total assets. Dilution arises mainly as
	a result of our arbitrary determination of the offering price of the shares being offered. Dilution of the value of the shares
	you purchase is also a result of the lower book value of the shares held by our existing stockholders.


	 


	Investors who purchase our common stock will
	be diluted to the extent of the difference between the public offering price per share of our common stock and the pro forma as
	adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately after this offering. Net tangible book value per share
	is determined by dividing our total tangible assets less total liabilities by the number of outstanding shares of our common stock.
	As of September 30, 2016, we had a net tangible book value of $907,709, or approximately $0.02 per share
	of common stock.


	 


	 






	 



	11



	 






	 



	 


	Dilution in net tangible book value per share
	represents the difference between the assumed offering price per share of common stock of $0.20 and the pro forma as adjusted
	net tangible book value per share of common stock immediately after the sale of the 6,500,000 shares of common stock being registered
	for resale in accordance with this Offering. Therefore, after giving effect to our assumed receipt of $1,300,000 in estimated
	net proceeds from the issuance of 6,500,000 shares of common stock under this Offering and registered in this offering (assuming
	a purchase price of $0.20 per share, 100% of the closing price of the common stock and assuming such sale was made on September
	30, 2016, and after deducting estimated offering commissions and expenses payable by us), our pro forma as adjusted net tangible
	book value as of September 30, 2016 would have been $2,207,709, or $0.05 per share. This would represent an immediate
	increase in the net tangible book value of $0.03 per share to existing shareholders attributable to this offering. The
	following table illustrates this per share dilution to new investors:


	 







	Assumed offering price per share of common stock



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	$




	0.20



	 





	Net tangible book
	value per share as of September 30, 2016



	 



	$




	0.02



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Increase in as adjusted net tangible book value per share attributable to the sale of shares under the Purchase Agreement



	 


	 



	0.03



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Pro forma net tangible book value per share after the sale of shares under the Purchase Agreement



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	0.05



	 





	Dilution per share to new investors



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	$




	0.15



	 





	 




	To the extent that we sell more or less
	than $1,300,000 worth of shares under this Offering, or to the extent that some or all sales are made at prices lower than or
	in excess of the assumed price per share of $0.20, then the dilution reflected in the table above will differ. The above table
	is based on 37,965,000 shares of our common stock outstanding as of the date of this Prospectus adjusted for the
	assumed sale of 6,500,000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $1,300,000 (at the assumed purchase price described
	above and after deducting estimated offering commissions and expenses payable by us). Assuming no adjustments in the offering
	price per share of common stock of $0.20, new investors will be diluted by $0.16 per share, $0.16 per share, and $0.17 per share
	in the event 75%, 50%, or 25% of the offering is sold, respectively. In the event we only sell 3% of our offering, resulting in
	gross proceeds of $39,000, new shareholders will be diluted by $0.18 per share.






	 


	To the extent that we issue additional shares
	of common stock in the future, there may be further dilution to investors participating in this offering. In addition, we may choose
	to raise additional capital because of market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient
	funds for our current or future operating plans. If we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt
	securities, the issuance of these securities could result in further dilution to our shareholders.


	 


	 








	 



	12



	 






	 



	 



	TERMS OF THE OFFERING



	 




	We have 37,965,000 shares of common stock
	issued and outstanding as of the date of this prospectus of which 3,500,000 of the shares will be registered. The Company is registering
	an additional 6,500,000 shares of its common stock for sale at the price of $0.20 per share for direct placement by the Company,
	i.e., without the use of a broker-dealer or other third-party statutory underwriter. There is no arrangement to address
	the possible effect of the offering on the price of the stock.


	 


	In connection with the Company’s selling
	efforts in the offering, our Chief Executive Officer will not register as a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 15 of the Exchange
	Act, but rather will rely upon the “safe harbor” provisions of SEC Rule 3a4-1, promulgated under the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Generally speaking, Rule 3a4-1 provides an exemption from the broker-dealer
	registration requirements of the Exchange Act for persons associated with an issuer that participate in an offering of the issuer’s
	securities. Our CEO is not subject to any statutory disqualification, as that term is defined in Section 3(a)(39) of the Exchange
	Act. Mr. Kersey will not be compensated in connection with his participation in the offering by the payment of commissions or other
	remuneration based either directly or indirectly on transactions in our securities. Mr. Kersey is not, nor has been within the
	past 12 months, a broker or dealer, and he is not, nor has been within the past 12 months, an associated person of a broker or
	dealer. At the end of the offering, Mr. Kersey will continue to primarily perform substantial duties for the Company or on its
	behalf otherwise than in connection with transactions in securities. Mr. Kersey will not participate in selling an offering of
	securities for any issuer more than once every 12 months other than in reliance on Exchange Act Rule 3a4-1(a)(4)(i) or (iii).


	 


	High Desert Holding Corp. will receive all
	proceeds from the sale of the 6,500,000 shares being offered. The price per share is fixed at $0.20 for the duration of this offering.
	Although our common stock is not listed on a public exchange or quoted over-the-counter, we intend to seek to have our shares
	of common stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. To be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Boarda market maker must file an application
	on our behalf to make a market for our common stock. As of the date of this Registration Statement, we have not engaged a
	market maker to file such an application. There is no guarantee that a market marker will file an application on our behalf, and
	even if an application is filed, there is no guarantee that we will be accepted for quotation. Our stock may become quoted, rather
	than traded, on the OTC Bulletin Board.


	 


	The Company’s shares may be sold to purchasers directly by and subject to the discretion of the Company. Further, the Company will not offer its shares for
	sale through underwriters, dealers, agents, or anyone who may receive compensation in the form of underwriting discounts, concessions,
	or commissions from the Company and/or the purchasers of the shares for whom they may act as agents. The shares of common stock
	sold by the Company may be occasionally sold in one or more transactions; all shares sold under this prospectus will be sold at
	a fixed price of $0.20 per share.


	 




	The Company’s management has a
	substantial network of individuals and financial institutions that has developed over the course of their many decades of participation
	in the mining and financial services industries. Many of these people are currently aware of the business operations of the Company
	and will be made aware of the effectiveness of this registration statement. In addition, the public at large is and will become
	familiar with the Company’s operational business activities in the mining industry through business relationships and operational
	press releases. These relationships, positive press, and word-of-mouth will be relied upon to attract interest in the offering.
	Accordingly, the Company expects to be solicited by prospective investors to participate in the offering.




	 


	In order to comply with the applicable securities
	laws of certain States, the securities will be offered or sold in those States only if they have been registered or qualified for
	sale or if an exemption from such registration or qualification requirement is available and with which the Company has complied.


	 


	In addition, and without limiting the foregoing,
	the Company will be subject to applicable provisions, rules and regulations under the Exchange Act with regard to security transactions
	during the period of time when this Registration Statement is effective.


	 


	Our shares of common stock are subject to the
	“penny stock” rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer
	practices in connection with transactions in "penny stocks”. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price
	of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided
	that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system).
	Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver
	a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, which specifies information about penny stocks and the nature and
	significance of risks of the penny stock market. A broker-dealer must also provide the customer with bid and offer quotations for
	the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer, and sales person in the transaction, and monthly account statements indicating
	the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that, prior to
	a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination
	that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction.
	These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for stock that becomes
	subject to those penny stock rules. If a trading market for our common stock develops, our common stock will probably become subject
	to the penny stock rules, and shareholders may have difficulty in selling their shares.


	 


	 






	 



	13



	 






	 



	 


	We will pay all expenses incidental to the
	registration of the shares, which we expect to be approximately $10,000.


	 



	Offering Period and Expiration Date



	 


	This offering will start on the date that this
	registration statement is declared effective by the SEC and continue for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days. The offering
	shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the date when the sale of all 10,000,000 shares is completed, (ii) when the Board of Directors
	decides that it is in the best interest of the Company to terminate the offering prior the completion of the sale of all 10,000,000
	shares registered under the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus is part or (iii) the 181st day after the effective
	date of this prospectus. We will not accept any money until this registration statement is declared effective by the SEC.


	 



	Procedures for Subscribing



	 


	If you decide to subscribe for any shares in
	this offering, you must


	 







	·




	execute and deliver a subscription agreement;
	and










	·




	deliver a check or certified funds to
	us for acceptance or rejection.





	 


	All checks for subscriptions must be made payable
	to “High Desert Holding Corp.” The Company will deliver stock certificates attributable to shares of common stock purchased
	directly to the purchasers within ninety (90) days of the close of the offering.


	 


	Once you submit the subscription agreement
	and it is accepted, you may not revoke or change your subscription or request a refund of monies paid. All accepted subscriptions
	are irrevocable, even if you subsequently learn information about us that you consider to be materially unfavorable.


	 



	Right to Reject Subscriptions



	 


	We have the right to accept or reject subscriptions
	in whole or in part, for any reason or for no reason. All monies from rejected subscriptions will be returned immediately by us
	to the subscriber, without interest or deductions. Subscriptions for securities will be accepted or rejected within 48 hours after
	we receive them.



	 





	MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
	OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




	 




	The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
	with our consolidated financial statements and related notes in this prospectus. In addition to historical information, this discussion
	and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ
	materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited
	to those set forth under “Risk Factors,” “Forward-Looking Statements,” and in other parts of this prospectus.



	 



	Overview



	 


	We were originally incorporated in the State
	of Nevada in August 2013. Since our inception, we have been engaged in the identification, potential acquisition, and on-going
	exploration of precious and non-precious mineral properties located in the Western United States with an initial emphasis in Nevada.
	Until May 2015, we did not have patented or unpatented mineral claims and our activities only consisted of initial discussions
	and due diligence sample testing.


	 


	In May 2015, we issued 400,000 shares of
	unregistered and restricted shares of common stock to obtain a total of ten unpatented mining claims located in Esmeralda County,
	Nevada, commonly known as “Kibby Flats Property”, for mineral exploration.


	 


	In November 2015, we issued a total of 6,000,000
	shares of unregistered and restricted shares of common stock for the acquisition of fifty (50) unpatented mining claims commonly
	referred to as the “QR Property” located in Humboldt County, Nevada along with certain exploration mining equipment.


	 


	We expect to devote the majority of the fiscal
	year ended 2016 to obtaining the various permits required to commence our exploration activities. Additionally, we will continue
	to seek acquisitions of additional mineral properties and other mining assets.


	 


	 


	 








	 



	14



	 







	 




	 








	Kibby Flats Property








	 



	The claims are
	located in the very northern part of Esmeralda County, Nevada, in section 16, T6N, R36E. The closest town with full services is
	Hawthorne, which is south of Reno on Highway 95. The property can be reached by driving south from Hawthorne on Highway 95 for
	22 miles to a turn off to the east just before the town of Mina. This improved dirt road is taken for 8 miles to Bettles Well and
	then another 4 miles to a junction at the summit, the road south is taken for another 12 miles and then an unimproved road leads
	to the claims in 1 mile. The BLM permit identification information for the voluntary 43CRF3809 Exploration Form Notice for KF #3
	is NMC #863100 and is a Lode claim with Acreage of 20.66, and is part of claims in Sections 8, 9, 15, 16 and 17 of Township 6 North,
	Range


	38 East, Mount Diablo Meridian, in the County of Esmerelda, State of Nevada, as identified
	by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management Claim Names and Serial Numbers.



	 




	The Company owns 100% of the
	ten (“10”) unpatented lode claims making up the Kibby Flats Property. The Company acquired the Kibby Flats
	Property under a fee simple title arrangement with no royalty or net smelter return obligation from production, if any. 
	The claims property information is included as Exhibit 99.1.


	 


	The Kibby Flats Property does not have
	any physical infrastructure, power, or water sources. The property is surrounded by a network of publicly accessibly roads that
	generally remain open on a year-round basis. In the event we commence development activities, we will need to determine the appropriate
	power, water, and other necessary infrastructure.


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 



	15



	 






	 



	 



	 


	 




	Land Status and Physiography





	 



	The property will be a pit operation that
	consists of 10 unpatented lode claims ( 200 acres/81 hectares) within the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management.


	 


	The area is characterized by low rolling foothills
	on the west slope of the Cedar Mountains. Outwash drainages have incised into the hills and created broad dry washes. Sand dunes
	cover a considerable amount of the surface of the low hills. Vegetation consists of scrub sage and minor grasses, which is indicative
	of the low precipitation rate and lack of water. Despite the remote location, the area has a fair network of roads and access is
	good during most of the year.


	 


	 






	 



	16



	 






	 




	 





	Previous work




	 


	There are 2 shallow shafts and several prospect
	pits aligned along the primary strike of the mineralization. These appear to have been made in the early 1900’s when prospectors
	fanned out from Tonopah looking for similar deposits. The size and extent of the old workings suggest that these were exploratory
	and little or no production was realized. Claim location notices were found with dates of 1915, 1925 and 1935, further suggesting
	that there were episodes of exploration depending on metal prices and other economic conditions that would favor development of
	these claims.


	 


	The Mickspot mine located approximately 5 miles
	to the northeast was worked for antimony during WWII. Bulldozer scrapes and drill roads were created in the early 1980’s
	as another wave of precious metals exploration swept Nevada looking for large low grade heap leach amenable deposits. It does not
	appear that any significant exploration work was done in this area.


	 




	The Company believes samples were taken
	in 2002, however, we have not performed any additional procedures to verify the validity of the data or ascertain whether the samples
	were taken in accordance with appropriate quality assurance standards including; preparation, control, chain of custody, or the
	accuracy and precision of applicable assaying.





	 





	Geology





	 



	The property is within the structural framework
	of the Walker Lane transition zone between the Sierra Nevada batholith and the Basin and Range extensional terrain. The oldest
	rocks on the property are chert and quartzites of the Triassic Excelsior Formation. They form the escarpment and steep hillsides
	of the Cedar Mountains on the eastern section of the property. Overlying the Excelsior is an extensive ash flow and rhyolite sequence
	several hundred feet thick. This is Tertiary in age and has alternating beds of welded ash flows weathered buff and purplish in
	color. There are scattered zones of intensely green colored rock within the ash flows due to high iron or chloritic content. Basalt
	flows of Pliocene or Pleistocene age outcrop as dark weathered hills in the western area of the claim block. The basalt flows were
	in turn intruded by felsic dikes and quartz veins containing mineralization.


	 


	There has been Tertiary range front faulting
	and some related faulting within the ash flow units and the mineralization may be related to shearing or faulting at depth. A significant
	Quaternary fanglomerate has developed in some drainages as outwash from periodic floods have created extensive fans from the mountains.
	The arid nature of the area and the prevailing winds has also allowed the creation of recent sand dunes covering the hillsides.


	 




	Mineralization





	 



	Mineralization is concentrated in the northern
	portion of the claim block where prospect workings have exposed a vein system striking N30-40W and dipping steeply at 70 degrees
	to the southeast. The vein system can be described as an oxidized and altered zone of between 5 to 10 feet in width that is easily
	visible due to the deep red-brown color in contrast to the gray-black host rock. It can be traced on the surface along strike for
	over 800 feet (266m). There are thin (2-4 inches) discontinuous quartz veinlets and lenses in a central zone characterized by abundant
	iron oxide and black manganese staining in the surrounding rock. The quartz itself has a green/brown coating on fracture surfaces,
	which has high lead and antimony values (XRF) and is likely bindhemite. Intense argillic alteration radiates out from this central
	zone for 2-5 feet in both directions and is characterized by local bleaching and iron oxide staining.


	 


	A small prospect 500 feet to the east of the
	main mineralized system exposes another mineralized zone that is similar in appearance and mineral content. It strikes N20E at
	a high angle and intersects the main zone near the lower shaft and continues for approximately 500 feet. The mineralization is
	similar to the main zone being anomalous in antimony, lead, and arsenic with the XRF and on outcrop stibiconite can be detected
	with stibnite visible on fresh surfaces. This vein may be an indication of an anastomising system of veins that may increase the
	possibility of increased volume of mineralized rock.


	 


	However, the Kibby Flats Property is in the
	exploration phase as no reserves, proven reserves or probable reserves have been computed for these claims.



	 





	QR Property





	 







	In November 2015, the Company acquired fifty (50) unpatented
	lode mining claims commonly referred to as the “QR Property” located in Humboldt County, Nevada. The Company acquired
	the QR Property under a fee simple title arrangement with no royalty or net smelter return obligation from production, if any.
	The claims property information is included as Exhibit 99.2.



	 









	The QR Property does not have any physical
	infrastructure, power, or water sources. The property is surrounded by a network of publicly accessibly roads that generally remain
	open on a year-round basis. In the event we commence development activities, we will need to determine the appropriate power, water,
	and other necessary infrastructure.




	 






	 



	17



	 






	 



	 




	Location





	 



	The claims are located about 25 miles
	east of Winnemucca at the northwest end of the Jackson Mountains in Humboldt County, Nevada. The closest town with full
	services is Winnemucca which is Northeast of Reno an estimated 150 miles on Interstate 80 East. The property can be reached
	by driving west from Winnemucca on Highway 95 for 22 miles to a turn off to the north on State 144. This improved dirt road
	is taken six miles to where the claims begin.


	 


	 



	 


	 


	 






	 



	18



	 






	 



	 




	Land Status and Physiography





	 



	The property will be a pit operation and consists
	of 50 unpatented lode claims (1,000 acres) within the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management.


	 


	The area is characterized by low rolling foothills
	on the northwest end of the Jackson Mountains. Outwash drainages have incised into the hills and created broad dry washes. Sand
	dunes cover a considerable amount of the surface of the lower areas. Vegetation consists of scrub sage and minor grasses which
	is indicative of the low precipitation rate and lack of water. Despite the remote location the area has a good network of roads
	and access is good during most of the year.



	 





	Previous work




	 


	There is one shallow shaft halfway up the northwest
	side of the Jackson Mountains that aligned along the primary strike of the mineralization near the fault zone. This appears to
	have been made in the early 1900’s when prospectors fanned out from Winnemucca looking for gold and silver deposits. The
	size and extent of the old workings suggest that this was exploratory and little or no production was realized. Recent exploration
	was completed by Signal Mining & Exploration by both trenching, drilling and sonic testing. The results are discussed in the
	Geology and Mineralization section below. Claim location notices were found suggesting that there were episodes of exploration
	depending on metal prices and other economic conditions that would favor development of these claims.



	 




	Geology




	 



	The property is within the structural framework
	of the Humboldt Area, more specifically the Jackson Mountains. The minerals identified on the claims was well mineralized
	with pyrite, malachite, azurite, arsenopyrite, electrum, hematite in silica, quartz stringers and narrow quartz veins. The claims
	have multiple fracture density patterns ranging from thirty to eighty-five degrees, and thrusting, rectangular fault blocks which
	are rotated one hundred eighty degrees. Local, regional, and global plate tectonic patterns that appear to control the gold-silver
	deposits indicate a south-southeasterly displacement along with a continuous extension of the same pattern of structural mineralized
	controls for at least a half mile on the claims.


	 




	Assay testing of the material occurred
	from 1987 through 2013. All trenching samples provided an average of 0.294 oz./ton based on 93 samples at the QR claims. The samples
	were taken by Mr. Bill Jerome, of Signal Exploration and Mining located in Redding, CA, and a member of our Board of Directors.
	The samples were assayed by third party labs, the validity of which will require further sampling and additional assaying. Additionally,
	the Company has obtained a sample location map identifying all the sample locations, however, we have not performed any additional
	procedures to verify the validity of the data or ascertain whether the samples were taken in accordance with appropriate quality
	assurance standards including; preparation, control, chain of custody, or the accuracy and precision of applicable assaying. See
	Exhibit 99.3 filed herewith for details concerning average computation for trenching samples.


	 


	However, the QR Property is in the exploration
	phase as no reserves, proven reserves or probable reserves have been computed for these claims.




	 






	Competition



	 


	We compete with other exploration companies
	for the acquisition of a limited number of exploration rights, many other exploration companies possess greater financial and technical
	resources than we do. The mineral exploration industry is highly fragmented, and we are a very small participant in this sector.
	Many of our competitors explore for a variety of minerals and control many different properties around the world. Many of them
	have been in business longer than we have and have established more strategic partnerships and relationships. We also
	compete with other exploration companies for the acquisition and retention of skilled technical personnel.


	 


	Our competitive position depends upon our ability
	to acquire and explore new and existing gold properties. However, there is significant competition for properties suitable
	for gold exploration. Failure to achieve and maintain a competitive position could adversely impact our ability to obtain the financing
	necessary for us to acquire gold properties. As a result, we may be unable to continue to acquire interests in attractive
	properties on terms that we consider acceptable. We will be subject to competition and other unforeseen limited sources of supplies,
	equipment, and services in the industry. If we are unsuccessful in securing the products, equipment and services we need we may
	have to suspend our exploration plans until we are able to secure them.


	 


	 






	 



	19



	 






	 



	 



	Market for Gold



	 


	In the event that gold is produced from our
	property, we believe that wholesale purchasers for the gold would be readily available. Readily available wholesale purchasers
	of gold and other precious metals exist in the United States and throughout the world. Among the largest are Handy & Harman,
	Engelhard Industries and Johnson Matthey, Ltd. Historically, these markets are liquid and volatile. Wholesale
	purchase prices for precious metals can be affected by a number of factors, all of which are beyond our control, including but
	not limited to:


	 







	·




	fluctuation in the supply of, demand,
	and market price for gold;










	·




	mining activities of our competitors;










	·




	sale or purchase of gold by central banks
	and for investment purposes by individuals and financial institutions;










	·




	interest rates;










	·




	currency exchange rates;










	·




	inflation or deflation;










	·




	fluctuation in the value of the United
	States dollar and other currencies; and










	·




	political and economic conditions of major
	gold or other mineral-producing countries.





	 


	Gold ore is typically mined and leached to
	produce pregnant solutions, which are processed through a series of steps to recover gold and produce doré. Gold doré
	is then sold to refiners and smelters for the value of the minerals that it contains, less the cost of further refining and smelting.
	Refiners and smelters then sell the gold on the open market through brokers who work for wholesalers including the major wholesalers
	listed above.



	 




	Regulation



	 


	Various levels of governmental controls and
	regulations address, among other things, the environmental impact of mineral mining and exploration operations and establish requirements
	for reclamation of mineral mining and exploration properties after exploration operations have ceased. With respect to the regulation
	of mineral mining and exploration, legislation and regulations in various jurisdictions establish performance standards, air and
	water quality emission limits and other design or operational requirements for various aspects of the operations, including health
	and safety standards. Legislation and regulations also establish requirements for reclamation and rehabilitation of mining properties
	following the cessation of operations and may require that some former mining properties be managed for long periods of time after
	mining activities have ceased.


	 


	Our exploration activities are subject to various
	levels of federal and state laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment, including requirements for closure
	and reclamation of mineral exploration properties. Some of the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water
	Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know
	Act, the Endangered Species Act, the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, the Resource
	Conservation and Recovery Act, and related state laws in Nevada. Additionally, much of our property is subject to the federal General
	Mining Law of 1872, which regulates how mining claims on federal lands are located and maintained.


	 


	The State of Nevada, where we intend to focus
	our mineral exploration efforts, requires mining projects to obtain a Nevada State Reclamation Permit pursuant to the Mined Land
	Reclamation Act (the “Nevada MLR Act”), which establishes reclamation and financial assurance requirements for all
	mining operations in the state. New and expanding facilities are required to provide a reclamation plan and financial assurance
	to ensure that the reclamation plan is implemented upon completion of operations. The Nevada MLR Act also requires reclamation
	plans and permits for exploration projects that will result in more than five acres of surface disturbance on private lands.


	 


	We will need to secure new NDEP Permits in
	order to conduct expanded exploration activities. We plan to apply for additional required permits to conduct our exploration programs
	as necessary. These permits would be obtained from either the BLM or the NDEP. Obtaining such permits will require the posting
	of financial bonds for subsequent reclamation of disturbances caused by exploration. Delays in the granting of permits or permit
	amendments are not uncommon, and any delays in the granting of permits may adversely affect our exploration activities.


	 


	Our current exploration permit costs are minimal,
	although future exploration activities may require amendments to these permits. We also anticipate that one or more Notices of
	Intent will be required from BLM for exploration drilling in the future on our unpatented mining claims. A Notice of Intent includes
	information regarding the company submitting the notice, maps of the proposed disturbance, equipment to be utilized, the general
	schedule of operations, a calculation of the total disturbance anticipated, and a detailed reclamation plan and budget. A bond
	in U.S. currency is required to ensure reclamation, and the amount is determined based on the estimated third-party costs to reclaim
	and re-vegetate the disturbed acreage. BLM approval of the Notice is not required, but the bond calculation is required to be approved
	in writing by the BLM before work can proceed. It is not necessary to file a Notice of Intent prior to work on private land. The
	Notice of Intent must be filed with the BLM for all activities involving the disturbance of five acres (two hectares) or less of
	the surface. Measurement of land disturbance is cumulative, and once five acres total has been disturbed and remains un-reclaimed
	in one project area, a Plan of Operations must be filed and approved by the BLM before additional work can take place, and a Reclamation
	Permit must be obtained from the NDEP. Both the Plan of Operations and the NDEP Reclamation Permit require a cash bond and a reclamation
	plan. Re-contouring and re-vegetation of disturbed surface areas would be completed pursuant to the applicable permits. The cost
	of reclamation work varies according to the degree of physical disturbance. It is difficult to estimate the future cost of compliance
	with environmental laws since the full nature and extent of our future activities cannot be determined at this time.



	 




	 







	 



	20



	 






	 




	 




	Results of Operations



	 




	Annual Periods Ended December 31, 2015
	and 2014




	 


	During 2014, our former sole officer, Director,
	and Shareholder was actively engaged in other business pursuits not related to the Company or directly related mining claim acquisition,
	exploration, or development. In this regard, we incurred total operating expenses associated with our annual State of Nevada regulatory
	filings of $325.




	 




	Beginning in April 2015 and in conjunction
	with the appointment of a new officer and Director in early May, we increased our overall business operations and developed our
	current business strategy to identify, acquire, explore, and if warranted, develop patented and unpatented mineral claims in the
	Western United States. In this regard, we issued our new officer and Director 10,000,000 founder’s shares and another business
	and legal consultant 10,000,000 founder’s shares at par for total recognized compensation of $20,000.


	 


	During the year ended December 31, 2015 we
	incurred total operating expenses of $46,503. In expanding our operations, we obtained an executive office for our sole officer
	located in Incline Village, Nevada. As a result of this initial expansion, we incurred office set up, rent, and related utilities
	and supplies expenses totaling $14,859. In attracting our new officer and business consultant, we recognized $20,000 of additional
	administrative costs associated with issuing these individuals a total of 20,000,000 founder’s shares. In addition, we changed
	our name from Andekael Development Corporation to High Desert Holding Corp. and incurred State regulatory filing fees totaling
	$1,055. Additionally, we incurred total costs of $3,500 for the engagement of our auditor to perform the necessary financial statements
	audits and reviews. We incurred a total $3,733 in travel and related costs associated with the identification of our Kibby Flats
	and QR properties and performing other due diligence to identify potential future acquisitions. We expect our general and administrative
	costs to increase for at least the next twelve months as we continue to pursue planned business growth and as funding permits.


	 


	We incurred a total of $1,630 of mining claim
	and permit application fees with the Bureau of Land Management and Esmerelda County, Nevada to further explore our Kibby Flats
	property. We expect these exploration costs to increase for at least the next twelve months as we expand our exploration activities
	at the Kibby Flats and QR properties.


	 




	For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
	2016 and 2015






	 






	 




	We have not generated any revenues from
	business activities and currently do not expect to do so for at least the next twelve months.


	 


	During the three months ended September
	30, 2016, we incurred exploration and development costs of $9,300 associated with the renewal of our QR Property
	lode claims. In addition to the renewal costs, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we engaged a mining
	exploration consultant via the issuance of 350,000 shares of restricted and unregistered shares of common stock for total consideration
	of $45,000. The increase compared to the prior periods in 2015 was the result of not conducting material exploration activities
	on our mineral properties until 2016.


	 


	For the nine months ended September
	30, 2016, our general and administrative fees increased from $37,364 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, to $59,148.
	The similar increase in general and administrative costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 to $22,330, from $4,508
	for the three months ended September 30, 2015, was a result of increases in our business activities. Our increased business activities
	resulted in higher legal, auditing, and other regulatory fees associated with making required public company filings.


	 


	As we pursue the exploration of our currently
	held Mineral properties, and consider the acquisition of additional similar properties, we expect our operating costs to increase
	for at least the next twelve months. We anticipate most of these costs, and corresponding increases, will be incurred for permitting,
	exploration and environmental remediation, and travel; as well as applicable supporting administrative costs.




	 






	Liquidity and Capital Resources



	 




	As of September 30, 2016,
	the Company had $63 in cash and total current liabilities of $72,354, primarily comprised of a short-term loans
	and other advances from a significant shareholder totaling $22,851, accrued quarterly director fees of $30,000, and
	incurrence of professional and facilities fees. The shareholder providing the loan and other operating advances
	has informally agreed to defer payment of the note until the Company’s financial resources become sufficient to meet its
	on-going business plans, however, the shareholder can still demand payment at any time in the future.




	 


	 


	 






	 



	21



	 






	 



	 


	The current available capital reserves of the
	Company are not sufficient for the Company to remain operational. We require the funding from this offering to implement our business
	plan. Since inception, we have sold 140,000 shares of restricted and unregistered shares of common stock in private placements
	for aggregate cash proceeds of $18,000.


	 


	To achieve our business goals, we are attempting
	to raise money from this offering. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to sell all the shares required. If we are successful,
	any money raised will be applied to the items set forth in the Use of Proceeds section of this prospectus. We will attempt to raise
	the necessary funds to proceed with all phases of our plan of operation.


	 


	Our auditors have issued a “going concern”
	opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless
	we obtain additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until we have completed the financing from this offering
	and implemented our plan of operations. Our only source for cash at this time is investments by others in this offering and short-term
	cash advances from our sole officer and other affiliates, who have no obligations to do so. We must raise cash to implement our
	strategy and stay in business. If our estimated minimum of 3% of shares is sold for the gross proceeds of $39,000 it will
	likely allow us to operate for at least one year and have the capital resources required to cover the material costs with becoming
	a publicly reporting company. The company anticipates over the next 12 months the cost of being a reporting public company will
	be approximately $24,000. Unless we acquire other operating assets, we do not believe that we will generate enough revenue to
	cover costs associated with being a publicly reporting company in the first 12 months.


	 


	We have achieved success in using shares of
	our restricted and unregistered shares of common stock in making capital asset acquisitions including mining equipment and mineral
	properties. We expect to continue to issues shares for certain future capital acquisitions and to compensate certain officers,
	directors, and other consultants, however, there is no guarantee we will be able to do so at terms favorable to our operating plans
	or at all.


	 



	Plan of Operations




	 



	In late 2015 we began acquiring mining equipment
	for the use in the exploration and development of our mineral properties. With this equipment, we expect to able to conduct various
	exploration activities on our mineral properties subsequent to receiving all federal, state, and local government permits required
	to do so. We expect to initially focus our efforts on the exploration of the QR Property, correspondingly and unless otherwise
	noted, the following discussion relates solely to this property and Kibby Flats.


	 




	In the second quarter of 2016, we obtained
	a minor exploration permit with the Bureau of Land Management (“BLM”) in order to commence a drilling program on the
	QR Property in Humboldt County, Nevada. Upon receipt of adequate funding, we will make the required bond payment
	to the Nevada Division of Environmental Protection (“NDEP”) allowing us to begin preliminary drilling, trenching and
	other ground disturbing activities. If adequate funding is obtained, we expect to post the bond prior to the year ended December
	31, 2016 and begin preliminary exploration activities in the spring of 2017, weather permitting.




	 


	The drilling equipment owned by the company
	will be used to drill samples of different areas where our out-sourced mining and geology consultants will determine the areas
	with the highest potential for the achievement of successful mining. Additionally, trenching may be completed where up to 100 tons
	of ore can be removed for testing as part of the exploration permit.


	 


	In the third quarter of 2016, we plan to begin
	additional BLM permitting activities through the engagement of a professional environmental consulting firm to provide guidance
	on environmental impact issues for endangered species and American Indian historical concerns.


	 


	During 2016 and 2017, the mining equipment
	we acquired will be assessed to determine the actual need for the equipment in the exploration and mining process. Outside contracting
	work for the mining equipment would be strongly considered that may allow for us to off-set the cost of some of our exploration
	activities. Additional mining equipment may be acquired which would assist in future mining and exploration.


	 



	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements



	 


	We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.


	 



	Critical Accounting Estimates




	 



	The SEC has requested that all registrants
	address their most critical accounting policies. The SEC has indicated that a “critical accounting policy” is
	one which is both important to the representation of the registrant’s financial condition and results and requires management’s
	most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that
	are inherently uncertain. We base our estimates on past experience and on various other assumptions our management believes
	to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets
	and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results will differ, and may differ materially from
	these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Additionally, changes in accounting estimates could occur in the future
	from period to period. The following paragraphs identify our most critical accounting policies:




	 






	 








	 



	22



	 






	 





	 






	Stock Based Payments




	 


	We have on occasion issued equity instruments
	to employees and non-employees in lieu of cash for the receipt of goods and services and, in certain circumstances the settlement
	of short-term loan arrangements. The applicable GAAP establishes that share-based payment transactions with non-employees shall
	be measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more
	reliably measurable.


	 


	In these transactions, the Company issues unregistered
	and restricted equity instruments.


	 


	In situations in which we issue unregistered
	restricted common shares in exchange for goods and services, and the value of the goods and services are not the most reliably
	measurable, we recognize the fair value of the unregistered restricted equity instruments based on the value of similar instruments
	issued in private placements in exchange for cash in the most recent transactions (a Level 2 input within the GAAP hierarchy).
	The Company has determined this methodology reflects the risk adjusted fair value of our unregistered restricted equity instruments
	using a commercially reasonable valuation technique within the most active market.



	 





	Employees



	 


	As of the date of this report, we have one
	full-time employee consisting of our sole officer, Mr. Mark Kersey.  We believe Mr. Kersey is sufficient to support our
	current level of activity. We do not have a formal employment agreement with Mr. Kersey who has informally agreed to defer the
	receipt of any cash compensation; however, he has no obligation remain employed under this arrangement. As we expand our exploration
	and other potential business operations, we will likely be required to increase our number of employees.


	 



	DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES



	 


	See Kibby Flats and the QR properties information
	above. We currently lease our corporate office located at 865 Tahoe Boulevard Suite 302, Incline Village, Nevada 89451 that expired
	in April 2016. The lease is currently renewed on a month to month basis.



	 





	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS



	 


	There are presently no material pending legal
	proceedings to which we are a party or as to which any of our property is subject, and no such proceedings are known to us to be
	threatened or contemplated against us.




	 





	MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK AND OTHER RELATED
	STOCKHOLDER MATTERS



	 


	(a) Market Information.


	 


	Our common stock is not trading or quoted on
	any stock exchange. There is no established public trading market for our common stock.   Further, there has been
	no market activity since inception through the date of this prospectus.  


	 


	(b) Holders.


	 




	As of November 25, 2016, there
	were 32 holders of record of our common stock with an aggregate of 37,965,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.


	 


	(c) Dividends.


	 


	We have not paid any cash dividends to date
	and do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize
	all available funds for the on-going exploration and other operating activities of the Company.


	 


	(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance under
	Equity Compensation Plans.


	 


	We do not have any compensation plan under
	which equity securities are authorized for issuance.


	 


	 






	 



	23



	 






	 



	 





	MANAGEMENT



	 





	Name



	 



	Age



	 



	Position






	Mark A. Kersey



	 



	59



	 



	Principal Executive and Financial Officer, CEO, Chairman & Director






	 



	Mark A. Kersey,

	In May 2015, Mr. Kersey
	was elected Director, CEO (Principal Executive and Accounting Officer) of High Desert Mining Corp., a Nevada Corporation. Prior
	to this time, Mr. Kersey served as Director, CEO and President of United Resource Holdings Group, Inc., a gold and silver mining
	exploration and milling company located in Nevada, from December of 2006 through December of 2014. Mr. Kersey began in the
	business sector in 1982 and has more than thirty-five (35) years of experience as a business and financial professional. 
	His prior experience includes: (i) Real Estate specialist with Merrill Lynch; (ii) Vice President and Trust Officer with Texas
	Commerce Bank, N.A ; (iii) Senior Executive with George S. May International Company; (iv) Director of Management Services with
	Smith-Laurin Group; (v) Director, President and Chief Executive Officer with Noble Technologies Corp.; (vi) (2006-2014) United
	Resource Holdings Group, Inc. as Director, CEO and President; and currently (vii) (2015-current) High Desert Holding Corp. as
	Director, CEO and President. Mr. Kersey holds a B.S.B.A. in Finance from the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville.


	 


	Mr. Kersey’s experience in corporate
	compliance, mining construction, mining permitting and overall business involvement has given him the experience to provide a wide
	array of skills necessary in the public company sector. His experience with accountants, auditors, mining regulators are expected
	to add value to furtherance of the Company as a whole. The Company believes the contacts obtained; along with the hands on experience
	in heading up several mining corporations, will be of significant benefit.


	 





	Name



	 



	Age



	 



	Position






	William E. Jerome



	 



	82



	 



	Director






	 




	William E. Jerome

	In December of 2015, Mr. Jerome was elected Director of High Desert Mining Corp, a Nevada Corporation, where he is using his
	business experience and wisdom on the Board of Directors. Beginning in early 2010, through the present, Mr. Jerome founded
	and is currently serving as President of Signal Mining & Exploration Co. LLC, a mining exploration and drilling firm. After
	graduation from High School and some college courses in business law and radio electronic classes, Mr. Jerome began his mining
	career in 1974 and has experience as a R/D in magnetic geology, in Nevada and Australia, and as an exploration miner and mine
	owner. His prior experience includes: (i) Subcontracting work with major mines; (ii) Mr. Jerome has over thirty-five years of
	experience in gold mining; and (iii) as a business owner multiple times. Mr. Jerome served as a communications operator in the
	Army reserves through the early 1960’s.


	 


	Mr. Jerome’s
	over 40 years’ experience in mining, electronics, geology, business law, finance and overall business involvement
	has given him the experience to provide a wide array of skills necessary to server within a public company. The Company believes
	the contacts made and the experience received from directing successful mining and exploration companies will provide valuable
	wisdom and experience as a Director.


	 





	Name



	 



	Age



	 



	Position






	Howard J. Dean



	 



	71



	 



	Director





	 


	Howard J. Dean

	In
	December of 2015, Mr. Dean was elected Director of the Company. In December 2014, Mr. Dean founded and serves as
	President of HD Funding Solutions, a Financial and Business Consulting Firm through the present. Prior to founding HD
	Funding Solutions, in 2010, Mr. Dean founded Collin County Business 2 Business, and remains president through the present. Collin
	County Business 2 Business provides management consulting services to small to mid-size privately held companies. From 2006 through
	2010,

	Mr. Dean served as Vice President Sales & Marketing/Partner of TS Printing Company. Mr. Dean began his career
	in 1970 and has more than forty years (40) as a senior executive and sales & marketing professional. His prior experience
	includes: (i) Business Forms Printing with Johnston Business Forms; (ii) Vice President Sales & Marketing with Raytheon Data
	Systems; and (iii) Director of Sales, Recruiting & Training with Smith-Laurin Group. Mr. Dean holds a B.S.B.A. in Marketing
	from Youngstown State University.


	 


	Mr. Dean’s experience in sales, marketing,
	consulting and finance and overall business involvement has given him the experience to provide a wide array of skills necessary
	in the public company sector. The Company believes the contacts and the experience directing successful sales and marketing will
	be a significant benefit.



	 




	Marty Weigel

	,

	CPA (Age 42)

	In
	September 2011 Mr. Weigel founded and currently serves as the President of Ingenium Accounting Associates, a PCAOB registered
	accounting Firm providing accounting and auditing services to small publicly traded companies. Prior to launching Ingenium, Mr.
	Weigel served as an assurance partner with the accounting firm Mark Bailey & Company, Ltd. which he joined in 2004. In his
	accounting Firm roles Mr. Weigel focuses on providing accounting and attestation services for both publicly and privately held
	companies in a wide range of industries.  Mr. Weigel began his career as a Financial Advisor with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter
	in late 1998 until he joined the public accounting firm Thomas Havey, LLP in 2000. From 2000-2002 Mr. Weigel held staff accounting
	positions in the San Ramon, California office of the regional public accounting firm Thomas Havey, LLP. From 2002-2004 Mr. Weigel
	held staff and senior accountant positions in the Reno office of the regional public accounting firm Kafoury, Armstrong &
	Company. Mr. Weigel is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in the State of Nevada and holds a Bachelor of Science degree from
	the University of Nevada.


	 


	 






	 



	24



	 






	 



	 


	Mr. Weigel’s experience in identifying
	and conducting reverse mergers and other transactions has been gained through his involvement as an independent auditor and consultant
	to a wide array of companies entering into similar transactions. The Company believes the contacts obtained along with the experience
	in analyzing and accounting for these transactions is significantly beneficial. Mr. Weigel also previously served as sole officer
	and Director of Shang Hide Consultants, Ltd. from May 5, 2010 to December 27, 2011; and sole officer and Director of Kaeland
	Resources from September 24, 2012 to May 12, 2015. Mr. Weigel served as the Sole Officer and Director of High Desert Holdings from
	inception in August 2013 through his resignation on May 5, 2015.


	 


	The term of office of each director expires
	at our annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Directors are not compensated for
	serving as such. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.


	 



	Family Relationships



	 


	There are no familial relationships among any
	of our executive officers and directors.


	 



	Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
	Compliance



	 


	The Company is not aware of any reporting person
	that failed to file on a timely basis, reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during the most recent fiscal year.


	 



	Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings



	 


	No director, person nominated to become a director,
	executive officer, promoter, or control person of our company has, during the last ten years: (i) been convicted in or is currently
	subject to a pending a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (ii) been a party to a civil
	proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction and as a result of such proceeding was or is subject
	to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting or mandating activities subject to any federal
	or state securities or banking or commodities laws including, without limitation, in any way limiting involvement in any business
	activity, or finding any violation with respect to such law, nor (iii) had any bankruptcy petition been filed by or against any
	business of which such person was an executive officer or a general partner, whether at the time of the bankruptcy or for the two
	years prior thereto.



	 





	EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION



	 


	 




	The Company's sole officer, Mr. Kersey,
	does not have a salary for his service in this capacity. Upon his appointment, as sole officer and a Director in May 2015,
	he was awarded 10,000,000 founders’ shares. Mr. Kersey will not receive a salary until we expand our operations
	and generate the necessary cash flow from either operations or other adequate funding sources.


	 


	The following table presents our executive
	compensation for the period ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015:


	 









	Name and Principal Position




	 




	Year




	 




	 





	Salary




	($) 





	 




	 





	Stock
	Awards




	($)





	 




	 





	Option
	Awards




	($)





	 




	 





	Non-Equity
	Incentive Plan Compensation




	($)





	 




	 




	All Other Compensation




	 




	 





	Total




	($)




	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Mark Kersey


	 


	 


	2016



	(1)



	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	3,214


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	13,214


	 




	Chief Executive Officer


	 


	 


	2015



	(2)




	 



	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 





	 






	(1)


	Mr. Kersey’s compensation through the period ended September 30, 2016 consisted of
	25,000 shares of unregistered and restricted common stock for Director compensation for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. The
	Other Compensation represented total accrued, and unpaid, Director compensation of $10,000 ($5,000 per quarter for each period
	ended June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016). Mr. Kersey is entitled to receive Director compensation of 25,000 shares of unregistered
	and restricted share of common stock or $5,000 in cash, at the discretion of the Board.




	 






	(2)


	Mr. Kersey’s compensation for 2015 represents 10,000,000 founders’ share awarded
	upon his appointment as Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer and Director in May 2015.




	 


	 


	 








	 



	25



	 







	 




	 


	No retirement, pension, profit sharing,
	stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by the Company for the benefit of its employees.


	 


	The Company does not have a standing compensation
	committee or a committee performing similar functions.



	 





	Directors' Compensation



	 




	In January 2016, each member of our Board
	of Directors received 25,000 fully vested, restricted and unregistered shares of common stock for their service for the quarter
	ended March 31, 2016. The Board has implemented a policy to receive either $5,000 per quarter of Service or 25,000
	shares of unregistered and restricted common stock, at the Board’s discretion.


	 


	The
	following table presents our Directors’compensation for the period ended September 30, 2016:




	 


	 









	Name




	 





	Fees
	Earned or Paid in Cash




	($)





	 




	 





	Stock
	Awards




	($)
	(1)





	 




	 





	Option
	Awards




	($)
	(1)




	 




	William E. Jerome


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	3,214



	(1)



	 


	 


	 


	 




	Howard J. Dean


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	3,214



	(1)



	 


	 


	 


	 





	 



	NOTE: 

	The Company
	did not compensate its Board of Directors for the year ended December 31, 2015. See the Executive Compensation table for
	Mr. Kersey’s compensation as a Director.


	 








	(1)


	Represents the issuance of 25,000 shares of unregistered and restricted common stock for Board
	services for the period ended March 31, 2016.




	 


	We also reimburse our Directors
	for their cost of travel and other out-of-pocket costs incurred to attend Board meetings or other activities on behalf of the Company.





	 





	CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
	AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE



	 



	Board of Directors



	 


	Our Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors
	shall consist of one or more members, but not more than nine, with the exact number to be fixed by our shareholders or our Board
	of Directors. Each director serves for a term that expires at the next regular meeting of the shareholders or until his successor
	is elected and qualified. We currently have three directors; Mark A. Kersey our Principal Executive and Financial Officer; Mr.
	Howard Dean; and Mr. William Jerome. Our Directors were chosen to serve on the Board based upon the specific experiences and qualification
	discussed in the respective professional biography set forth above.


	 


	We do not presently have a separately constituted
	audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or any other committees of our Board of Directors.
	We do not have an audit committee “financial expert.” Our entire Board of Directors acts as our audit committee and
	handles matters related to compensation and nominations of directors.


	 


	Since we do not have an audit or compensation
	committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by
	our Directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our Directors and officers have the authority to determine
	issues concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other
	conflicts of interest with any of our executives or directors.


	 



	Director Independence



	 


	We are not subject to listing requirements
	of any national securities exchange or national securities association and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have
	our Board comprised of a majority of “independent directors.” In accordance with Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K of the
	Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Board has adopted the definition of “independent director”
	and “independence standards” for audit, compensation and nominating committees set forth in the American Stock Exchange,
	or AMEX, Company Guide. In applying this definition, the Board has determined that none of our directors currently meet the definition
	of “independent” as within the meaning of such rules, even though such definitions do not currently apply to us because
	we are not listed on AMEX.


	 


	 


	 








	 



	26



	 







	 




	 





	Stockholder Communications with the Board



	 


	We have not implemented a formal policy or
	procedure by which our stockholders can communicate directly with our Board of Directors. Nevertheless, every effort has been made
	to ensure that the views of stockholders are heard by the Board of Directors or individual directors, as applicable, and that appropriate
	responses are provided to stockholders in a timely manner. We believe that we are responsive to stockholder communications, and
	therefore have not considered it necessary to adopt a formal process for stockholder communications with our Board. Our Board continually
	monitors the appropriateness of adopting additional processes.



	 




	Code of Ethics



	 


	We have adopted a Code of Ethics within the
	meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Code of Ethics applies to directors and senior
	officers, such as the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, controller, and persons performing similar functions.




	 






	Related Transactions




	 







	Mark A. Kersey, Martin F. Weigel, and
	Patrick E. Ogle are the sole founding shareholders of the Company and meet the definition of the term “promoter” as
	defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Item 404(c).







	 



	In August 2013 our founder, former officer
	and director, and significant shareholder, Marty Weigel, loaned us $9,000 to fund the start-up of our initial operations. Mr.
	Weigel has agreed to not accrue interest on the loan and has informally agreed to defer re-payment of the loan until such time
	as we have acquired a more stable source of funding. While Mr. Weigel has agreed to not demand payment until adequate funding
	is received, he does not have any formal obligation to do.




	 


	As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 we owed Ingenium
	Accounting Associates, an accounting Firm controlled by Marty Weigel, $725 and $400, respectively, related to payments made on
	our behalf to maintain our regulatory filings with the State of Nevada. In May 2015, we paid Ingenium Accounting Associates $1,635
	to settle the outstanding obligation as of December 31, 2014 as well as additional administrative expenses paid by Ingenium on
	our behalf through April 2015.


	 




	In 2016, and through the date of this
	report, Ingenium paid operating expenses on behalf of the Company totaling $14,300, which is currently outstanding. Mr. Weigel
	(as President of Ingenium) has agreed to has informally agreed to defer re-payment of the advances until such time as we have acquired
	a more stable source of funding. While Mr. Weigel has agreed to not demand payment until adequate funding is received, he does
	not have any formal obligation to do.




	 


	As of September 30, 2016, we owed Mr.
	Kersey $9,966 for administrative and travel expenses paid on our behalf. Mr. Kersey has agreed to defer repayment of these expenses
	until the Company’s cash resources significantly increase. While Mr. Kersey has agreed to not demand payment until adequate
	funding is received, he does not have any formal obligation to do.


	 


	We have not entered into any formal agreement
	with Mr. Weigel and Mr. Kersey to pay the obligations due them with any applicable proceeds from this offering, as of the date
	of this filing. Neither Mr. Kersey nor Mr. Weigel has made any demand to be repaid associated with this offering.


	 


	In November 2015, we acquired the QR Property,
	consisting of fifty (50) unpatented mining claims and mining equipment with a total estimated fair value of $771,429 via the
	issuance of 6,000,000 shares of restricted and unregistered shares of common stock from Signal Mining and Exploration LLC, an
	entity controlled by Mr. William Jerome. Subsequent to the closing of the acquisition transaction, Mr. Jerome was elected to our
	Board of Directors.


	 


	 








	 



	27



	 







	 



	 


	 





	SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
	OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT



	 


	The following table sets forth, as of September
	30, 2016, which we refer to as the “Record Date,” information with respect to the securities holdings of all persons
	that we, pursuant to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our stock transfer records, have reason to believe
	may be deemed the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of our common stock. The following table also sets forth, as
	of such date, the beneficial ownership of our common stock by all of our current named executive officers and directors, both
	individually and as a group.


	 


	The beneficial owners and amount of securities
	beneficially owned have been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, which generally means that a person
	has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security, including
	options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date. Unless otherwise indicated,
	each person or entity named below has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned by that person
	or entity, subject to the matters set forth in the footnotes to the table below. Unless otherwise noted below, the address for
	each of the stockholders in the table below is c/o High Desert Holding Corp.


	 








	 


	 


	Shares Beneficially

	Owned


	(1)




	 


	 


	Percentage

	Ownership


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Name and Address of Affiliate



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	Marty Weigel (2)




	865 Tahoe Boulevard, Suite 302




	Incline Village, NV 89451




	 


	 


	10,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	26.34%


	 




	Patrick Ogle

	(6)


	865 Tahoe Boulevard, Suite 302

	Incline Village, NV 89451


	 


	 


	10,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	26.34%


	 





	Mark Kersey

	(3)



	865

	Tahoe Boulevard, Suite 302




	 Incline Village, NV 89451




	 


	 


	8,875,000


	 


	 


	 


	23.38%


	 




	William Jerome

	865 Tahoe Boulevard, Suite 302

	Incline Village, NV 89451


	 


	 


	6,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	15.80%


	 




	Howard Dean

	865 Tahoe Boulevard, Suite 302

	 Incline Village, NV 89451


	 


	 


	125,000


	 


	 


	 


	0.33%


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Officers, Directors, and Affiliates


	 


	 


	35,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	92.19%


	 





	 


	 




	(1)




	Based on aggregate
	shares outstanding at June 30, 2016 of 37,965,000






	(2)




	Mr. Weigel served as our Founder, and Sole Officer and Director from inception in
	August 2013 until his resignation on May 5, 2015.






	(3)




	Mr. Kersey was appointed Principal Executive and Financial Officer and Director on
	May 5, 2015






	(4)




	Mr. Jerome was elected to serve as a Director on December 29, 2015.






	(5)




	Mr. Dean was elected to serve as a Director on December 29, 2015.




	(6)


	 


	Mr. Ogle serves as counsel for the Company
	beginning in May 2015.






	 






	 



	28



	 







	 



	 





	SELLING STOCKHOLDERS



	 


	This prospectus relates to the resale by the
	selling stockholders named below from time to time of up to a total of 3,500,000 shares of our common stock that were issued to
	the selling stockholders pursuant to transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act. All of the common stock offered
	by this prospectus is being offered by the selling stockholders and is being offered for their own accounts.


	 



	Issuances of Securities being Offered



	 


	A description of each transaction in which
	common stock being offered in this offering was sold to the selling stockholders is set forth below.


	 



	Issuance to Founders



	 


	For the period from inception on August
	29, 2013 through May 5, 2015, the Company offered and sold an aggregate of 30,000,000 shares of Common Stock to its founding
	three investors for an aggregate purchase price equal to $30,000, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the stock
	purchase agreement (“Common Stock Purchase Agreement”). The Company sold the shares of Common Stock under the
	exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. A form of
	the Common Stock Purchase Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1. Neither the Registrant nor any person acting on its
	behalf offered or sold the securities by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising.


	 



	Private Placement Transactions



	 


	Each of the investors in the foregoing private
	placements is a U.S. person having sufficient knowledge in business and financial matters to be capable of evaluating the merits
	and risks of the transaction. The transactions were exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, based
	upon Section 4(2) for transactions by the issuer not involving any public offering and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.
	There was no underwriter, no underwriting discounts or commissions, no general solicitation, no advertisement, and resale restrictions
	were imposed by placing restrictive legends on the certificates.


	 



	Selling Stockholders



	 


	The following table sets forth certain information
	regarding the selling stockholders and the shares offered by them in this prospectus.  Except as specifically set forth
	in the footnotes to the table, none of the selling stockholders has held a position as an officer or director of the Company, nor
	has any selling stockholder had any material relationship of any kind with us or any of our affiliates, other than as an employee,
	as set forth in the footnotes to the table.  All information with respect to share ownership has been furnished by the
	selling stockholders. The shares being offered are being registered to permit public resale of the shares and each selling
	stockholder may offer all or part of the shares owned for resale from time to time.  In addition, none of the selling
	stockholders has any family relationships with our officers, directors or controlling stockholders, except as indicated in the
	footnotes to the table.


	 


	For additional information regarding our capitalization,
	including shares held by officers, directors and 5% holders, refer to “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
	Management” above.


	 


	The term “selling stockholders”
	also includes any transferees, pledges, donees, or other successors in interest to the selling stockholders named in the table
	below. To our knowledge, subject to applicable community property laws, each person named in the table has sole voting
	and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock set forth opposite such person’s name. We will
	file a supplement to this prospectus to name successors to any named selling stockholders who are able to use this prospectus to
	resell the securities registered hereby.


	 


	We will receive no proceeds from the sale of
	the registered shares by the following selling stockholders.  We have agreed to bear the expenses of registration of
	the shares, other than commissions and discounts of agents or broker-dealers and transfer taxes, if any. We have no contractual
	obligations to provide any of our shareholders with registration of their shares.


	 


	 






	 



	29



	 






	 



	 








	Name of Selling Stockholder


	(1)




	 


	Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Prior to Offering


	(2)




	 


	 


	Total Number of Shares to be Offered for Selling Stockholders Account


	 


	 


	Total Shares to be Owned and Percent of Total Outstanding After Completion of this Offering


	(2), (3)




	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Marty Weigel


	(4)




	 


	 


	10,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	400,000


	 


	 


	 


	9,600,000


	 


	 


	 


	21.26%


	 




	Patrick Ogle

	(13

	)


	 


	 


	10,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	400,000


	 


	 


	 


	9,600,000


	 


	 


	 


	21.26%


	 




	Mark Kersey


	(5)




	 


	 


	9,035,833


	 


	 


	 


	240,007


	 


	 


	 


	8,795,833


	 


	 


	 


	19.47%


	 




	Signal Mining and Exploration Co.  LLC


	(6)




	 


	 


	2,940,000


	 


	 


	 


	500,000


	 


	 


	 


	2,440,000


	 


	 


	 


	5.40%


	 




	Geodsy


	(7)




	 


	 


	2,880,000


	 


	 


	 


	500,000


	 


	 


	 


	2,380,000


	 


	 


	 


	5.27%


	 




	Longhorn Mining Enterprises LLC


	(8)




	 


	 


	1,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	300,000


	 


	 


	 


	700,000


	 


	 


	 


	1.55%


	 




	Consolidated Goldfields LLC


	(9)




	 


	 


	400,000


	 


	 


	 


	200,000


	 


	 


	 


	200,000


	 


	 


	 


	0.53%


	 




	Larry Chaplin


	 


	 


	350,000


	 


	 


	 


	150,000


	 


	 


	 


	200,000


	 


	 


	 


	0.44%


	 




	Shery and Howard Dean


	(10)




	 


	 


	125,000


	 


	 


	 


	100,000


	 


	 


	 


	25,000


	 


	 


	 


	0.06%


	 




	Javier Berumen


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Debbie Smith


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Jo R. Knox


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Scott Reams


	 


	 


	100,000


	 


	 


	 


	100,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Charles Mahoney


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Lance McKinlay


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Laura Jean Lisenbee


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Kenny Payne


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Jack Kersey


	 


	 


	100,000


	 


	 


	 


	100,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Martha Patterson


	 


	 


	5,000


	 


	 


	 


	5,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Wayne Stoneciphert


	 


	 


	25,000


	 


	 


	 


	25,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	SCI-AGRI, Inc.


	(11)




	 


	 


	180,000


	 


	 


	 


	180,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Bill Gleason


	 


	 


	200,000


	 


	 


	 


	200,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	0.00%


	 




	Total


	 


	 


	37,440,833


	 


	 


	 


	3,500,000


	 


	 


	 


	33,940,833


	 


	 


	 


	75.23%


	 







	 




	(1)




	Unless otherwise specified below, each selling stockholder is a third party investor
	with no other relationship to the registrant.






	(2)




	The number of shares listed in these columns include all shares beneficially owned by the
	selling stockholder. The ownership percentages listed in these columns include only shares beneficially owned by the listed
	selling stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. In computing the number of
	shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we have included the shares the person has
	the right to acquire within 60 days of the date above. The shares that a stockholder has the right to acquire within 60 days,
	however, are not included in the computation of the percentage ownership of any other stockholder. The ownership percentages
	are calculated assuming that 44,465,000 shares of common stock immediately following the sale of the 6,500,000 shares
	included in this offering.






	(3)




	Under the rules adopted by the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of
	securities with respect to which the person has or shares:  (a) voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct
	the vote of the security, or (b) investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of the
	security. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with
	respect to all shares beneficially owned. Assumes that all the securities listed hereunder have been sold.






	(4)




	Mr. Weigel served as our Founder, and Sole Officer and Director from inception in
	August 2013 until his resignation on May 5, 2015.






	(5)




	Mr. Kersey was appointed our Principal Executive and Financial Officer and Director
	on May 5, 2015






	(6)




	Mr. William Jerome has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held
	by Signal Mining and Exploration Co. LLC.  Mr. Jerome was elected as a Director on December 29, 2015.






	(7)




	Mr. Brett Jerome has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held
	by Geodsy.  Mr. Brett Jerome is the son of our Director, Mr. William Jerome.






	(8)




	Mr. Ron Roberts has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held by
	Longhorn Mining Enterprises LLC.






	(9)




	Mr. Mark Andrews has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held
	by Consolidated Goldfields LLC.






	(10)




	Mr. Howard Dean was elected as a Director on December 29, 2015.






	(11)




	Mr. Jim Johnson has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held by
	SCI-AGRI, Inc.






	(12)




	Jack Kersey was given shares by Mr. Kersey and is his nephew.




	(13)


	 


	Mr. Ogle has served as our corporate counsel
	since May 2015.




	 



	 







	 



	30



	 







	 




	 






	PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION



	 


	The selling stockholders and any of their respective
	pledgees, donees, assignees, and other successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common
	stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions.


	 


	We have agreed, subject to certain limits,
	to bear all costs, expenses, and fees of registration of the shares of our common stock offered by the selling stockholders for
	resale.  However, any brokerage commissions, discounts, concessions, or other fees, if any, payable to broker-dealers
	in connection with any sale of shares of common stock will be borne by the selling stockholders selling those shares or by the
	purchasers of those shares.


	 


	On our being notified by a selling stockholder
	that any material arrangement has been entered into with a broker-dealer for the sale of shares through a block trade, special
	offering, exchange distribution, or secondary distribution, or a purchase by a broker or dealer, a supplement to this prospectus
	will be filed, if required, pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, disclosing the following:


	 







	·




	the name of each such selling stockholder
	and of any participating broker-dealer;










	·




	the number of securities involved;










	·




	the price at which such securities were
	sold;










	·




	the commissions paid or discounts or concessions
	allowed to any broker-dealer, where applicable; and










	·




	other facts material to the transaction.





	 


	The selling stockholders may use any one or
	more of the following methods when selling shares:


	 







	·




	directly as principals;










	·




	ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions
	in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;










	·




	block trades in which the broker-dealer
	will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;










	·




	purchases by a broker-dealer as principal
	and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;










	·




	an exchange distribution in accordance
	with the rules of the applicable exchange;










	·




	privately negotiated transactions;










	·




	short sales that are in compliance with
	the applicable laws and regulations of any state or the United States;










	·




	broker-dealers
	may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at
	a stipulated price per share; or










	·




	a
	combination of any such methods of sale.





	 


	The selling stockholders may also sell shares
	under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if available, rather than under this prospectus.


	 


	Any sales of the shares may be effected through
	the OTC Bulletin Board if our common stock is admitted to quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, in private transactions or otherwise,
	and the shares may be sold at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices.


	 


	The selling stockholders may pledge their shares
	to their brokers under the margin provisions of customer agreements. If a selling stockholder defaults on a margin loan,
	the broker may, from time to time, offer and sell the pledged shares. We believe that the selling stockholders have
	not entered into any agreements, understandings or arrangements with any underwriters or broker-dealers regarding sale of their
	shares other than ordinary course brokerage arrangements, nor is there an underwriter or coordinating broker acting in connection
	with the proposed sale of shares by the selling stockholders.


	 


	Broker-dealers engaged by the selling
	stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. If the selling stockholders effect sales
	through underwriters, brokers, dealers or agents, such firms may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions
	or commissions from the selling stockholders or the purchasers of the shares for whom they may act as agent, principal or
	both in amounts to be negotiated. Those persons who act as broker-dealers or underwriters in connection with the sale of the
	shares may be selected by the selling stockholders and may have other business relationships with, and perform services for,
	us. The selling stockholders do not expect these commissions and discounts to exceed what is customary in the types of
	transactions involved.


	 


	Any selling stockholder or broker-dealer who
	participates in the sale of the shares may be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of section 2(11) of
	the Securities Act. Any commissions received by any underwriter or broker-dealer and any profit on any sale of the shares as principal
	may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act.


	 


	The anti-manipulation provisions of Rules 101
	through 104 of Regulation M promulgated under the Exchange Act may apply to purchases and sales of shares of common stock by the
	selling stockholders.  In addition, there are restrictions on market-making activities by persons engaged in the distribution
	of the common stock.


	 


	 






	 



	31



	 






	 



	 


	Under the securities laws of certain states,
	the shares may be sold in those states only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in certain states the
	shares may not be able to be sold unless our common stock has been registered or qualified for sale in that state or an exemption
	from registration or qualification is available and is complied with.


	 


	We are required to pay expenses incident to
	the registration, offering, and sale of the shares under this offering.



	 





	DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED



	 



	General





	Our Articles of Incorporation authorize
	common stock and preferred stock. In particular, the Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of Seventy Million (70,000,000)
	shares of common stock and Five Million (5,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock.  The rights and privileges of the common
	stock and preferred stock are summarized below. As of November 25, 2016, there were 37,965,000 shares of our common stock
	outstanding and no shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. The Company does not have any outstanding debt securities.


	 



	Common Stock



	 


	(a) Capital Stock.


	 


	The Company is authorized by its
	Articles of Incorporation to issue an aggregate of 75,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 70,000,000 are shares of
	Common Stock and 5,000,000 are shares of Preferred Stock. As of November 25, 2016, we had 37,965,000 shares
	of Common Stock and no shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.


	 



	Common Stock



	 


	All outstanding shares of Common Stock are
	of the same class and have equal rights and attributes. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters
	submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Company. All stockholders are entitled to share equally in dividends, if any, as may
	be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. In the event of liquidation,
	the holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities. The stockholders
	do not have cumulative or preemptive rights.


	 



	Preferred Stock



	 


	Our Articles of Incorporation authorizes the
	issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock with designations, rights and preferences determined from time to time by
	our Board of Directors. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue Preferred Stock
	with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of
	the holders of the Common Stock. In the event of issuance, the Preferred Stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances,
	as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company, which is sometimes referred to in corporate
	parlance as a “poison pill”.


	 


	The description of certain matters relating
	to the securities of the Company is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of the Company's Articles of Incorporation
	and By-Laws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to this Form S-1.


	 


	(b) Debt Securities.


	 


	None.


	 


	(c) Warrants.


	 


	None.


	 


	(d) Other Securities to Be Registered.


	 


	None.


	 



	Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended
	and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws



	 


	None.


	 



	Options



	 


	 






	 



	32



	 






	 



	 


	We have not issued and do not have any outstanding
	options to purchase shares of our common stock.



	 





	Transfer Agent



	 


	The Company has not engaged a transfer agent.
	Upon completion of this Registration Statement, we expect to engage Columbia Stock Transfer Company, 1869 E Seltice Way #292, Post
	Falls, ID 83854. Tel: (208) 777-8998.



	 





	SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE



	 


	Prior to this offering, there has been no public
	market for any class of our capital stock and a significant public market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained
	after this offering. Future sales of significant amounts of our capital stock, including shares of our outstanding stock and shares
	of our stock issued upon exercise of outstanding options, in the public market after this offering, or the perception that such
	sales could occur, could adversely affect any prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our future ability to
	raise capital through the sale of our equity securities.


	 



	Shares Covered by this Prospectus



	 


	As of November 25, 2016,
	we have 37,965,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these outstanding shares, 3,500,000 shares being registered in this
	offering may be sold without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by
	our “affiliates,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, whose sales may be made only in
	compliance with the limitations of Rule 144 described below.


	 


	The remaining 34,465,000 shares outstanding
	after this offering are deemed “restricted securities” under Rule 144. Restricted securities may be sold in the public
	market only if registered or if they qualify for an exemption under the Securities Act, such as Rule 144, which is summarized below.


	 



	Rule 144



	 


	Certain outstanding shares of our common stock
	which are not included in this prospectus are eligible for sale in the public market under Rule 144. In general, under Rule 144
	as currently in effect, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months would
	be entitled to sell their securities provided that (1) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time
	of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, (2) we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange
	Act for at least 90 days before the sale and (3) if the sale occurs prior to satisfaction of a one-year holding period, we provide
	current information at the time of sale. In the event that the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part lapses
	for any reason, all currently outstanding shares of common stock will be subject to resale pursuant to Rule 144, subject to the
	limitations described herein.


	 


	Persons who have beneficially owned restricted
	shares of our common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months
	preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month
	period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:


	 







	·




	1% of the total number of securities of
	the same class then outstanding: or










	·




	the average weekly trading volume of such
	securities during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale.





	 



	provided

	, that, in each case, that we
	are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for at least three months before the sale.


	 


	However, since we will seek to initiate quotation
	of our common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board, which is not an “automated quotation system,” our stockholders will
	not be able to rely on the market-based volume limitation described in the second bullet above. If, in the future, our securities
	are listed on an exchange or quoted on NASDAQ, then our stockholders would be able to rely on the market-based volume limitation.
	Unless and until our stock is so listed or quoted, our stockholders can only rely on the percentage based volume limitation described
	in the first bullet above.


	 


	Such sales by affiliates must also comply with
	the manner of sale, current public information and notice provisions of Rule 144. The selling stockholders will not be governed
	by the foregoing restrictions when selling their shares pursuant to this prospect.



	 





	LEGAL MATTERS



	 




	The validity of the issuance of the
	common stock offered pursuant to this offering will be passed upon for us by Patrick E. Ogle, Esq. Mr. Ogle, through receipt of
	his 10,000,000 founders’ shares, meets the definitions of a promoter and control person of the Company. Mr. Ogle was not
	specifically compensated for his services in connection with this registration statement and is not entitled to any contingent
	compensation in connection with this registration statement.




	 


	 


	 






	 



	33



	 







	 



	 





	EXPERTS



	 


	The financial statements for the years
	ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, included in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement, have been audited
	by Michael Gillespie & Associates PLLC, an independent registered public accounting firm, to the extent and for the
	periods indicated in their report appearing elsewhere herein, and are included in reliance upon such report and upon the
	authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.


	 



	WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION



	 


	We have filed with the SEC a registration statement
	on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the common stock offered by this prospectus. This prospectus, which is part
	of the registration statement, omits certain information, exhibits, schedules and undertakings set forth in the registration statement.
	For further information pertaining to us and our common stock, reference is made to the registration statement and the exhibits
	and schedules to the registration statement. Statements contained in this prospectus as to the contents or provisions of any documents
	referred to in this prospectus are not necessarily complete, and in each instance where a copy of the document has been filed as
	an exhibit to the registration statement, reference is made to the exhibit for a more complete description of the matters involved.


	 


	You may read and copy all or any portion of
	the registration statement without charge at the public reference room of the SEC at 100 F Street, N. E., Washington, D. C.  20549.
	Copies of the registration statement may be obtained from the SEC at prescribed rates from the public reference room of the SEC
	at such address. You may obtain information regarding the operation of the public reference room by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. In
	addition, registration statements and certain other filings made with the SEC electronically are publicly available through the
	SEC’s web site at http://www.sec.gov. The registration statement, including all exhibits and amendments thereto, has been
	filed electronically with the SEC.


	 


	We are subject to the information and periodic
	reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and, accordingly, we file annual reports containing financial statements audited by
	an independent registered public accounting firm, quarterly reports containing unaudited financial data, current reports and other
	reports and information with the SEC. You may inspect and copy each of our periodic reports, proxy statements and other information
	at the SEC’s public reference room, and at the web site of the SEC referred to above.


	 


	 






	 



	34



	 







	 



	 







	INDEX TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	 






	Balance
	Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015



	 


	 



	F-2



	 





	Statements
	of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015



	 


	 



	F-3



	 





	Statements
	of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015



	 


	 



	F-

	5


	 





	Notes
	to Financial Statements



	 


	 



	F-

	6


	 





	 


	 


	 




	 


	 








	 


	F-

	1



	 







	 




	 



	HIGH DESERT HOLDING
	CORP.




	BALANCE SHEETS



	 


	 









	ASSETS



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	September 30, 2016


	 


	 


	 


	December 31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	(Unaudited)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash


	 


	$


	63


	 


	 


	$


	2,011


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total current assets


	 


	 


	63


	 


	 


	 


	2,011


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Mining equipment, net


	 


	 


	282,857


	 


	 


	 


	154,286


	 




	Mineral properties


	 


	 


	697,143


	 


	 


	 


	697,143


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total assets


	 


	$


	980,063


	 


	 


	$


	853,440


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable


	 


	$


	49,503


	 


	 


	$


	6,496


	 




	Shareholder advances


	 


	 


	22,851


	 


	 


	 


	9,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total current liabilities


	 


	 


	72,354


	 


	 


	 


	15,496


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Commitments and Contingencies






	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Preferred stock, $.001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized and no shares issued and
	outstanding


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	Common stock, $.001 par value, 70,000,000 shares authorized and 37,965,000 and 36,540,000
	shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively


	 


	 


	37,965


	 


	 


	 


	36,540


	 




	Additional paid in capital


	 


	 


	1,044,677


	 


	 


	 


	862,889


	 




	Accumulated deficit


	 


	 


	(174,933


	)


	 


	 


	(61,485


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total stockholders' equity (deficit)


	 


	 


	907,709


	 


	 


	 


	837,944


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit)


	 


	$


	980,063


	 


	 


	$


	853,440


	 











	 


	The accompanying
	notes are an integral part of these financial statements


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	2



	 







	 




	 





	HIGH DESERT HOLDING
	CORP.




	STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS



	 



	 





	 


	 


	For the Three Months Ended


	 


	 


	For the Nine Months Ended


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	September 30,


	 


	 


	 


	September 30,


	 


	 


	 


	September 30,


	 


	 


	 


	September 30,


	 




	 


	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Revenue


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net revenue


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Exploration and development


	 


	 


	9,300


	 


	 


	 


	1,630


	 


	 


	 


	54,300


	 


	 


	 


	1,630


	 




	General and administrative


	 


	 


	22,330


	 


	 


	 


	4,508


	 


	 


	 


	59,148


	 


	 


	 


	37,364


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total operating expenses


	 


	 


	31,630


	 


	 


	 


	6,138


	 


	 


	 


	113,448


	 


	 


	 


	38,994


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss from operations


	 


	 


	(31,630


	)


	 


	 


	(6,138


	)


	 


	 


	(113,448


	)


	 


	 


	(38,994


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(31,630


	)


	 


	$


	(6,138


	)


	 


	$


	(113,448


	)


	 


	$


	(38,994


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss per share - basic and diluted


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Weighted average shares outstanding


	 


	 


	37,965,000


	 


	 


	 


	30,540,000


	 


	 


	 


	37,861,978


	 


	 


	 


	23,682,454


	 













	 


	The accompanying
	notes are an integral part of these financial statements


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	3



	 







	 




	 





	HIGH DESERT HOLDING
	CORP.




	STATEMENT OF CHANGES
	IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY



	 







	 




	 




	Common Stock




	 




	 




	Additional Paid in




	 




	 




	Accumulated




	 




	 




	Stockholders' Equity




	 






	 




	 




	Number




	 




	 




	Amount




	 




	 




	Capital




	 




	 




	Deficit




	 






	(Deficit)




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance September 16, 2013




	 




	 




	–




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of founder's common stock
	at par in September 2013




	 




	 




	10,000,000




	 




	 




	 




	10,000




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	10,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(14,657




	)




	 




	 




	(14,657




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance December 31, 2013




	 




	 




	10,000,000




	 




	 




	$




	10,000




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 




	 




	$




	(14,657




	)




	 




	$




	(4,657




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(325




	)




	 




	 




	(325




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance December 31, 2014




	 




	 




	10,000,000




	 




	 




	$




	10,000




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 




	 




	$




	(14,982




	)




	 




	$




	(4,982




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of founders' common stock at par in
	March 2015




	 




	 




	20,000,000




	 




	 




	 




	20,000




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	20,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for cash at $0.20 per
	share in May 2015




	 




	 




	30,000




	 




	 




	 




	30




	 




	 




	 




	5,970




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	6,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for acquisition of
	Mineral Property at $0.20 in May 2015




	 




	 




	400,000




	 




	 




	 




	400




	 




	 




	 




	79,600




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	80,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for cash at $0.20 per
	share in June 2015




	 




	 




	10,000




	 




	 




	 




	10




	 




	 




	 




	1,990




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	2,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for cash at $0.10 per
	share in June 2015




	 




	 




	100,000




	 




	 




	 




	100




	 




	 




	 




	9,900




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	10,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for acquisition of
	Mineral Property and Mining Equipment at $0.13 per share in November 2015




	 




	 




	6,000,000




	 




	 




	 




	6,000




	 




	 




	 




	765,429




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	771,429




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(46,503




	)




	 




	 




	(46,503




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance December 31, 2015




	 




	 




	36,540,000




	 




	 




	$




	36,540




	 




	 




	$




	862,889




	 




	 




	$




	(61,485




	)




	 




	$




	837,944




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for acquisition of
	Mining Equipment at $0.13 per share in January 2016




	 




	 




	1,000,000




	 




	 




	 




	1,000




	 




	 




	 




	127,571




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	128,571




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for Director Fees at
	$0.13 per share in January 2016




	 




	 




	75,000




	 




	 




	 




	75




	 




	 




	 




	9,567




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	9,642




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for Consulting Fees
	at $0.13 per share in January 2016




	 




	 




	350,000




	 




	 




	 




	350




	 




	 




	 




	44,650




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	45,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(113,448




	)




	 




	 




	(113,448




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance September 30, 2016




	 




	 




	37,965,000




	 




	 




	$




	37,965




	 




	 




	$




	1,044,677




	 




	 




	$




	(174,933




	)




	 




	$




	907,709




	 








	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements




	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	4



	 







	 




	 





	HIGH DESERT HOLDING
	CORP.




	STATEMENT OF CASH
	FLOWS




	 





	 


	 


	For the Nine Months Ended


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	September 30, 


	 


	 


	 


	September 30, 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash Flows from Operating Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(113,448


	)


	 


	$


	(38,994


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stock compensation


	 


	 


	54,642


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 




	Change in accounts payable


	 


	 


	43,007


	 


	 


	 


	(710


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash used in operating activities


	 


	 


	(15,799


	)


	 


	 


	(19,704


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash Flows from Financing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Proceeds from issuance of related party notes payable


	 


	 


	13,851


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Proceeds from issuance of common stock


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	18,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash provided by financing activities


	 


	 


	13,851


	 


	 


	 


	18,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net increase in cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	(1,948


	)


	 


	 


	(1,704


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period


	 


	 


	2,011


	 


	 


	 


	4,743


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period


	 


	$


	63


	 


	 


	$


	3,039


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Supplementary Disclosures of Cash Flow Information


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for income taxes


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	Cash paid for interest


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock issued for Mineral Property and Mining Equipment acquisition


	 


	$


	128,571


	 


	 


	$


	851,429


	 















	 


	The accompanying
	notes are an integral part of these financial statements


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	5



	 







	 




	 


	 




	HIGH DESERT HOLDING
	CORP.




	Notes to the Financial
	Statements


	 



	NOTE 1.                      GENERAL
	ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS




	 




	High Desert
	Holding Corp. (“Company”) was organized in the state of Nevada in September 2013. The Company is a

	precious
	and non-precious mineral exploration company. The Company is initially focused on identifying both public and privately held land
	that have historically demonstrated commercially viable resources primarily located in the Western United States, particularly
	Nevada.


	 


	The
	Company has a mineral property located in Nevada has not yet determined whether these properties contain a viable resource.  Future
	exploration and development of this and any other properties will be dependent upon the ability of the Company to obtain necessary
	financing to satisfy the expenditure requirements under the property agreements to complete the development of the properties and
	upon the ability to raise additional capital.


	 


	The accompanying interim unaudited condensed
	financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information
	and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8-03 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information
	and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial statements. In the
	opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have
	been included. Operating results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative
	of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the financial statements
	and footnotes also included in this Form S-1 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.





	 



	The accompanying condensed financial statements
	have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America which contemplate
	continuation of the Company as a going concern.


	 




	Cash and
	Cash Equivalents






	 




	Cash and cash
	equivalents include cash in banks and financial instruments which mature within three months of the date of purchase. As of September
	30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.


	 




	Use of Estimates






	 




	The preparation
	of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
	and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue
	and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


	 




	Stock Based
	Compensation






	 




	The Company has
	on occasion issued equity and equity linked instruments to employees and non-employees in lieu of cash to various vendors for the
	receipt of goods and services and, in certain circumstances the settlement of short-term loan arrangements.   The applicable
	GAAP 

	establishes that share-based payment transactions with employees and non-employees shall
	be measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more
	reliably measurable.




	 



	In these transactions,
	we issue unregistered and restricted shares of common stock.


	 


	When unregistered
	common shares and equity-linked instruments convertible into unregistered common shares are issued for the settlement of short-term
	financing arrangements (that are not initially convertible), the reacquisition price of the extinguished financing arrangement
	is determined by the value of the debt which is more clearly evident, and no additional inducement expense is recognized.


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	6



	 







	 




	 


	In situations
	in which we issue unregistered restricted common shares in exchange for goods and services, and the value of the goods and services
	are not the most reliably measurable, we recognize the fair value of the unregistered restricted equity instruments based on the
	value of similar instruments issued in private placements in exchange for cash in the most recent transactions (a Level 2 input
	within the GAAP hierarchy).   We have determined this methodology reflects the risk adjusted fair value of our unregistered
	restricted equity instruments using a commercially reasonable valuation technique.


	 




	Mineral
	Property Costs






	 




	We defer acquisition costs until we determine
	the viability of a mineral property. Since we do not have proven and probable reserves as defined by Securities and Exchange Commission
	(“SEC”) Industry Guide 7. Exploration expenditures are expensed as incurred. We expense care and maintenance costs
	as incurred.


	 


	We review the carrying value of our mineral
	property for impairment whenever there are negative indicators of impairment. Our estimate of the gold price, mineralized materials,
	operating capital, and reclamation costs are subject to risks and uncertainties affecting the recoverability of our investment
	in the mineral property. Although we have made our best, most current estimate of these factors, it is possible that near term
	changes could adversely affect our estimates and possibly require future asset impairment write-downs.


	 


	When it has been
	determined that a mineral property can be economically developed as a result of establishing proven and probable reserves, the
	costs incurred to develop such property, are capitalized. Such costs will be amortized using the units-of-production method over
	the estimated life of the probable reserve. If mineral properties are subsequently abandoned or impaired, any capitalized costs
	will be charged to operations.


	 




	Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements






	 




	The Company has reviewed recently issued
	accounting pronouncements and does not expect any to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or
	cash flows.


	 



	NOTE 2.                      GOING
	CONCERN




	 



	The accompanying
	financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization
	of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.  Since inception, the Company has not
	identified any proven or probable reserve and correspondingly has not generated any revenue during its exploration stage.  This
	raises substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. These financials do not include any
	adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities
	that might result from this uncertainty. The Company needs to raise additional funds to continue as a going concern.


	 



	NOTE 3.                      MINERAL
	PROPERTY




	 





	Kibby Flats






	 




	In May 2015, the
	Company acquired ten (10) unpatented mining claims commonly referred to as Kibby Flats located in Esmerelda County, Nevada for
	400,000 shares of restricted and unregistered shares of common stock with an estimated value of $80,000.


	 




	QR Claims






	 




	In November 2015,
	the Company acquired fifty (50) unpatented mining claims commonly referred to as the “QR Claims 1-50” located in Humboldt
	County, Nevada for 4,800,000 shares of restricted and unregistered shares of common stock with an estimated value of $617,143.


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	7



	 







	 




	 



	NOTE 4.                      STOCKHOLDERS’
	EQUITY




	 





	Common Stock






	 




	The Company is authorized to issue
	70,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. As of September 30, 2016 the Company had a total of 37,965,000
	shares issued and outstanding. The following provides information for the shares of restricted and unregistered shares of common
	stock that we issued from January 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016.


	 


	In January of
	2016 the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of restricted and unregistered common stock at $0.13 per share for the acquisition of
	mining equipment for total consideration of $128,571.


	 


	In January of
	2016 the Company issued 75,000 shares of restricted and unregistered common stock at $0.13 per share for director compensation
	totaling $9,643.


	 


	In January of
	2016 the Company issued 350,000 shares of restricted and unregistered common stock at $0.13 per share for consulting fees totaling
	$45,000.


	 



	NOTE 5.                      LEASE
	COMMITMENT




	 



	In April 2015 the Company entered into
	a one year lease for its corporate office with a base monthly rent of $1,019. Since April 30, 2016 the Company has been paying
	the lease payment of $1,019 on a month to month basis.


	 



	NOTE 6.                      SUBSEQUENT
	EVENTS




	 



	The Company evaluated its subsequent events through November
	21, 2016, the date through which the financial statements were available to be issued.




	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	8



	 







	 




	 





	INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS





	 


	 





	Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



	 


	 



	F-10



	 





	Balance
	Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014



	 


	 



	F-

	11


	 





	Statements
	of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014



	 


	 



	F-

	12


	 





	Statements
	of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014



	 


	 



	F-

	13


	 





	Statements
	of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014



	 


	 



	F-

	14


	 





	Notes
	to Financial Statements



	 


	 



	F-

	15


	 





	 


	 




	 


	 






	 


	F-

	9



	 







	 




	 


	MICHAEL GILLESPIE & ASSOCIATES,
	PLLC



	CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS




	10544 ALTON AVE NE




	SEATTLE, WA 98125




	206.353.5736




	 





	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
	ACCOUNTING FIRM



	 


	To the Board of Directors


	High Desert Holding Corp.


	 


	We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of High Desert Holding
	Corp. as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ deficit and cash flows for
	the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is
	to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


	We conducted our audits in accordance with
	the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
	the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company
	is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
	consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
	circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over
	financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
	the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
	by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
	basis for our opinion.


	In our opinion, subject to the condition noted in the following
	paragraph, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of High
	Desert Holding Corp. for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years
	then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.


	 


	The accompanying financial statements have
	been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note #3 to the financial statements, although
	the Company has limited operations it has yet to attain profitability. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
	as a going concern. Management’s plan in regard to these matters is also described in Note #3. The financial statements do
	not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


	 


	/S/ MICHAEL GILLESPIE & ASSOCIATES, PLLC


	 


	Seattle, Washington


	June 3, 2016


	 


	 






	 


	F-

	10



	 







	 





	 






	HIGH DESERT HOLDING
	CORP.




	BALANCE SHEETS




	 






	ASSETS



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	December 31, 2014


	 





	Current Assets



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash


	 


	$


	2,011


	 


	 


	$


	4,743


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total current assets


	 


	 


	2,011


	 


	 


	 


	4,743


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Mining equipment, net


	 


	 


	154,286


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	Mineral properties


	 


	 


	697,143


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total assets


	 


	$


	853,440


	 


	 


	$


	4,743


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable


	 


	$


	6,496


	 


	 


	$


	725


	 




	Shareholder advances


	 


	 


	9,000


	 


	 


	 


	9,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total current liabilities


	 


	 


	15,496


	 


	 


	 


	9,725


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Commitments and Contingencies



	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Preferred stock, $.001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized and no shares issued and
	outstanding


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	Common stock, $.001 par value, 70,000,000 shares authorized and 36,540,000 and 10,000,000
	shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively


	 


	 


	36,540


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 




	Additional paid in capital


	 


	 


	862,889


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	Accumulated deficit


	 


	 


	(61,485


	)


	 


	 


	(14,982


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total stockholders' equity (deficit)


	 


	 


	837,944


	 


	 


	 


	(4,982


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit)


	 


	$


	853,440


	 


	 


	$


	4,743


	 






	 



	The accompanying notes are an integral part
	of these financial statements


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	11



	 







	 




	 





	HIGH DESERT HOLDING
	CORP.




	STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS



	 






	 


	 


	For the Years Ended


	 




	 


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	2014


	 




	Revenue


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net revenue


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Exploration and development


	 


	 


	1,630


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	General and administrative


	 


	 


	44,873


	 


	 


	 


	325


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total operating expenses


	 


	 


	46,503


	 


	 


	 


	325


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss from operations


	 


	 


	(46,503


	)


	 


	 


	(325


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(46,503


	)


	 


	$


	(325


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss per share - basic and diluted


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Weighted average shares outstanding


	 


	 


	26,249,288


	 


	 


	 


	10,000,000


	 







	 


	The accompanying
	notes are an integral part of these financial statements


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	12



	 







	 





	 






	HIGH DESERT HOLDING
	CORP.




	STATEMENT OF CHANGES
	IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY



	 







	 




	 




	Common Stock




	 




	 




	 




	Additional
	Paid




	 




	 




	 




	Accumulated




	 




	 




	 




	Total Stockholders' Equity




	 






	 




	 




	 




	Number




	 




	 




	 




	Amount




	 




	 




	 




	in
	Capital




	 




	 




	 




	Deficit




	 




	 




	 




	(Deficit)




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance September 16, 2013




	 




	 




	–




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of founder's common stock at par in September 2013




	 




	 




	10,000,000




	 




	 




	 




	10,000




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	10,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(14,657




	)




	 




	 




	(14,657




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance December 31, 2013




	 




	 




	10,000,000




	 




	 




	$




	10,000




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 




	 




	$




	(14,657




	)




	 




	$




	(4,657




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(325




	)




	 




	 




	(325




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance December 31, 2014




	 




	 




	10,000,000




	 




	 




	$




	10,000




	 




	 




	$




	–




	 




	 




	$




	(14,982




	)




	 




	$




	(4,982




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of founders' common stock at par in March 2015




	 




	 




	20,000,000




	 




	 




	 




	20,000




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	20,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for cash at $0.20 per share in May 2015




	 




	 




	30,000




	 




	 




	 




	30




	 




	 




	 




	5,970




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	6,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for acquisition of Mineral Property at
	$0.20 in May 2015




	 




	 




	400,000




	 




	 




	 




	400




	 




	 




	 




	79,600




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	80,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for cash at $0.20 per share in June 2015




	 




	 




	10,000




	 




	 




	 




	10




	 




	 




	 




	1,990




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	2,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for cash at $0.10 per share in June 2015




	 




	 




	100,000




	 




	 




	 




	100




	 




	 




	 




	9,900




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	10,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for acquisition of Mineral Property and
	Mining Equipment at $0.13 per share in November 2015




	 




	 




	6,000,000




	 




	 




	 




	6,000




	 




	 




	 




	765,429




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	771,429




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(46,503




	)




	 




	 




	(46,503




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance December 31, 2015




	 




	 




	36,540,000




	 




	 




	$




	36,540




	 




	 




	$




	862,889




	 




	 




	$




	(61,485




	)




	 




	$




	837,944




	 






	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements




	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	13



	 







	 




	 





	HIGH DESERT HOLDING
	CORP.




	STATEMENTS OF CASH
	FLOWS



	 






	 


	 


	For the Years Ended


	 




	 


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	2014


	 




	Cash Flows from Operating Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(46,503


	)


	 


	$


	(325


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stock compensation


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	Change in accounts payable


	 


	 


	5,771


	 


	 


	 


	325


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash used in operating activities


	 


	 


	(20,732


	)


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash Flows from Financing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Proceeds from issuance of related party notes payable


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Proceeds from issuance of common stock


	 


	 


	18,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net cash provided by financing activities


	 


	 


	18,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net increase in cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	(2,732


	)


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period


	 


	 


	4,743


	 


	 


	 


	4,743


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period


	 


	$


	2,011


	 


	 


	$


	4,743


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Supplementary Disclosures of Cash Flow Information


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for income taxes


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	Cash paid for interest


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock issued for Mineral Property and Mining Equipment acquisition


	 


	$


	851,429


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 





	 


	The accompanying
	notes are an integral part of these financial statements


	 


	 




	 


	 








	 


	F-

	14



	 







	 




	 




	HIGH DESERT HOLDING
	CORP.


	Notes to the Financial
	Statements


	 


	 



	NOTE 1.                      GENERAL
	ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS




	 




	High Desert
	Holding Corp. (“Company”) was organized in the state of Nevada in August 2013. The Company is a

	precious
	and non-precious mineral exploration company. The Company is initially focused on identifying both public and privately held land
	that have historically demonstrated commercially viable resources primarily located in the Western United States, particularly
	Nevada.


	 


	The
	Company has a mineral property located in Nevada has not yet determined whether these properties contain a viable resource.  Future
	exploration and development of this and any other properties will be dependent upon the ability of the Company to obtain necessary
	financing to satisfy the expenditure requirements under the property agreements to complete the development of the properties and
	upon the ability to raise additional capital.


	 


	The accompanying financial statements have
	been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America which contemplate continuation
	of the Company as a going concern.


	 



	NOTE  2.                      SUMMARY
	OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES




	 





	Cash and
	Cash Equivalents






	 




	Cash and cash
	equivalents include cash in banks and financial instruments which mature within three months of the date of purchase. As of December
	31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.


	 




	Use of Estimates






	 




	The preparation
	of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
	and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue
	and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.


	 




	Loss
	per Share






	 




	The Company computes
	net loss per share in accordance with GAAP. This requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS)
	on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares outstanding
	during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period under the treasury
	stock method using the if-converted method. The Company does not currently have any instruments issued and outstanding that are
	potentially dilutive.


	 




	Fair Value
	of Financial Instruments






	 




	The fair value of a financial instrument
	is the amount that could be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
	market participants at the measurement date.  Financial assets are marked to bid prices and financial liabilities are marked
	to offer prices.  The fair value should be calculated based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the
	asset or liability, not on assumptions specific to the entity. In addition, the fair value of liabilities should include
	consideration of non-performance risk, including the party’s own credit risk.


	 


	Fair value measurements do not include
	transaction costs.  A fair value hierarchy is used to prioritize the quality and reliability of the information used to determine
	fair values.  Categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to
	the fair value measurement.  The fair value hierarchy is defined into the following three categories:


	 


	Level 1: Quoted market
	prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.


	Level 2: Observable
	market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.


	Level 3: Unobservable
	inputs that are not corroborated by market data.


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	15



	 







	 




	 




	Income Taxes






	 




	The Company recognizes
	deferred tax liabilities and assets using the liability method. Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined
	based on the temporary differences between the financial statements carrying values and tax bases of assets and liabilities using
	enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse.  In determining the future
	tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or tax returns, judgment and interpretation of
	statutes is required. Judgments and interpretation of statutes are inherent in this process. Future income tax assets are recorded
	in the financial statements if realization is considered more likely than not.


	 


	For previously
	taken tax positions considered to be uncertain, the Company prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute.  In
	the event certain tax positions do not meet the appropriate recognition threshold, de-recognition of income tax assets and liabilities,
	classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, and accounting for interest and penalties associated
	with tax positions is required.


	 


	The Company files
	income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states. The Company is subject to federal tax audits for all periods
	since inception in 2013.


	 




	Stock Based
	Compensation






	 




	The Company has
	on occasion issued equity and equity linked instruments to employees and non-employees in lieu of cash to various vendors for the
	receipt of goods and services and, in certain circumstances the settlement of short-term loan arrangements.   The applicable
	GAAP 

	establishes that share-based payment transactions with employees and non-employees shall
	be measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more
	reliably measurable.




	 



	In these transactions,
	we issue unregistered and restricted shares of common stock.


	 


	When unregistered
	common shares and equity-linked instruments convertible into unregistered common shares are issued for the settlement of short-term
	financing arrangements (that are not initially convertible), the reacquisition price of the extinguished financing arrangement
	is determined by the value of the debt which is more clearly evident, and no additional inducement expense is recognized.


	 


	In situations
	in which we issue unregistered restricted common shares in exchange for goods and services, and the value of the goods and services
	are not the most reliably measurable, we recognize the fair value of the unregistered restricted equity instruments based on the
	value of similar instruments issued in private placements in exchange for cash in the most recent transactions (a Level 2 input
	within the GAAP hierarchy).   We have determined this methodology reflects the risk adjusted fair value of our unregistered
	restricted equity instruments using a commercially reasonable valuation technique.


	 




	Mining Equipment






	 




	The Company records its mining equipment
	at historical cost. Depreciation expense is recognized in operations over the estimated service lives or productive value of the
	equipment. The Company capitalizes expenditures for improvements that significantly extend the useful life of an asset. Expenditures
	for maintenance and repairs are expensed to operations when incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over
	estimated useful lives as follows:


	 




	Drilling equipment


	5 to 7 years




	Vehicles and trailers


	3 to 7 years




	Field equipment


	1 to 3 years






	 






	Mineral
	Property Costs






	 




	We defer acquisition costs until we determine
	the viability of a mineral property. Since we do not have proven and probable reserves as defined by Securities and Exchange Commission
	(“SEC”) Industry Guide 7. Exploration expenditures are expensed as incurred. We expense care and maintenance costs
	as incurred.


	 


	We review the carrying value of our mineral
	property for impairment whenever there are negative indicators of impairment. Our estimate of the gold price, mineralized materials,
	operating capital, and reclamation costs are subject to risks and uncertainties affecting the recoverability of our investment
	in the mineral property. Although we have made our best, most current estimate of these factors, it is possible that near term
	changes could adversely affect our estimates and possibly require future asset impairment write-downs.


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	16



	 







	 




	 


	When it has been
	determined that a mineral property can be economically developed as a result of establishing proven and probable reserves, the
	costs incurred to develop such property, are capitalized. Such costs will be amortized using the units-of-production method over
	the estimated life of the probable reserve. If mineral properties are subsequently abandoned or impaired, any capitalized costs
	will be charged to operations.


	 




	Environmental Costs






	 




	Environmental
	expenditures that relate to current operations are expensed or capitalized as appropriate. Expenditures that relate
	to an existing condition caused by past operations, and which do not contribute to current or future revenue generation, are expensed. Liabilities
	are recorded when environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts are probable, and the cost can be reasonably estimated.  enerally,
	the timing of these accruals coincides with the earlier of completion of a feasibility study or the Company’s commitments
	to plan of action based on the then known facts.


	 




	Reclamation Liabilities and Asset
	Retirement Obligations






	 




	Minimum standards for site reclamation
	and closure have been established by various government agencies that affect certain of our operations. The Company calculates
	estimates of reclamation liabilities based on current laws and regulations and the expected undiscounted future cash flows to be
	incurred in reclaiming, restoring, and closing of operating mine sites. US GAAP requires that the fair value of a liability for
	an asset retirement obligation be recognized in the period in which it is incurred. It further requires us to record a liability
	for the present value of our estimated environmental remediation costs and the related asset created with it when a recoverable
	asset (long-lived asset) can be realized.


	 




	Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements






	 




	The Company has reviewed recently issued
	accounting pronouncements and does not expect any to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or
	cash flows.


	 



	NOTE 3.                      GOING
	CONCERN




	 



	The accompanying
	financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization
	of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.  Since inception, the Company has not
	identified any proven or probable reserve and correspondingly has not generated any revenue during its exploration stage.  This
	raises substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. These financials do not include any
	adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities
	that might result from this uncertainty. The Company needs to raise additional funds to continue as a going concern.


	 



	NOTE 4.                      MINERAL
	PROPERTY




	 





	Kibby Flats






	 




	In May 2015, the
	Company acquired ten (10) unpatented mining claims commonly referred to as Kibby Flats located in Esmerelda County, Nevada for
	400,000 shares of restricted and unregistered shares of common stock with an estimated value of $80,000.


	 




	QR Claims






	 




	In November 2015,
	the Company acquired fifty (50) unpatented mining claims commonly referred to as the “QR Claims 1-50” located in Humboldt
	County, Nevada for 4,800,000 shares of restricted and unregistered shares of common stock with an estimated value of $617,143.


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	17



	 







	 




	 





	NOTE 5.                      MINING
	EQUIPMENT




	 



	Mining equipment at December 31, 2015
	and 2014 consisted of the following:


	 




	 


	 



	 




	2015




	 




	 




	 




	2014



	 




	Drilling equipment


	 


	$


	144,869


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	Vehicles and trailers


	 


	 


	3,622


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	Field equipment


	 


	 


	5,795


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 


	 


	$


	154,286


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 





	 


	In November 2015 the Company acquired
	its mining equipment via the issuance of 1,200,000 shares of restricted and unregistered shares of common stock. As of December
	31, 2015, none of the Company’s mining equipment was placed in service, correspondingly, no depreciation expense was recognized
	during any period presented in these financial statements.


	 



	NOTE 6.                      STOCKHOLDERS’
	EQUITY




	 





	Common Stock






	 




	The Company is authorized to issue
	70,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. As of September 30, 2015 the Company had a total of 30,054,000
	shares issued and outstanding. The following provides information for the shares of restricted and unregistered shares of common
	stock that we issued from January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015.


	 


	In March 2015,
	the Company issued 20,000,000 founders’ shares of common stock to its current officer and director and an additional significant
	shareholder and service provider for total consideration of $20,000.


	 


	In May of 2015
	the Company issued 30,000 shares of restricted and unregistered common stock at $0.20 per share for cash proceeds totaling $6,000.


	 


	In May of 2015
	the Company issued 400,000 shares of restricted and unregistered common stock at $0.20 per share for the acquisition of the Kibby
	Flats Mineral Property for total consideration of $80,000.


	 


	In June of 2015
	the Company issued 10,000 shares of restricted and unregistered common stock at $0.20 per share for cash proceeds totaling $2,000.


	 


	In June of 2015
	the Company issued 100,000 shares of restricted and unregistered common stock at $0.10 per share for cash proceeds totaling $10,000.


	 


	In November of
	2015 the Company issued 6,000,000 shares of restricted and unregistered common stock at $0.13 per share for the acquisition of
	the QR Claims 1-50 and mining equipment for total consideration of $771,429.


	 



	NOTE 7.                      LEASE
	COMMITMENT




	 







	In April 2015
	the Company entered into a one year lease for its corporate office with a base monthly rent of $1,019. The initial term of the
	lease has expired and currently continues on a month-to-month basis. 


	 



	NOTE 8.                      INCOME
	TAXES




	 



	The Company provides for income taxes
	using an asset and liability approach. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the temporary differences between
	the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect currently.


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	18



	 







	 




	 


	The Company recognizes reductions in
	its deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that
	some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In the Company’s opinion, it is uncertain whether they will
	generate sufficient taxable income in the future to fully utilize the net deferred tax asset. Accordingly, a valuation
	allowance equal to the deferred tax asset has been recorded. The Company’s deferred tax assets by period are as
	follows:


	 






	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	2014


	 




	Deferred Tax Asset


	 


	$


	21,000


	 


	 


	$


	5,000


	 




	Valuation Allowance


	 


	 


	(21,000


	)


	 


	 


	(5,000


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income Tax Expense


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 





	 


	The components of income tax expense
	for years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 respectively are as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	2014


	 




	Change in Net Operating Loss


	 


	$


	16,000


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	Change in Valuation Allowance


	 


	 


	(16,000


	)


	 


	 


	–


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income Tax Expense


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 





	 


	The differences between the statutory
	income tax rates computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate and our effective rate were the following:


	 






	 


	 


	 



	Rate



	 




	Federal Statutory Rate


	 


	 


	35%


	 




	Current Loss and NOL Carry Forward


	 


	 


	-35%


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net Rate


	 


	 


	0%


	 





	 


	As of December
	31, 2015 and 2014, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards totaling approximately $61,000. The Company does not believe
	that it has any uncertain tax positions, correspondingly, no estimated accruals for interest and penalties have been made in the
	accompanying financial statements.


	 


	The Company’s
	tax returns currently subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service are for the periods ended December 31, 2013 through the
	present.


	 



	NOTE 9.                      
	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS




	 



	In August 2013 our founder, former officer
	and director, and significant shareholder, Marty Weigel, loaned us $9,000 to fund the start-up of our initial operations. Mr. Weigel
	has agreed to not accrue interest on the loan and has informally agreed to defer re-payment of the loan until such time as we have
	acquired a more stable source of funding.


	 


	As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 we owed
	Ingenium Accounting Associates, an accounting Firm controlled by Marty Weigel, $725 and $400, respectively, related to payments
	made on our behalf to maintain our regulatory filings with the State of Nevada. In May 2015, we paid Ingenium Accounting Associates
	$1,635 to settle the outstanding obligation as of December 31, 2014 as well as additional administrative expenses paid by Ingenium
	on our behalf through April 2015.


	 


	As of December 31, 2015, we owed Mr. Kersey
	$6,496 for administrative and travel expenses paid on our behalf. Mr. Kersey has agreed to defer repayment of these expenses until
	the Company’s cash resources significantly increase.


	 


	In November 2015, we acquired the QR claims
	and mining equipment with a total estimated fair value of $771,429 via the issuance of 6,000,000 shares of restricted and unregistered
	shares of common stock from Signal Mining and Exploration LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. William Jerome. Subsequent to the closing
	of the acquisition transaction, Mr. Jerome was elected to our Board of Directors.


	 



	NOTE 10.                      SUBSEQUENT
	EVENTS




	 



	In January 2016, the Company acquired additional mining equipment
	via the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of common stock for total consideration of $128,571.


	 


	The Company evaluated its subsequent events through June 3,
	2016, the date through which the financial statements were available to be issued.




	 


	 








	 


	F-

	19



	 









	 





	 






	PART II



	 



	INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS




	 







	Item
	13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution




	 


	The actual and estimated
	expenses in connection with this offering, all of which will be borne by us, are as follows:




	 


	 


	 


	 







	SEC Registration Fee



	 



	$



	 


	 





	Printing and Edgar Filing Expense



	 



	$



	 



	*






	Legal Fees



	 



	$



	 



	*






	Transfer Agent Fee



	 



	$




	500.00



	 





	Miscellaneous



	 



	$




	1,000.00



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Total



	 



	$



	 



	*






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	*


	     Estimated.






	 






	Item
	14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers




	 


	Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
	provides that a corporation may indemnify directors and officers as well as other employees and individuals against expenses including
	attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with various actions, suits or proceedings, whether
	civil, criminal, administrative or investigative other than an action by or in the right of the corporation, a derivative action,
	if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation,
	and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, if they had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful.
	A similar standard is applicable in the case of derivative actions, except that indemnification only extends to expenses including
	attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such actions, and the statute requires court approval
	before there can be any indemnification where the person seeking indemnification has been found liable to the corporation. The
	statute provides that it is not exclusive of other indemnification that may be granted by a corporation's Amended and Restated
	Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, a vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.


	 


	The Company’s Amended and Restated Articles
	of Incorporation provides that it will indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by Chapter 78 of the Nevada
	Revised Statutes, as amended from time to time, each person that such section grants us the power to indemnify.


	 


	The Nevada Revised Statutes permit a corporation
	to provide in its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation that a director of the corporation shall not be personally liable
	to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability for:


	 







	·




	any breach of the director's duty of loyalty
	to the corporation or its stockholders;










	·




	acts or omissions not in good faith or
	which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;










	·




	payments of unlawful dividends or unlawful
	stock repurchases or redemptions; or










	·




	any transaction from which the director
	derived an improper personal benefit.





	 


	The Company’s Amended and Restated Articles
	of Incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, none of our directors will be personally liable
	to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Any repeal or modification of this provision
	will be prospective only and will not adversely affect any limitation, right or protection of a director of our Company existing
	at the time of such repeal or modification.



	 






	Item
	15. Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities





	 



	No underwriters were involved in the issuance
	of the securities noted below. All of the securities issued below were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities
	Act in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The issuance of stock that was exempt under Section 4(a)(2) was a
	private offering to an accredited investor. Each of the investors represented to the Company that it (i) is an “accredited
	investor” as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (ii) is knowledgeable,
	sophisticated and experienced in making investment decisions of this kind, and (iii) has had adequate access to information about
	the Company.


	 


	The company maintains accredited investor
	questionnaires for each purchaser of unregistered securities from the Company.


	 


	In August 2013 we issued 10,000,000 shares
	of restricted and unregistered common stock to our affiliated founder at par value of $0.001 for total consideration of
	$10,000.


	 


	In March 2015, we issued 20,000,000 shares
	of restricted and unregistered common stock to affiliates at par value of $0.001 for Consulting Fees totaling
	$20,000.


	 


	In May 2015, we issued 30,000 shares of restricted
	and unregistered common stock to non-affiliates for total cash consideration of $6,000.


	 


	In May 2015, we issued 400,000 of restricted
	and unregistered shares of common stock to a non-affiliate to acquire mineral rights for total consideration of $80,000.


	 


	 






	 


	II-

	1



	 







	 




	 


	In May 2015, we issued 10,000 shares of restricted
	and unregistered common stock to non-affiliates for total cash consideration of $2,000.


	 


	In May 2015, we issued 100,000 shares of restricted
	and unregistered common stock to non-affiliates for total cash consideration of $10,000.


	 


	In November of 2015
	the Company issued 6,000,000 shares of restricted and unregistered common stock to an affiliate at $0.13 per share for
	the acquisition of the QR Claims 1-50 and mining equipment for total consideration of $771,429.


	 


	In January 2016, we acquired additional mining
	equipment via the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of common stock to a non-affiliate for total consideration of $128,571.


	 


	In January 2016, we issued 350,000 shares
	of restricted and unregistered common stock to non-affiliates at $0.13 for consulting fees totaling $45,000.


	 


	In January 2016, we issued 75,000 shares of
	restricted and unregistered common stock to affiliates at $0.13 for director fees totaling $9,643.



	 






	Item
	16. Index and exhibits




	 



	(A) Exhibits



	  










	Exhibit




	Number




	 




	Description







	3.1*



	 



	Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation






	3.2

	*


	 



	Amended and Restated Bylaws






	5.1

	*


	 



	Opinion of Patrick E. Ogle, Esq. with respect to legality of the securities, including consent






	10.1



	 



	Form of Stock Purchase Agreement






	10.2

	*


	 



	Lease Agreement






	23.1



	 



	Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
	– Michael Gillespie & Associates, PLLC






	23.2

	*


	 



	Consent of Patrick E. Ogle, Esq. (included with Exhibit 5.1)






	24.1

	*


	 



	Directors' Power of Attorney






	99.1

	*


	 



	Kibby Flats Claims Information






	99.2

	*


	 



	QR Claims Information






	99.3



	 



	QR Claims Drilling and Sampling Averages







	__________________



	* Previously filed.


	 


	 


	 








	 


	II-

	2



	 








	 




	 






	Item
	17. Undertakings




	 


	The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes:


	 


	(1) To file, during any period in which offers
	or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:


	 






	(i)


	To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933;




	 






	(ii)


	To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration
	statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental
	change in the information set forth in the registration statement; and




	 






	(iii)


	To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed
	in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement.




	 


	(2) That, for the purpose of determining any
	liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
	relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial
	bona fide offering thereof.


	 


	(3) To remove from registration by means of
	a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering.


	 




	(4) That, for the purpose of determining
	liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser:


	 




	(i) If the registrant
	is subject to Rule 430C (§230.430C of this chapter), each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration
	statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in
	reliance on Rule 430A (§230.430A of this chapter), shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement
	as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus
	that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration
	statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior
	to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of
	the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use.


	 


	(5) That, for the purpose of determining
	liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The
	undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration
	statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or
	sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser
	and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:


	 


	(i) Any preliminary
	prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 (§230.424
	of this chapter);


	 




	(ii) Any free writing
	prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned
	registrant;


	 


	(iii) The portion of any other free
	writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities
	provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and


	 


	(iv) Any other
	communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.


	 


	(b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
	arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to
	the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Commission such indemnification
	is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
	against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling
	person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or
	controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel
	the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification
	by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	II-

	3



	 









	 





	 






	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
	Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
	duly authorized, in the city of Reno, State of Nevada, on December 12, 2016.


	 




	 




	High Desert Holding Corp.






	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Mark A. Kersey





	 


	 



	Chief
	Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)





	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	/s/ Mark A. Kersey




	 


	 


	Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)




	 


	 


	 




	 


	 



	/s/
	Mark A. Kersey





	 


	 


	Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)





	 


	 


	 








	POWER
	OF ATTORNEY





	 



	Each person whose signature appears below constitutes
	and appoints Mark A. Kersey, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, each with full power of substitution and re-substitution,
	severally, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective
	amendments) to this registration statement on Form S-1, any subsequent registration statements pursuant to Rule 462 of the Securities
	Act of 1933, as amended, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the
	Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each
	and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he
	might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes,
	may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney may be executed in counterparts.


	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
	Act of 1933, this registration statement on Form S-1 has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
	indicated.


	 






	Signature




	 




	Title




	 




	Date






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	/s/ Mark
	A. Kersey




	Mark A. Kersey



	 



	Chief Executive Officer, and



	Chairman of the Board of Directors




	(Principal Executive Officer)




	 


	December 12, 2016




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	/s/ Mark A. Kersey




	 



	Chief Financial Officer



	 


	December 12, 2016





	Mark A. Kersey



	 



	(Principal Financial Officer)



	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	/s/ Mark A. Kersey



	 


	Chief Accounting Officer


	 


	December 12, 2016




	 

	Mark A. Kersey



	 



	(Principal Accounting Officer)



	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	/s/
	William E. Jerome




	William E. Jerome



	 



	Director



	 


	December 12, 2016




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	/s/
	Howard J. Dean




	Howard J. Dean



	 



	Director



	 


	December 12, 2016




	 




	 


	 


	 






	 


	II-

	4



	 

















	Exhibit 10.1


	 





	STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT



	This stock purchase
	agreement (this “

	Agreement

	”) is entered into by and between

	High Desert Holding Corp.

	, a Nevada corporation


	(“

	Issuer

	”), and the undersigned purchaser (“

	Purchaser

	”) as of the date of acceptance
	by the Issuer (the “

	Effective Date

	”). Each of Issuer and Purchaser may be referred to hereinafter as a “

	Party

	”
	or, collectively, as the “

	Parties

	”.


	RECITALS


	WHEREAS, Issuer
	has total authorized capital of Seventy Million (70,000,000) shares of common stock, $0.001 par value (“

	Common Stock

	”),
	and Five Million (5,000,000) shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value, its sole classes and series of authorized capital; and


	WHEREAS, Issuer
	desires to issue and sell to Purchaser certain shares of its Common Stock identified below where undersigned (the “

	Shares

	”)
	for the total purchase price set forth below where undersigned (the “

	Purchase Price

	”).


	NOW, THEREFORE,
	in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements herein contained, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the
	Parties agree as follows:


	1.             

	Recitals

	. The foregoing recitals are a material, substantive, and integral part of this Agreement and are enforceable as
	if hereinafter restated.


	2.             

	Purchase and Sale

	. Contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement, and subject to Issuer’s transfer agent
	protocols, Issuer shall issue, sell, convey, transfer, and deliver to Purchaser one or more stock certificates duly executed for
	the benefit of Purchaser, representing the entirety of the Shares.


	3.             

	Purchase Price

	. Contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Purchaser shall pay the Purchase Price in immediately
	available funds to Issuer as the sole monetary consideration for the Shares. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that failure of
	Purchaser to transmit, and Issuer to receive, the full amount of the Purchase Price in immediately available funds shall entitle
	Issuer to cancel the sale and transfer of the Shares in their entirety and return any portion of the Purchase Price received by
	Issuer, less any reasonable expenses incurred by Issuer in rescinding such sale and transfer.


	4.             

	Representations and Warranties of Issuer

	. Issuer hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser as of the Effective Date as
	follows:


	a.             

	Authority to Contract

	. Issuer has full legal power and authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under
	this Agreement, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of Issuer enforceable against it in accordance
	with its terms.


	b.             

	Other Agreements

	. Issuer is not a party to any agreement, written or oral, creating rights of any third party in respect
	of the Shares or relating to the voting of the Shares.






	 



	1




	Purchaser Initials: ________








	 






	c.             

	Status of Shares

	. Issuer is the lawful issuer and owner of the Shares, free and clear of all security interests, liens,
	encumbrances, and other charges.


	d.             

	Brokers

	. No broker, finder, or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s, or other fee or commission
	in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Issuer.


	5.             

	Representations and Warranties of Purchaser

	. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Issuer as of the Effective Date
	as follows:


	a.             

	Authority to Contract

	. Purchaser has full legal power and authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under
	this Agreement, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of Purchaser enforceable against it in accordance
	with its terms.


	b.             

	Due Diligence

	. In connection with the purchase of the Shares, Purchaser: (i) has been provided with the opportunity to conduct
	any and all due diligence requested or required by Purchaser concerning Issuer and its business, financial condition, and prospects
	as Purchaser has determined to be necessary; (ii) has had an opportunity to ask such questions and make such inquiries concerning
	Issuer, its business, its financial condition, and its prospects as Purchaser has deemed appropriate; and (iii) has received complete
	and satisfactory answers to such questions and inquiries.


	c.             

	Independent Legal Counsel

	. Purchaser has had a full and complete opportunity to consult with independent legal counsel or
	other advisers of its own choosing concerning the terms, enforceability, and implications of this Agreement, and Issuer has not
	made any representations or warranties to Purchaser concerning the terms, enforceability, or implications of this Agreement other
	than as reflected in this Agreement.


	d.             

	Source of Funds

	. The funds required to satisfy payment of the Purchase Price to Issuer, and the source or sources of all
	such funds, comply with all relevant anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including such United States statutes amended
	by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (P.L. 107-56, October 26, 2001) and the regulations administered by the United States Department
	of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control.


	e.             

	No Undisclosed Third Parties to Agreement

	. Purchaser is acting for itself as the sole purchaser of the Shares pursuant to
	this Agreement, and there are no undisclosed third parties to this Agreement.


	f.              

	Brokers

	. No broker, finder, or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s, or other fee or commission
	in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Purchaser.






	 



	2




	Purchaser Initials: ________








	 






	g.             

	Accredited Investor

	. Purchaser is either an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated under
	the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that Purchaser is
	capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Issuer Shares. Purchaser further represents that,
	by reason of its, or of its management’s, business and financial experience, Purchaser has the capacity to evaluate the merits
	and risks of its investment in the Shares and to protect its own interests in connection with the transactions contemplated in
	this Agreement. Purchaser’s financial condition is such that it is able to bear all economic risks of investment in the Shares,
	including a complete loss of its investment.


	h.             

	No General Solicitation

	. Purchaser is not purchasing the Shares as a result of any advertisement, article, notice, or other
	communication regarding the Shares, including from any: (i) publication in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media; (ii) broadcast
	over the internet, television, radio, or other medium; (iii) presentation at any seminar or other in-person event; or (iv) other
	general solicitation or general advertisement.


	i.              

	No Distribution of Shares

	. Purchaser is acquiring the Shares for investment purposes, with no intention of distributing
	or reselling any of the Shares or any interest therein. Purchaser does not presently have any contract, undertaking, agreement,
	or arrangement with any entity, organization, or individual to sell or transfer or grant participations in, the Shares to any such
	entity, organization, or individual.


	j.              

	No Market Pricing of Shares

	. Purchaser understands the terms of and risks associated with the acquisition of the Shares,
	including, without limitation, a lack of liquidity, price transparency, or pricing availability and the risks associated with the
	industry in which Issuer operates.


	6.             

	Further Instruments

	. Each Party agrees to execute and deliver such other and further instruments, and to do such other and
	further acts, as may be necessary or desirable to effect the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and carry out the intent
	and purpose of this Agreement.


	7.             

	Entire Agreement

	. This Agreement, together with any accompanying instruments and documents executed contemporaneously herewith,
	comprise the full and complete agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior communications,
	understandings, and agreements of the Parties, whether written or oral, expressed or implied, with respect the subject matter hereof.






	 



	3




	Purchaser Initials: ________








	 






	8.             

	Notices

	. All notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be sent to Issuer at 4755 Caughlin Parkway, Suite
	A, Reno, Nevada 89519, and to Purchaser at the address set forth where undersigned. All notices to be sent or delivered hereunder
	shall be deemed to be given or become effective for all purposes of this Agreement as follows: (i) if delivered in person, when
	given; (ii) if sent by mail, when received by the person to whom it is given, unless it is mailed by registered, certified or express
	mail, in which case it shall be deemed given or effective on the earlier of the date of receipt or refusal; and (iii) if sent by
	electronic mail, facsimile, or other form of electronic transmission, twelve (12) hours after the transmission with proof that
	it was sent to the correct electronic mail address, telephone number, or similar address, as the case may be.


	9.             

	Costs

	. Each Party agrees to pay its own costs, expenses, and attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with this Agreement,
	including in the event of any litigation arising out of this Agreement.


	10.           

	Opportunity to Review

	. The Parties acknowledge and agree that they have had a full and fair opportunity to review, comment,
	and make compromise revisions to this Agreement.


	11.           

	Choice of Law

	. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
	giving effect to the conflicts of laws principals thereof.


	12.           

	Jurisdiction and Venue

	. Each Party hereby submits to the jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located
	in Washoe County, Nevada, for purposes of any mediation, arbitration, or litigation related to this Agreement.


	13.           

	Waiver of Jury Trial

	. Each Party hereby waives trial by jury in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by any party
	hereto or any beneficiary hereof on any matter whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected with this Note.


	14.           

	Severability

	. Each provision of this Agreement is severable, and the unenforceability or invalidity of any provision of
	this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement; provided, however,
	that each Party shall use reasonable efforts to give effect to the economic or other intended purpose of any provision that is
	unenforceable or invalid.


	15.           

	Enforceability

	. This Agreement shall not be effective or enforceable until executed by each Party set forth below.


	16.           

	Counterparts

	. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed
	to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.


	17.           

	Electronic Signatures

	. This Agreement may be executed by original, facsimile, and electronic signatures, each of which when
	affixed shall be deemed to be an original that is enforceable against the executing Party.


	[Signature Page Follows]






	 



	4




	Purchaser Initials: ________








	 




	 








	Stock
	Purchase Agreement






	 






	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Purchaser
	has agreed to the foregoing terms and conditions of this Agreement.


	 






	Purchaser:


	____________________________


	Date:
	__________________




	 


	            (Name of Purchaser)


	 




	 


	 


	 




	By:


	____________________________


	 




	 


	(Signature of Authorized Person)


	 




	 


	 


	 




	Name:


	____________________________


	 




	 


	                (Type or Print)


	 




	 


	 


	 




	Title:


	____________________________


	 




	 


	                (Type or Print)


	 




	 


	 


	 




	Address:


	____________________________


	 




	 


	____________________________


	 




	 


	____________________________


	 




	 


	 


	 




	State of Residence or Entity Formation:


	____________________________




	 


	 


	 




	Social Security Number or Tax ID Number:


	____________________________




	 


	 


	 




	 


	Number of Shares*:     



	10,000                         





	 


	 


	 




	 


	Price Per Share:     



	$0.20                           





	 


	 


	 




	 


	Total Purchase Price:



	$2,000                         





	 


	 


	 





	 






	*


	All references to “Shares” herein are to the common stock, $0.001 par value, of

	High
	Desert Holding Corp.

	, a Nevada corporation.




	 




	 




	Agreed and accepted by Issuer:


	 








	By:


	____________________________


	Date:
	__________________




	 


	High Desert Holding Corp.


	 




	 


	 


	 




	Name:


	____________________________


	 




	 


	Mark A. Kersey


	 




	 


	 


	 




	Title:


	____________________________


	 




	 


	CEO and President


	 




	 


	 




	 


	 








	 



	5



















	Exhibit 23.1


	 


	MICHAEL GILLESPIE & ASSOCIATES, PLLC


	CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


	10544 ALTON AVE NE


	SEATTLE, WA 98125


	206.353.5736


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Consent of Independent Registered Public
	Accounting Firm



	 


	To the Board of Directors


	High Desert Holding Corp.


	 


	We hereby consent to the use of our report dated June 3, 2016 with
	respect to the financial statements of High Desert Holding Corp. as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the related statements of
	operations, shareholders’ equity/(deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended. We also consent to the reference to our
	firm under the caption “Experts” in the Registration Statement.


	 


	 


	Michael Gillespie & Associates, PLLC


	Seattle, Washington


	December 12, 2016


	 


	/S/ Michael Gillespie & Associates, PLLC




	 




	 











	Exhibit 99.3


	 




	QR Assay Average Summary


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	  


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Drilling


	 


	 


	Trenching


	 




	Assay Summary


	AU per ton


	 


	 


	AU per ton


	 


	AU per ton


	 




	Nov-87


	 


	1.9


	 


	2013


	0.018


	 


	5


	0.14


	0.7


	 




	Nov-87


	 


	1.9


	 


	2013


	0.034


	 


	5


	0.18


	0.9


	 




	Nov-87


	 


	4.5


	 


	1996


	0.03


	 


	1


	0.02


	0.1


	 




	Jan-88


	 


	0.44


	 


	2008


	0.03


	 


	1


	0.05


	0.25


	 




	Jan-88


	 


	0.81


	 


	97


	0.025


	 


	1


	0.047


	0.235


	 




	Dec-88


	 


	0.25


	 


	2006


	0.026


	 


	17


	0.057


	0.285


	 




	Dec-88


	 


	0.22


	 


	2006


	0.04


	 


	11


	0.0158


	0.079


	 




	Dec-88


	 


	0.21


	 


	 


	 


	 


	5


	0.08


	0.4


	 




	Dec-88


	 


	0.12


	 


	 


	 


	 


	8


	0.047


	0.235


	 




	Dec-88


	 


	0.17


	 


	 


	 


	 


	4


	0.047


	0.235


	 




	Dec-92


	 


	0.15


	 


	 


	 


	 


	4


	0.04


	0.2


	 




	Feb-93


	 


	0.02


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Feb-93


	 


	2.06


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Feb-93


	 


	0.22


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Apr-93


	 


	4.9


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Apr-93


	 


	2.1


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	May-93


	 


	1


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	May-93


	 


	0.097


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	May-93


	 


	0.4


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	May-93


	 


	1.05


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	May-93


	 


	0.37


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	May-93


	 


	0.38


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	May-93


	 


	0.16


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	May-93


	 


	0.15


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Samples


	 


	 


	Drilling average


	 


	Trenching Average


	 




	Average


	 


	0.98


	 


	 


	0.029


	 


	 


	0.058371


	3.619


	 




	 


	24 samples


	 


	 


	7 drill holes


	 


	62


	samples


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	23.52


	 


	 


	0.203


	 


	 


	 


	3.619


	 




	 


	 


	27.342


	overall sample oz.


	93


	total samples


	 


	0.294


	average





	 







