
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT Trademark of HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC. Serial Number: 85308836 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT










 
Get FREE email alerts













HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT  Trademark Information
 HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC
Financial asset management; Financial consulting; Financial planning; Investment advice




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   asset   management   financial   consulting   financial   planning   investment   advice    
                                    




This is a brand page for the HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT trademark by HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC 
                                in BELLEVUE, WA, 98004.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC of the HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT trademark.
                           


Status Update!
                          On Monday, July 24, 2017, status on the HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT trademark changed to CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        






On Friday, April 29, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT by 
                        HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC, BELLEVUE, WA  98004.
                        The USPTO has given the HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
                        trademark serial  number of  85308836.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT is 
                        
                        
                                            DAVID CHEN of 
                                            DWC LAW FIRM, P.S.,  PO BOX 3041, SEATTLE, WA 98114 
                                .
                            The HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
                            is Financial asset management; Financial consulting; Financial planning; Investment advice. 
                            





Word mark:
 HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

7/24/2017



  Serial Number:  
85308836


  Filing Date:  
4/29/2011


 Registration Number:  
4152859 


 Registration Date:  
6/5/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Financial asset management; Financial consulting; Financial planning; Investment advice


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/20/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLCBELLEVUE, WA  98004
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT")


 Correspondent:


DAVID CHEN
DWC LAW FIRM, P.S.
PO BOX 3041
SEATTLE, WA 98114






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/1/2011


First Use In Commerce: 
4/1/2011





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/24/2017
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DAVID CHEN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search highlandprivatewealt on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MAN... 




HIGHLAND PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT is providing Financial asset management; Financial consulting; Financial planning; Investment advice.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Highland Private Wealth Management Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























highland private wealth management inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Highland Private Wealth Management Inc provides investment advisory services. The Company offers investment management, financial planning, and other consulting services. Highland Private Wealth Management serves its clients in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

305 108th Avenue Northeast
Suite 102
Bellevue, WA 98004
United States


Phone:
1-425-739-6500


Fax:
1-425-739-6590


Web url:
www.highlandprivate.com























From The Web











Key Executives


John Christianson


CEO/Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Highland Private Wealth Management | Wealthminder











































Highland Private Wealth Management


Highland Private Wealth Management
(CRD# 109532) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Bellevue, WA.
They
manage $451,211,105 in 645 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 3 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Highland Private Wealth Management




305 108th Ave Ne Ste. 102,
Bellevue,
WA
98004
425-739-6500
http://www.highlandprivate.com




http://www.highlandprivate.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

451
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

645
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$699,552







Compensation Options




Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, LA, WA






Financial Advisors at Highland Private Wealth Management




Showing 1 - 7 of 7 top financial advisors.





1















John C. Christianson



CRD#:
1440213



305 108th Ave Ne, Suite 102,
Bellevue,
WA
98004




96

Wealthminder
score








John Christianson (CRD# 1440213) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Highland Private Wealth Management in Bellevue, WA and has 
over 31 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Benjamin R. Johnson



CRD#:
2537671



305 108th Ave Ne Ste. 102,
Bellevue,
WA
98004




96

Wealthminder
score








Benjamin Johnson (CRD# 2537671) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Highland Private Wealth Management in Bellevue, WA and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Benjamin Johnson has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






3















Colleen T. Kroeger



CRD#:
4719827



305 108th Ave Ne Ste. 102,
Bellevue,
WA
98004




90

Wealthminder
score








Colleen Kroeger (CRD# 4719827) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Highland Private Wealth Management in Bellevue, WA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Jeffrey W. Edgbert



CRD#:
5908077



305 108th Ave Ne Ste. 102,
Bellevue,
WA
98004




89

Wealthminder
score








Jeffrey Edgbert (CRD# 5908077) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Highland Private Wealth Management in Bellevue, WA and has 
over 4 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Trevor M. Christianson



CRD#:
6444388



305 108th Ave Ne Ste. 102,
Bellevue,
WA
98004




87

Wealthminder
score








Trevor Christianson (CRD# 6444388) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Highland Private Wealth Management in Bellevue, WA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






6















Jessica M. Fox



CRD#:
6569573



305 108th Ave Ne Ste. 102,
Bellevue,
WA
98004




87

Wealthminder
score








Jessica Fox (CRD# 6569573) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Highland Private Wealth Management in Bellevue, WA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






7















Michael R. Greene



CRD#:
6541680



305 108th Ave Ne Ste. 102,
Bellevue,
WA
98004




87

Wealthminder
score








Michael Greene (CRD# 6541680) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Highland Private Wealth Management in Bellevue, WA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















	Investments and Tax Planning























































Investment Management






Services > Wealth Management > Individual  > Investments











Secure Your Financial Future


Your goals are unique. Whether it’s important for you to build, manage, and transition your wealth to younger generations, explore charitable giving and other ways to create a legacy, or live a life full of rich experiences and travels, we can work with you to create a comprehensive wealth management strategy that’s aligned with your personal goals—today and in the future.
Moss Adams has vast expertise understanding and helping families with complex planning needs. We can work with you to understand your key retirement objectives as well as other goals and tie in a tax and investment approach tailored to meet your needs. Together, we establish a thoughtful and thorough plan that can help you live the life you envision.
If you’re a business owner, your personal, business, and investment plans should be developed and reviewed through one comprehensive lens. Your personal and business goals and challenges are intricately tied and often rely on your readiness to respond to the unexpected. We can work closely with you to establish the right structure, deal with personal transitions, and help you establish, grow, or eventually transition your business.
Based on your goals and priorities, we’ll recommend concrete strategies and steps you can take to grow and manage your wealth. Contact us to discover how we can help you be better equipped to secure your financial future, both in business and in retirement.


Wealth management services provided by Moss Adams Wealth Advisors LLC.












            
              Primary Contact
            
          












Justin  Fisher 
Principal







justin.fisher@mossadams.com











(253) 284-5267





 





Contact








×









Contact Us







 

Thank you. Your contact request has been received. We will be in touch soon.










Justin  Fisher 
Principal







justin.fisher@mossadams.com











(253) 284-5267














































Assessment Tools - Highland Private
























































































 




































 





Assessment Tools












Valuable tools to help you diagnose needs and better understand where you want to go.

 




Ideal Outcomes Conversation


One Meaningful Conversation Can Change Your LifeHow often do you let your daily life and your meetings and your conversations go on auto pilot; just letting them happen, not “really” expecting anything from them, and also not fully showing up, holding something back, and limiting your full participation, not really saying what you wish you could? ......


Wealth Clarity Diagnostic


The Antidote for Enemy #1: Financial ComplexityThere is a simple truth about wealth that we would all do well to remember: Complexity is the biggest enemy of the affluent. My last few posts describe the journey from success to significance and why so many wealth creators don’t get there — not for lack of trying.  The......


Core Values Index


Core Values: Practicing What We PreachAs a person who puts a premium on personal growth and development, defining the essence of Highland’s core values has been a significant process for my team and me over the years. In the early days, we developed a core values statement filled with the kinds of emotionless words that......


My Life Story


Confessions of a Recovering PerfectionistFailure and success are thought of as opposites, one being clearly good the other clearly bad. A more helpful way to view them might be as byproducts of each other. Here’s another way to put it:  The most important component of success is failure. Like most business leaders, I want......


 





































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































About Highland - Highland Private
























































































 




































 





About Highland












Highland is a financial life management firm that provides wealth counsel, exceptional investment advice, and financial planning and execution.

  




Founded in 1999, we specialize in advising executives, professionals, business owners, wealth beneficiaries, and other high net worth individuals who want a thoughtful approach to integrating their life and money.

 




Our greatest asset is in helping people understand where they are in the Wealth Life Cycle™ and then customizing services to meet those needs. By taking a mindful approach to managing our client’s assets, we provide financial guidance so our clients and their families find clarity, reduce complexity, and live inspired lives doing what they love.

 




At Highland, we view our clients as more than just their money, which allows us to build deep, enduring, and trusted partnerships with them. We pride ourselves on an intimate, boutique atmosphere that offers a rare combination of sophisticated financial advice with a mandate for client care.

 



Visit The Wealth Clarity Blog  


 



Are you ready to invest in a life fully lived? Let us know how we can help.Contact Highland 

































Alternatives - Highland Private
























































































 




































 





Alternatives












Nontraditional investments in areas such as direct real estate, private equity, and hedge funds.

 




How much money do I need to invest?




New content is being prepared to address this topic. Visit The Wealth Clarity Blog for our views on achieving a life of security and significance.
 
The Wealth Clarity Blog




Is outperformance worth the added complexity?


Five Investment “Pearls of Wisdom”David Swensen, the brain behind the well-chronicled success of the Yale Endowment investment portfolio, pioneered an approach that pushed the boundaries of traditional portfolio management.  By adding large concentrations of illiquid assets (real estate, private equity, hedge funds) to the traditional liquid portfolio, he produced excellent results, especially during the tech......


Definition: Real Estate, Private Equity, Hedge Funds





Reviews versus Recommendations




New content is being prepared to address this topic. Visit The Wealth Clarity Blog for our views on achieving a life of security and significance.
 
The Wealth Clarity Blog




Due Diligence Requirements




New content is being prepared to address this topic. Visit The Wealth Clarity Blog for our views on achieving a life of security and significance.
 
The Wealth Clarity Blog




Reporting and Tax Needs


Getting Ready For Higher TaxesBelow is a summary of a helpful tax missive from our friends at Kovarik and Kim CPAs detailing many of the anticipated tax changes coming our way at the end of this year.  You might remember that the Bush-era tax cuts will be expiring on 12/31 if Congress doesn’t act before......


 






Are you ready to invest in a life fully lived? Let us know how we can help.Contact Highland 

































Wealth Management Services - Highland Private































































































 







































Invest in a Life Fully Lived
At Highland, we take pride in integrating wealth with personal life goals so our clients and their families can Live Fully™.
View Our Services

 


Is Highland right for me?

 



Focus

 




We specialize in providing financial life management to current and future high net worth individuals and their families.

 




Learn More

 



Flexibility

 




What you need from an advisory standpoint changes as your wealth builds and your relationship with money evolves.

 




Learn More

 



Differentiators

 




We price using a retainer versus traditional assets under management approach because it better aligns services to what you value. No one size fits all here!

 




Learn More

 


Learn More

 


Learn More

 


Learn More

 


Get Results

 


Our leadership ability and broad understanding of your wealth needs allow us to hit the ground running and deliver results right away.
 
Are you ready to invest in a life fully lived? Let us know how we can help.

 

Your Name*


First



Last



  











This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.



Wealth Clarity Blog










 

Hope for the Divided Soul of America
“Only 1428 more days!” “I’m so sick about the outcome of the election that I’ve been depressed, and experienced body rash and pain.” “It’s time to move to Canada and…









 

Being the Change: How to Make Our Communities Better
This 2010 conversation with a long-term client about changing his community seems especially helpful today so we've reprinted it here: Mark, what makes “changing your community” so important to you?  Should…











Impact Investing: Is it Right for You?
Highland pays close attention to impact investing, which is the practice of buying into companies and funds that aim to make positive social and environmental change. This investment strategy of…











View More Articles

  





(425) 739-6500 • info@highlandprivate.com
305 108th Ave NE, Suite 102 • Bellevue WA 98004

Client Login
Disclosure

 





































Trusted Advisor - Highland Private
























































































 




































 





Trusted Advisor












Selecting the right financial partner so you can move forward in your life with clarity, confidence, and peace of mind.

 




Fiduciary


Quantifying the Value-Add of Wealth ManagersAre Wealth Managers Worth It? With all of the low-fee, index funds and exchange traded funds available to investors, the question is worth asking. The short answer is, it depends. Research shows that good wealth managers actually produce measurably higher returns. Vanguard recently addressed the topic in this white paper,......


Conflicts of Interest


3 Reasons Business Leaders Don’t Trust Their Wealth ManagerIt’s interesting how often business leaders struggle to fully trust the manager and advisor of their wealth – the person overseeing and guiding most, if not all, of their financial details. Like anything, there are differing degrees of relational impact caused by trust issues, but the three main culprits of......


Fee Structure


Wealth Management Fees Can Be Worth ItNo matter what the service (e.g. legal, accounting, investment management, banking), we are typically comfortable paying fees if our expectations of the service experience create value for our life. Wealth management is no different, except in one key area: it’s critical that you understand not only the services you are......


Independence





Experience and Focus


Our Vacation ProblemJust after Labor Day, The New York Times spotlighted a survey that found that 40 percent of American employees fail to use all of their paid vacation time, opening up a discussion among experts about some causes and solutions. As some suggested, our work ethic is part of our culture......


Candid, Fierce Conversations


President Obama:  Do You Want to Grab Coffee?President Obama, I understand that you are in Bellevue right now–just down the street–and I was wondering if you wanted to drop by our office for coffee?  If you are too busy I understand; however, if we did have coffee today, this is what I would want to say to you.......


 






































Wealth Management Services - Highland Private































































































 







































Invest in a Life Fully Lived
At Highland, we take pride in integrating wealth with personal life goals so our clients and their families can Live Fully™.
View Our Services

 


Is Highland right for me?

 



Focus

 




We specialize in providing financial life management to current and future high net worth individuals and their families.

 




Learn More

 



Flexibility

 




What you need from an advisory standpoint changes as your wealth builds and your relationship with money evolves.

 




Learn More

 



Differentiators

 




We price using a retainer versus traditional assets under management approach because it better aligns services to what you value. No one size fits all here!

 




Learn More

 


Learn More

 


Learn More

 


Learn More

 


Get Results

 


Our leadership ability and broad understanding of your wealth needs allow us to hit the ground running and deliver results right away.
 
Are you ready to invest in a life fully lived? Let us know how we can help.

 

Your Name*


First



Last



  











This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.



Wealth Clarity Blog










 

Hope for the Divided Soul of America
“Only 1428 more days!” “I’m so sick about the outcome of the election that I’ve been depressed, and experienced body rash and pain.” “It’s time to move to Canada and…









 

Being the Change: How to Make Our Communities Better
This 2010 conversation with a long-term client about changing his community seems especially helpful today so we've reprinted it here: Mark, what makes “changing your community” so important to you?  Should…











Impact Investing: Is it Right for You?
Highland pays close attention to impact investing, which is the practice of buying into companies and funds that aim to make positive social and environmental change. This investment strategy of…











View More Articles

  





(425) 739-6500 • info@highlandprivate.com
305 108th Ave NE, Suite 102 • Bellevue WA 98004

Client Login
Disclosure

 


































 



Our financial services in your country | UBS United States
















































                Site title
            



                Site content
            





UBS
United States




Service navigation





United States


Please select your country of domicile

Global homepage




Europe





Austria
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Iceland


Italy
Jersey
Monaco
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway


Russia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom



More branches and offices in Europe




North America





Canada







United States




Asia Pacific





Australia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia


Japan
Korea
Malaysia
New Zealand


Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand



More branches and offices in Asia Pacific




Middle East & Africa





Bahrain
Israel
Lebanon


Qatar
Saudi Arabia


South Africa
United Arab Emirates



More branches and offices in Middle East Africa




Latin America & Caribbean





Bahamas
Brazil


Chile
Colombia


Mexico
Panama



More branches and offices in Latin America & Caribbean






Contact


Find a Financial AdvisorReport MisconductOffices and contacts in the USAContact via email and phone





Global search


Search



Account login
Account login

Individuals

Online Services (US Client Account Access)UBS Private Bank Account LoginUBS One Source (Corporate Stock Plans)Benefits of EnrollingEnroll Now


Corporate & Institutions

Investment Bank Client PortalUBS Neo



More logins























pause







promotion 1




promotion 2




promotion 3




promotion 4




promotion 5




promotion 6




promotion 7














UBS financial results
Second quarter 2017





Access reports and webcast






















Retiring old clichés
The new UBS Investor Watch





Explore insights
















What happens when you focus on clients?
UBS named "Best Bank for WealthManagement" for 2017





Find out more
















See further
2017 CIO Global Forum:Innovation, transformationand opportunity





Explore the insights
















How could a transforming world impact you?
Position your portfolio for the global trends ahead





16 new investment themes
















Asking life’s questions
What will I be doing in 30 years?


Later life is changing. As time goes by, you might need to reconsider your plan.





Find out more





















Latest Group news:





UBS's second-quarter 2017 resultsUBS's second-quarter 2017 results
+++

















Scroll







Global capabilities



















Wealth Management




UBS offers high net worth and affluent individuals around the world a complete range of tailored advice and investment services. 






					
				
			



    Wealth Management Americas
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Wealth Management (global)
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Asset Management




UBS offers investment capabilities across traditional and alternative asset classes for private clients, intermediaries and institutional investors.






					
				
			



    Asset Management (US)
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Asset Management (global)
    


			
			
				
				
				








































  UBS Investment Bank provides corporate, institutional, and wealth management clients with expert advice, innovative financial solutions, outstanding execution and comprehensive access to the world's capital markets. It offers investment banking and capital markets, research, equities, foreign exchange, precious metals and tailored fixed income services in rates and credit through its two business units, Corporate Client Solutions and Investor Client Services. The Investment Bank is an active participant in capital markets flow activities, including sales, trading and market-making across a range of securities. 


























Investment Bank




UBS provides advisory services, research, and access to global capital markets to corporate and institutional clients. 






					
				
			



    Investment Bank overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo login
    


			
			
				
				
				





















Scroll


Back to top







Solutions for individual investors



















Advice. Beyond investing.




Wealth Management Americas
UBS Financial Advisors deliver what you need most today: advice and solutions that help you pursue all of life’s goals.






					
				
			



    Our solutions
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our Financial Advisors
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Research and analysis
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Private Wealth Management
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Other global capabilities






Investment Banking
Securities products, research, advisory services and access to global capital markets.






					
				
			



    Overview
    


			
			
				
				
				














  






Asset Management
Investment solutions built upon a heritage of tactical asset allocation and active investing.






					
				
			



    Overview
    


			
			
				
				
				






















  The products, services, information and/or materials contained within these web pages may not be available for residents of certain jurisdictions. Please consult the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for 
 further information. 
 























Contact us












    Find a branch
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Find a Financial Advisor
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Call or email us
    


			
			
				
				
				








    View FINRA BrokerCheck information
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Account Logins 






					
				
			



    Online Services
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Private Bank e-Banking
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS OneSource (Corporate Stock Plans)
    


			
			
				
				
				









































Scroll


Back to top







Services for corporations and institutions


















Meeting clients’ complex and specialized needs




Through its investment banking, asset management and wealth management businesses, UBS in the US provides a wide variety of services and solutions for companies, institutions, governments, hedge funds and financial intermediaries, such as banks and brokers, as well as for their senior executives.  









Contact us












    Find an office
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Call or email us
    


			
			
				
				
				









Upcoming conferences




UBS conferences provide a variety of opportunities for investors. 






					
				
			



    More information
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Investment Banking








					
				
			



    Corporations
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Institutions
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Hedge funds
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Governments
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Bankers, brokers, client advisors
    


			
			
				
				
				













Wealth Management








					
				
			



    Equity compensation plans
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Employee retirement plans
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Pensions, endowments, foundations
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Hedge fund managers
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Services for corporate executives 
    


			
			
				
				
				













Asset Management








					
				
			



    Institutional investors
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Account logins






					
				
			



    Client Portal (Investment Bank)
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo
    


			
			
				
				
				


























  The products, services, information and/or materials contained within these web pages may not be available for residents of certain jurisdictions. Please consult the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for 
 further information. 
 
































Scroll


Back to top







Research and analysis



















Wealth Management Americas Research








					
				
			



    Overview 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS House View
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Investor Watch 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Wealth Planning Insights
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Investment Bank Securities Research








					
				
			



    Overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Client portal login
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo login
    


			
			
				
				
				



























Asset Management Research








					
				
			



    Latest research and views
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Investment Insights 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Real estate research
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Multi-asset white papers 
    


			
			
				
				
				





















Scroll


Back to top







Daily podcasts


















Investing
 




CIO Wealth Management Americas Research experts — bond, equity and investment strategists, economic & policy analysts and others — talk about critical investment issues. 






					
				
			



    Listen to Top of the Morning
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Subscribe
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Markets
 




Hear insights and color from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange with UBS’s own Art Cashin.






					
				
			



    Watch Art Cashin 
    


			
			
				
				
				



















A Minute with Mike Ryan




Our Chief Investment Officer Americas, UBS Wealth Management, believes accelerated global earnings growth will be supportive of global equities. 






					
				
			



    Watch Mike Ryan
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Follow @UBS 










    #ArtCashin
    


			
			
				
				
				








    #UBSPodcast
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Scroll


Back to top







Investor sentiment































What’s on the minds of investors? Find out.




Every quarter, UBS Investor Watch closely examines issues investors like you face as you plan for your future. Use these insights to inform your decisions so you can feel confident about achieving your goals. 






					
				
			



    Retiring old clichés: Bucking convention, retirees find happiness and seek growth
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Additional reports on the new administration, generational ties, long-term care and more
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Contact us












    Find a branch
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Find a Financial Advisor
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Call or email us
    


			
			
				
				
				








    View FINRA BrokerCheck information
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Highlights




Media releases 






					
				
			



    1Q 2016
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    4Q 2015
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    3Q 2015
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    2Q 2015
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    4Q 2014
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    3Q 2014
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    2Q 2014  
    


			
			
				
				
				

























Scroll


Back to top







Our firm
Global financial advice and expertise that matters.



















Individuals around the world look to UBS to provide them with the advice, expertise and opportunities they need to protect and grow their wealth.
Leading companies and institutions in more than 50 countries rely on our financial resources, expertise and infrastructure to help them grow their businesses, manage their risks and invest for the future. In Switzerland, we fulfill every kind of banking and investment need, from savings and credit cards to mergers and acquisitions.
See how our unique global presence and capabilities can help you achieve your financial goals. 















Who we are








					
				
			



    UBS in a few words
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS in a few figures
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our employees
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Corporate governance
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our history
    


			
			
				
				
				













What we do








					
				
			



    About us
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our strategy
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our clients and businesses
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS and Society
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Sponsorship engagements
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Contact us












    Contact form
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Contacts and offices worldwide
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Main offices
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Corporate information








					
				
			



    Careers
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Media
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Investor Relations
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Community Affairs 
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Contemporary art




Good contemporary art reflects and influences trends in society, and at times might even suggest the future. We share a passion for contemporary art with many of our clients.






					
				
			



    Engagements in art
    


			
			
				
				
				









































Scroll


Back to top







News and Media Relations































Media Relations








					
				
			



    Media (Americas)
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Media (global)
    


			
			
				
				
				













News and services












    UBS News alert
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Corporate calendar
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS calendar reminder
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS RSS feeds
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Latest news and media releases














                                                28 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    06:00
                                                



UBS's second-quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    15:45
                                                



Update Invitation Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    11:30
                                                



54 works by Lucian Freud from the UBS Art Collection to be presented in Berlin





                                                20 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    18:00
                                                



New UBS Investor Watch report delves into the perceptions and realities of modern  retirement and dispels myths





                                                14 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    11:00
                                                



Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                13 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    05:30
                                                



UBS Asset Management granted Private Fund Management license in China













					
				
			



    More media releases
    


			
			
				
				
				




































Contact us




UBS Corporate Communications - Americas
1 212-882-5857 (phone) 1 212-882-5728 (fax)










    Spokespeople
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Contact form
    


			
			
				
				
				



















UBS in social media




Follow our official social media presences for a quick and easy way to receive the latest UBS news.










    UBS on Twitter
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on Facebook
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on LinkedIn
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on Google+
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Complete list of social media channels
    


			
			
				
				
				



















































Scroll


Back to top







Investor Relations
















Financial reporting








					
				
			



    Quarterly reports
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Annual reports
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    SEC filing and other disclosures
    


			
			
				
				
				













Investor information








					
				
			



    Shareholder information
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Bondholder information
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Corporate information








					
				
			



    Corporate governance 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Board of Directors
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Group Executive Board
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Organization
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Regulations & principles 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Risk management & control 
    


			
			
				
				
				













Events and presentations








					
				
			



    Corporate calendar
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    General meeting of shareholders
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Presentations
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Ad hoc releases for investors














                                                28 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    06:00
                                                



UBS's second-quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    15:45
                                                



Update Invitation Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                07 Jun 2017
                                                
                                                    10:57
                                                



UBS to present at the Goldman Sachs European Financials Conference













					
				
			



    More ad hoc releases  
    


			
			
				
				
				






















Contact us












    Investor Relations team
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Investor services 
    


			
			
				
				
				






























































UBS share price
UBS Group N
16.9 CHF  -0.5 (-2.87%)
Zurich    
            28 Jul 2017  17:32

17.47 USD  -0.51 (-2.84%)
New York    
            28 Jul 2017  11:36





















Scroll


Back to top







Community Affairs and Corporate Responsibility




















Today‘s philanthropic landscape is evolving more rapidly than ever before, and the need for strong corporate citizens has never been greater. At UBS, we understand this and are committed to establishing strong partnerships and initiatives to tackle the opportunities ahead. It starts with a simple belief that every dollar and volunteer hour matters. With that in mind, we have a clear vision for the future – to help build stronger communities where everyone has the opportunity to fulfill their potential and achieve financial independence.  UBS Community Affairs & Corporate Responsibility, Americas is dedicated to providing under-resourced, high-potential individuals with access, advice and education to help develop more enterprising communities. This is achieved through our three signature philanthropic initiatives:






					
				
			



    UBS Elevating Entrepreneurs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS NextGen Leaders
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Community Corps
    


			
			
				
				
				


























Scroll


Back to top







Careers
Discover your opportunities


















Why UBS?




UBS fosters a development and learning culture that creates opportunities for every employee to grow as an individual and provides a platform to empower them professionally. Despite the size and scope of the organization, you'll see that you work for a firm that values you as an individual.






					
				
			



    Why UBS?
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Meet our people
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS careers blog
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Professionals




Already working and looking to take the next step? Move your career forward in our high-performance environment.






					
				
			



    Search open roles
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Career website
    


			
			
				
				
				













Students, graduates and MBAs




Looking for an ideal place to begin your career? Explore our world of opportunities for university students and recent graduates including MBAs.






					
				
			



    Graduate Talent Programs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    MBA programs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Internships
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Events
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Search and apply








					
				
			



    Professionals
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Students, graduates and MBAs
    


			
			
				
				
				



















UBS in social media












    UBS Careers on Facebook
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on Twitter
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on LinkedIn
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on Google+
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on YouTube
    


			
			
				
				
				





















































  




Life by Design™ Coaching - Highland Private
























































































 




































 





Life by Design™ Coaching












Executive coaching services that help you get unstuck and move you towards a purpose-driven life.

 




Work-Life Integration


A Three-Day Work Week?Billionaire Carlos Slim Helu, the second richest man in the world behind Bill Gates, made headlines last month at a conference in Paraguay when he advocated the standardization of a three-day work week. The Mexican telecom magnate proposed lengthening work days to 10-11 hours, but taking four days off every......


Meaning and Purpose in Work


Hello Someday: A New Book to Inspire and Celebrate Your RetirementHighland is pleased to announce a collaboration between our CEO John Christianson and acclaimed lifestyle author Kobi Yamada on Hello Someday, a new book to inspire and celebrate your retirement. Whether you are retiring or moving into a new phase after a significant wealth event, Hello Someday is a great resource......


Life Fully Lived


Are You a Self-Aware Business Leader?The challenge of living fully is that it requires more than simply changing your behavior. It demands that you question your values, think about the quality of your relationships, and have the courage to confront your doubts and fears. The mindfulness required to live fully, and the importance of taking......


Decision Points and Life Transitions


Hello Someday: A New Book to Inspire and Celebrate Your RetirementHighland is pleased to announce a collaboration between our CEO John Christianson and acclaimed lifestyle author Kobi Yamada on Hello Someday, a new book to inspire and celebrate your retirement. Whether you are retiring or moving into a new phase after a significant wealth event, Hello Someday is a great resource......


 



































