










 





 SECGems: Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
1













	 
	
	 C/O STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO
	 
	  TWO INTERNATIONAL PLACE 5TH FLOOR
	
	   BOSTON, 
	   MA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   2126483063    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-10-24Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001688290
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
Std. Industrial Class.
6189 ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES






 








db
 
 











































 SECGems:

Form ABS-15G 
	
		
		Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP
		
	

	

   


	0000914121-16-001593 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP 

					ABS-15G
				

					  0000914121-16-001593 
				


				Asset-Backed Securitizer report : section 15 










 
							filing date 
						


Oct. 24, 2016

 
							period ending 
						


Oct. 24, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


Oct. 24, 2016




						accession number
					
 
						
						  0000914121-16-001593
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  ABS-15G
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  4
						
					

						depositor cik
					


 
								0001013611 
							


						abs rule
					
 
						
						  RULE-15GA2
						
					

						securitizer file number
					


 
								025-00709 
							


						registered entity
					
 
						
						  N
						
					

						abs asset class
					
 
						
						  Commercial mortgages
						
					

						securitizer cik
					


 
								0001013611 
							


						issuing entity cik
					


 
								0001688290 
							


						issuing entity name
					
 
						
						  Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP
						
					

							items descs
						

								2.01 Financial: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
							







Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					FORM ABS-15G
 	  				
				


ABS-15G


1


 hi20161024-abs15g.htm





 
					
 	  					AGREED-UPON PROCEDURES REPORT
 	  				
				


EX-1


2


 hi20161024-ex1.htm





 
					
 	  					GRAPHIC
 	  				
				


GRAPHIC


3


 ey.jpg





 
					
 	  					GRAPHIC
 	  				
				


GRAPHIC


4


 image0.jpg







 









Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP
 Cik: 0001688290
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 C/O STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO
	 
	  TWO INTERNATIONAL PLACE 5TH FLOOR
	
	   BOSTON, 
	   MA, 
	   02110
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

6189 -Asset-Backed Securities





			USA 
		
		[ DE ] 
1231



	 
	
	 60 WALL STREET
	 
	
	
	   NEW YORK, 
	   NY, 
	   10260-0066
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeABS-15G
actDF
file number025-03004
film number161948756






















































 























	Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to Eight CMBS Classes of Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP





































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page






















Email Research
Recipient email addresses will not be used in mailing lists or redistributed.







 

Recipient'sEmail



Use semicolon to separate each address, limit to 20 addresses.




Enter thecharacters you see




Can't read?  Try a new set








Send


Cancel






















Email Research
Thank you for your interest in sharing Moody's Research. You have reached the daily limit of  Research email sharings.


OK










Thank you!
You have successfully sent the research.
				Please note: some research requires a paid subscription in order to access.


OK


























                                    Export PDF
                                







                                    Export CSV
                                







                                    Email
                                





                                    Print
                                






























Related Issuers













Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP











        Related Research
    






Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to Eight CMBS Classes of Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP





SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws: Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS - Single Borrower/Large Loan v1.0





SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws: Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP Deal v1.0 Compared To CMBS - Single Borrower/Large Loan v1.0





Excel Data Supplement: Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP-CF





Pre-Sale Report: Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates: Pre-Sale - Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP












Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to Eight CMBS Classes of Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP






                    Global Credit Research - 01 Nov 2016
                







Approximately $725.0 million of Structured Securities Affected


New York, November 01, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service has assigned provisional ratings to eight classes 
of CMBS securities, issued by Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP, 
Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-SFP:




Cl. A, Assigned (P)Aaa (sf)


Cl. X-CP*, Assigned (P)A2 (sf)


Cl. X-E*, Assigned (P)B3 (sf)


Cl. B, Assigned (P)Aa3 (sf)


Cl. C, Assigned (P)A3 (sf)


Cl. D, Assigned (P)Baa3 (sf)


Cl. E, Assigned (P)Ba3 (sf)


Cl. F, Assigned (P)B3 (sf)




* Reflects interest-only classes




RATINGS RATIONALE




The Certificates are collateralized by a single loan backed by a first 
lien commercial mortgage related to two adjacent full-service hotels, 
the Hilton San Francisco Union Square ("Hilton Union Square") 
and the Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco ("Parc 55" and collectively, 
the "Properties"). The ratings are based on the collateral 
and the structure of the transaction.




The Hilton Union Square is a full-service hotel built in 1964 and 
features four interconnected buildings, known as Tower 1, 
2, and 3 and the Plaza Building. The Hilton Union Square 
is one of the largest hotels on the West Coast of the United States with 
1,919 rooms and occupies an entire city block. The property 
offers approximately 130,000 SF of meeting space, a 16th floor 
swimming pool, fitness center, business center with on-site 
Federal Express office, 505 parking spaces, four food & 
beverage outlets and substantial banquet and catering operations.




The food and beverage outlets include the 250-seat Urban Tavern, 
a full-service restaurant that also has a private dining option, 
Herb N' Kitchen, a grab-and-go market located 
in the lobby, the spacious lobby lounge, and the 46th floor 
lounge known as CityScape. The Property's 130,000 SF 
of meeting space includes three ballrooms, one of which, at 
nearly 30,000 SF, occupies an entire floor of the Property. 
Hilton Union Square has the most meeting space of any hotel in the market. 
As of August 31, 2016, the Hilton Union Square reported 88.4% 
occupancy with a $260.04 ADR resulting in a $229.82 
RevPAR.




The Parc 55 is a full-service hotel built in 1984, is located 
adjacent to the Hilton Union Square and was acquired by Hilton from Blackstone 
in February 2015. Parc 55 provides 1,024 rooms occupying 
almost an entire city block, and offers approximately 27,565 
SF of meeting space, fitness center, business center with 
on-site Federal Express office, a leased parking garage and 
three food & beverage options. The food and beverage outlets 
include the 208-seat Cable 55 Restaurant & Lounge, a 
three meal restaurant offering classic American dishes, Kin Khao, 
a Michelin Star rated restaurant serving Thai food, and Barbary 
Coast, a coffee shop that serves breakfast and lunch. As 
of August 31, 2016 the Parc 55 reported 88.3% occupancy 
with a $253.61 ADR resulting in a $223.99 
RevPAR.




The adjacent Properties are located in San Francisco CBD, approximately 
one block southwest of Union Square and one block north of Market Street. 
The Properties are within walking distance to Union Square, Nob 
Hill, Chinatown, the Theater District, the Powell-Mason 
Cable Car line as well as numerous high-end department stores and 
retail shops. The Properties are approximately one half mile from 
Moscone Convention Center, a three-building conference venue 
covering more than 20 acres and offering over 700,000 square feet 
of exhibit space.




Moody's approach to rating this transaction involved the application 
of both our Large Loan and Single Asset/Single Borrower CMBS methodology 
and our IO Rating methodology. The rating approach for securities 
backed by a single loan compares the credit risk inherent in the underlying 
collateral with the credit protection offered by the structure. 
The structure's credit enhancement is quantified by the maximum deterioration 
in property value that the securities are able to withstand under various 
stress scenarios without causing an increase in the expected loss for 
various rating levels. In assigning single borrower ratings, 
we also consider a range of qualitative issues as well as the transaction's 
structural and legal aspects.




The credit risk of commercial real estate loans is determined primarily 
by two factors: 1) the probability of default, which is largely 
driven by the DSCR, and 2) the severity of loss in the event of 
default, which is largely driven by the LTV of the underlying loan.




The first mortgage balance of $725,000,000 represents 
a Moody's LTV of 106.5%. The Moody's 
First Mortgage Actual DSCR is 2.28X and Moody's First Mortgage 
Actual Stressed DSCR is 1.01X.




The principal methodology used in these ratings was "Moody's Approach 
to Rating Large Loan and Single Asset/Single Borrower CMBS" published 
in October 2015. Please see the Rating Methodologies page on www.moodys.com 
for a copy of this methodology.




Moody's review incorporated the use of the excel-based Large 
Loan Model, which it uses for single borrower and large loan multi-borrower 
transactions. The large loan model derives credit enhancement levels 
based on an aggregation of adjusted loan level proceeds derived from our 
Moody's loan level LTV ratios. Major adjustments to determining 
proceeds include leverage, loan structure, and property type. 
These aggregated proceeds are then further adjusted for any pooling benefits 
associated with loan level diversity, other concentrations and correlations.




Moody's analysis also uses the CMBS IO calculator which references 
the following inputs to calculate the proposed IO rating based on the 
published methodology: original and current bond ratings and credit 
estimates; original and current bond balances grossed up for losses 
for all bonds the IO(s) reference(s) within the transaction; and 
IO type corresponding to an IO type as defined in the published methodology. 
Please see the Credit Policy page on www.moodys.com for 
a copy of this methodology.




Moody's Parameter Sensitivities: If Moody's value of the collateral 
used in determining the initial rating were decreased by 5.0%, 
14.3%, and 22.7%, the model-indicated 
rating for the currently rated (P) Aaa (sf) classes would be Aa1 (sf), 
Aa2 (sf), and A2 (sf), respectively. Parameter Sensitivities 
are not intended to measure how the rating of the security might migrate 
over time; rather they are designed to provide a quantitative calculation 
of how the initial rating might change if key input parameters used in 
the initial rating process differed. The analysis assumes that 
the deal has not aged. Parameter Sensitivities only reflect the 
ratings impact of each scenario from a quantitative/model-indicated 
standpoint. Qualitative factors are also taken into consideration 
in the ratings process, so the actual ratings that would be assigned 
in each case could vary from the information presented in the Parameter 
Sensitivity analysis.




These ratings: (a) are based solely on information in the public 
domain and/or information communicated to Moody's by the issuer at the 
date it was prepared and such information has not been independently verified 
by Moody's; (b) must be construed solely as a statement of opinion 
and not a statement of fact or an offer, invitation, inducement 
or recommendation to purchase, sell or hold any securities or otherwise 
act in relation to the issuer or any other entity or in connection with 
any other matter. Moody's does not guarantee or make any representation 
or warranty as to the correctness of any information, rating or 
communication relating to the issuer. Moody's shall not be liable 
in contract, tort, statutory duty or otherwise to the issuer 
or any other third party for any loss, injury or cost caused to 
the issuer or any other third party, in whole or in part, 
including by any negligence (but excluding fraud, dishonesty and/or 
willful misconduct or any other type of liability that by law cannot be 
excluded) on the part of, or any contingency beyond the control 
of Moody's, or any of its employees or agents, including any 
losses arising from or in connection with the procurement, compilation, 
analysis, interpretation, communication, dissemination, 
or delivery of any information or rating relating to the issuer.




Factors that would lead to an upgrade or downgrade of the ratings:




The performance expectations for a given variable indicate Moody's forward-looking 
view of the likely range of performance over the medium term. Performance 
that falls outside the given range may indicate that the collateral's 
credit quality is stronger or weaker than Moody's had previously anticipated. 
Factors that may cause an upgrade of the ratings include significant loan 
pay downs or amortization, an increase in the pool's share of defeasance 
or overall improved pool performance. Factors that may cause a 
downgrade of the ratings include a decline in the overall performance 
of the pool, loan concentration, increased expected losses 
from specially serviced and troubled loans or interest shortfalls.




Moody's ratings address only the credit risks associated with the 
transaction. Other non-credit risks have not been addressed 
and may have a significant effect on yield to investors.




The ratings do not represent any assessment of (i) the likelihood or frequency 
of prepayment on the mortgage loans, (ii) the allocation of net 
aggregate prepayment interest shortfalls, (iii) whether or to what 
extent prepayment premiums might be received, or (iv) in the case 
of any class of interest-only certificates, the likelihood 
that the holders thereof might not fully recover their investment in the 
event of a rapid rate of prepayment of the mortgage loans.




REGULATORY DISCLOSURES




For further specification of Moody's key rating assumptions and sensitivity 
analysis, see the sections Methodology Assumptions and Sensitivity 
to Assumptions of the disclosure form.




Further information on the representations and warranties and enforcement 
mechanisms available to investors are available on http://www.moodys.com/researchdocumentcontentpage.aspx?docid=PBS_1047198




The analysis includes an assessment of collateral characteristics and 
performance to determine the expected collateral loss or a range of expected 
collateral losses or cash flows to the rated instruments. As a 
second step, Moody's estimates expected collateral losses or cash 
flows using a quantitative tool that takes into account credit enhancement, 
loss allocation and other structural features, to derive the expected 
loss for each rated instrument.




Moody's quantitative analysis entails an evaluation of scenarios 
that stress factors contributing to sensitivity of ratings and take into 
account the likelihood of severe collateral losses or impaired cash flows. 
Moody's weights the impact on the rated instruments based on its 
assumptions of the likelihood of the events in such scenarios occurring.




For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to each rating of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series 
or category/class of debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings 
are derived exclusively from existing ratings in accordance with Moody's 
rating practices. For ratings issued on a support provider, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to the credit rating action on the support provider and in relation to 
each particular credit rating action for securities that derive their 
credit ratings from the support provider's credit rating. 
For provisional ratings, this announcement provides certain regulatory 
disclosures in relation to the provisional rating assigned, and 
in relation to a definitive rating that may be assigned subsequent to 
the final issuance of the debt, in each case where the transaction 
structure and terms have not changed prior to the assignment of the definitive 
rating in a manner that would have affected the rating. For further 
information please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the 
respective issuer on www.moodys.com.




For any affected securities or rated entities receiving direct credit 
support from the primary entity(ies) of this credit rating action, 
and whose ratings may change as a result of this credit rating action, 
the associated regulatory disclosures will be those of the guarantor entity. 
Exceptions to this approach exist for the following disclosures, 
if applicable to jurisdiction: Ancillary Services, Disclosure 
to rated entity, Disclosure from rated entity.




Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit 
rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating 
review.


Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to 
the lead rating analyst and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued 
the rating.


Please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com 
for additional regulatory disclosures for each credit rating.


Joseph Podvarney
Vice President - Senior Analyst
Structured Finance Group
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Eun Choi
Senior Vice President
Structured Finance Group
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Releasing Office:
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653





No Related Data.











                    © 2017 Moody’s Corporation, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their licensors and affiliates (collectively, “MOODY’S”). All rights reserved. CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS RATINGS AFFILIATES (“MIS”) ARE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES, AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY INCLUDE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES. MOODY’S DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL, FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT. CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT. MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY ALSO INCLUDE QUANTITATIVE MODEL-BASED ESTIMATES OF CREDIT RISK AND RELATED OPINIONS OR COMMENTARY PUBLISHED BY MOODY’S ANALYTICS, INC. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES. NEITHER CREDIT RATINGS NOR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS COMMENT ON THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR. MOODY’S ISSUES ITS CREDIT RATINGS AND PUBLISHES MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WITH THE EXPECTATION AND UNDERSTANDING THAT EACH INVESTOR WILL, WITH DUE CARE, MAKE ITS OWN STUDY AND EVALUATION OF EACH SECURITY THAT IS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR PURCHASE, HOLDING, OR SALE. MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER. ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY’S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT. All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY’S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY’S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody’s publications. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY’S. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information. NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY’S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER. Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody’s Corporation (“MCO”), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS’s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading “Investor Relations — Corporate Governance — Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy.” Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY’S affiliate, Moody’s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody’s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to “wholesale clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY’S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a “wholesale client” and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to “retail clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY’S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY’S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser. Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. (“MJKK”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody’s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody’s SF Japan K.K. (“MSFJ”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (“NRSRO”). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively. MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000. MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements.


















Back to Previous Page



















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









How can I help you?      Search...        Sidebar×   Digital Magazine Visit Hilton HeadOnline Exclusives Archive Facebook Twitter Monthly Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscriptions / Renewals Distribution List NewsletterMagazine menu HomeNews Lowcountry NewsHilton HeadBlufftonRBC HeritageBusiness Business NewsBusiness Profiles On the MoveLiving Lowcountry LivingLifestyleShoppingFashionNaturePetsBridalBridal ShowVendor Information Luxury Bridal Book 2017Real WeddingsPlanningAttire, GownsBudgetCakes and DessertsCaterersCeremony & VowsEtiquette & TraditionsExpert AdviceFloristsHoneymoonInvitations & CalligraphyJewelryMusic/DJ/BandsParties & ShowersParty RentalPhoto/VideoReceptionsSalon/SpaVenues/RentalsWedding PlannersTrendsSubmit Your WeddingWedding VendorsWedding AnnouncementsEngagement Photo ContestHealth Health News Medical GuideFitnessBeauty Healthcare ProvidersSports Sports NewsGolfTennisCyclingRecreationHome & Garden Home and Garden TrendsHome DiscoveryHomeGardenReal EstateEating Eat & DrinkLowcountry FlavorsRecipes Restaurant MenusPeople People in the NewsIntriguing PeopleProfilesOn the Move Real WeddingsColumns Columns HomeAt the HelmWhere Are They Now?Last CallMoney ReportEventsAround TownHilton Head NightlifeYour Week Ahead June 2017 EventsSubmit Events   Hilton Head Monthly  Connecting the Lowcountry        How can I help you?    JEAN BECK    27 July 2017         Real Estate      Next Article Hilton Head Real Estate News: July 2017    Typography   Font Size     Default     Reading Mode    Lowcountry Realtors are waiting to help you buy or sellWhen searching for a real estate professional, it’s helpful to start your search by talking with family or friends. People you know and trust who have used a real estate professional in the past often can provide recommendations. Once you’ve developed a list of possibilities, it’s a good idea to interview more than one real estate professional and get to know them by asking questions. You want to be confident you will have a good rapport with your Realtor.Here are a few key questions you may consider during the interview process. What types of specific marketing products and methods will you use to sell my home? It is important for you to know how your home will be marketed and that you agree with and trust the approach. This includes how responsive the real estate professional will be to inquiries on the property. Will you keep me informed about the progress of my transaction? How frequently? Communication is key to any relationship. Real estate professionals adjust to what their clients prefer, but you must tell them how and when you expect to hear from them. Whether by phone, email, text or all of the above, your Realtor should keep you informed using a method that’s convenient for you. Will you represent me exclusively, or will you represent both the buyer and the seller in the transaction? A real estate professional will explain his or her agency relationship with you right in the beginning. You will also receive a brochure with a written explanation. Listen and read carefully to understand your options. What’s going on in my neighborhood? If you are ready to sell or have located a neighborhood where you want to buy, ask the Realtor you’re interviewing to show you “comps.” This analysis of trends and market comparisons is something that all real estate professionals should be able to provide. Don’t rely just on websites or apps that offer automated market value tools, which don’t take into account many factors about individual properties. Technology has its place in today’s real estate world, but it can’t replace the work of a Realtor. Are you the real deal? It’s important that you ask if the agent is a Realtor and a member of the Hilton Head Area Association of Realtors. Seek out a professional who is invested in his or her profession and abides by the strict code of ethics set forth by the National Association of Realtors. The decision to buy or sell a home is one of the most important financial decisions most people make. If you are buying a selling a home, you will be spending a lot of time with your agent. It might as well be somebody you like. Read on to meet some of the Lowcountry’s top Realtors.Real estate sales have slowed somewhat across the U.S. and in the Lowcountry, but this can’t be blamed on negative economic news. Unemployment remains low and wage growth, though not outstanding, has held steady or increased for several years in a row. There is strong demand for homes, emphasized by higher prices and multiple offers on homes for sale in many parts of the country. That includes the local market.As has been the case for month after month — and now year after year — low inventory is the primary culprit for any sales malaise, rather than lack of offers. For our region, there is about a 6.2-month supply for single-family homes and 5.7-month supply for condos. However, more inventory is available in higher price ranges. For example, for properties with price tags of more than $650,000, there is a 15-month inventory. But when looking at the market for homes that range in price from $375,000 to $650,000, inventory drops to seven months. For homes priced between $100,001 and $225,000, there is only about a three-month supply, which is making the market challenging for first-time homebuyers.Thanks to positive recognition from the media, the Lowcountry’s profile will only continue to grow. Recently, Travel + Leisure magazine named Hilton Head Island the best island in the continental United States for the second year in a row, while the Inn & Club at Harbour Town was named one of the top 100 hotels in the world and one of the 10 best resort hotels in the South — an honor also bestowed on Bluffton’s Montage Palmetto Bluff. And Latitude Margaritaville Hilton Head — a partnership between the Jimmy Buffettinspired Margaritaville brand and Floridabased developer Minto Communities — is coming to Hardeeville. These accolades are likely to spur homebuying in the area, as well as home values.In addition, mortgage rates remain low and the pull toward homeownership is expected to continue. There are also signs that new construction is picking up in our region. With inventory as low as it is and new listings down, new construction is required to meet the need.    Next Article Hilton Head Real Estate News: July 2017     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Browse the Digital Edition         Advertisement	          Advertisement	Sign up for our free weekly newsletter.                         Most read Monthly Columnists      Tennis      Hilton Head Tennis Update June 1, 2017      Lifestyle      Local Life Hilton Head & Bluffton: 2015 City Guide      Living      2017 Hilton Head Summer Camp Guide      Food      Summer Salads - June 2017      Where Are They Now      Where Are They Now? Brennen Reeves    Last Call      Staying Motivated in the Dog Daze of Summer    At the Helm      Focus on the Family: MONTHLY GETS SETTLED    Last Call      Generation i: It has only been 10 years since the launch of the first iPhone      Where Are They Now      Where are they now? David Agee Hilton Head MonthlyWeather  Hilton Head Island    76 °F         Hilton Head Island United States   Mostly Cloud (night), 76 °F     Current Conditions      Sunrise: 6:35 am   |   Sunset: 8:23 pm      98%       22.0 mph       34.169 bar        Forecast     Fri  Low: 74 °F High: 91 °F   Sat  Low: 78 °F High: 86 °F   Sun  Low: 73 °F High: 80 °F   Mon  Low: 73 °F High: 82 °F   Tue  Low: 74 °F High: 82 °F   Wed  Low: 74 °F High: 82 °F   Thu  Low: 75 °F High: 82 °F   Fri  Low: 74 °F High: 81 °F   Sat  Low: 75 °F High: 82 °F   Sun  Low: 75 °F High: 82 °F         Bluffton    66 °F         Bluffton United States   Clear (night), 66 °F     Current Conditions      Sunrise: 6:33 am   |   Sunset: 9:1 pm      74%       11.0 mph       33.356 bar        Forecast     Fri  Low: 66 °F High: 78 °F   Sat  Low: 57 °F High: 76 °F   Sun  Low: 59 °F High: 80 °F   Mon  Low: 61 °F High: 82 °F   Tue  Low: 64 °F High: 82 °F   Wed  Low: 66 °F High: 82 °F   Thu  Low: 65 °F High: 76 °F   Fri  Low: 60 °F High: 72 °F   Sat  Low: 58 °F High: 72 °F   Sun  Low: 56 °F High: 76 °F         Beaufort    78 °F         Beaufort United States   Mostly Cloud (night), 78 °F     Current Conditions      Sunrise: 6:34 am   |   Sunset: 8:24 pm      90%       14.0 mph       34.169 bar        Forecast     Fri  Low: 76 °F High: 93 °F   Sat  Low: 77 °F High: 86 °F   Sun  Low: 70 °F High: 83 °F   Mon  Low: 70 °F High: 85 °F   Tue  Low: 71 °F High: 85 °F   Wed  Low: 72 °F High: 85 °F   Thu  Low: 74 °F High: 83 °F   Fri  Low: 74 °F High: 83 °F   Sat  Low: 74 °F High: 84 °F   Sun  Low: 74 °F High: 84 °F         Savannah    78 °F         Savannah United States   Mostly Cloud (night), 78 °F     Current Conditions      Sunrise: 6:37 am   |   Sunset: 8:25 pm      92%       14.0 mph       34.169 bar        Forecast     Fri  Low: 74 °F High: 94 °F   Sat  Low: 75 °F High: 87 °F   Sun  Low: 69 °F High: 83 °F   Mon  Low: 69 °F High: 83 °F   Tue  Low: 70 °F High: 83 °F   Wed  Low: 70 °F High: 83 °F   Thu  Low: 72 °F High: 83 °F   Fri  Low: 72 °F High: 82 °F   Sat  Low: 72 °F High: 83 °F   Sun  Low: 72 °F High: 83 °F            



News & Events










































                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              







































            Ratings / Surveillance
          




            Operational Risk Assessments
          




            Research
          




            Products & Services
          




            Regulatory Affairs
          







Errors


















News & Events | Ratings Actions









In The News
        



Company News Releases
        



Ratings Actions            




Events
        



Videos
        













          Date
          





          Ratings Actions Title
          





          Asset Class
          



















          JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
        























                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              










































Sign In





Product


CMBS Ratings
CMBS Lead Generator
RMBS Analytics







User Name 







Password 




Forgot your password?  Click here 










Terms and Conditions





Terms of Use


Table of Contents




Terms of Use Generally.
Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
Privacy Policy.
Access Restrictions.
Content Restrictions.
Links to Other Websites.
Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
NRSRO Disclosures.
CUSIP® Information.









                            Terms of Use Generally.
                            
These Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use") contain terms, provisions, covenants and conditions to which you are subject when you access or use any or all of this Website.  You are also subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations when you access and use this Website.  References herein to this "Website" means ratingagency.morningstar.com and all of its website content (the "Content"), including, without limitation, any and all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, software, reports, information, data and other content displayed, provided or accessed by or through ratingagency.morningstar.com.  This Website is the property of, and is operated by, Morningstar Credit Ratings LLC ("Morningstar").  Morningstar is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("NRSRO") as defined under applicable United States securities laws, rules and regulations.  At any time the terms "credit ratings", "letter-grade ratings", "rating opinions", "rating outlook" or terms of similar import are used in this Terms of Use, each such term shall include all of the preceding terms collectively, as well as any other rating opinions provided by Morningstar.
Each time you access or use this Website, you thereby acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood and agreed to observe and be bound by the Terms of Use.  If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not use this Website.
The Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision at any time, from time to time, with or without notice.  In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision by reason of new laws, rules or regulations, or amendments, modifications or other changes to existing laws, rule or regulations, or interpretations thereof, any of which may be implemented or apply to any of the Terms of Use, this Website, NRSROs, Morningstar, or related items or matters at any time and may apply retroactively.  The Terms of Use shall be interpreted, as determined by Morningstar, in a manner to comply with the foregoing.
Your rights to use certain pages or areas of this Website may be subject to a separate subscription or other form of agreement with Morningstar (each, a "Separate Agreement").  Your Separate Agreement governs in the event of any express conflict therein with the Terms of Use unless you receive notice and agree otherwise.  For the avoidance of doubt, if your Separate Agreement is silent on terms covered by this Terms of Use, this Terms of Use governs such terms.  Except as expressly provided by your Separate Agreement(s), if any, the Terms of Use represent your entire agreement with Morningstar with respect to this Website and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written between Morningstar and you with respect to this Website.




                            Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
                            
All Content is property that is owned by or licensed to Morningstar and is protected by copyright, trademark, service mark and other applicable intellectual property laws.  All trademarks, service marks, images, logos and trade names published by this Website are proprietary to their respective owners and are protected by applicable intellectual property laws.  Morningstar’s name and logo are its registered marks.  Marks used in conjunction with Morningstar services and products are property of Morningstar.  All other marks are the property of their respective owners.  Any unauthorized use thereof is strictly prohibited.  All rights reserved.
Morningstar and its licensors, as applicable, reserve and retain all proprietary rights in or to the Content and do not grant you any express or implied right in any Content.  You may not delete or alter any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices from any Content.  Refer to Section 9 of the Terms of Use regarding CUSIP® Information.
You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, redistribute, transfer, transmit, retransmit, disseminate, sell, license, publish, display, broadcast, circulate, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, modify, alter, frame, store, archive or create any derivative  of any Content without Morningstar’s express written consent.  You may not access or use any Content other than for your private, non-commercial use (and for any such use you shall retain any and all such copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices contained therein).




                            Privacy Policy.
                            
Each time you access or use this Website, you agree and consent to the applicability, to you, of Morningstar’s practices regarding the collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website.
Certain pages of this Website may request that you enter certain personal information, e.g., name, address, e-mail address, employer, job title, department, telephone or facsimile numbers, or other personal identifying information.  Your responses to these requests are voluntary; however, if you do not provide the requested information and that information is required to access or use those pages or that area of this Website, you will not be able to access or use those pages or that area of this Website.
Morningstar will not sell or otherwise disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties without your permission, except as provided herein or as required or permitted by applicable law, for example, to comply with a subpoena or regulatory requirement or to protect against fraud or illegal activity.  Morningstar reserves the right to view, review, monitor, record, and analyze data and information from access or use of this Website to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.  Such data and information may be subject to disclosure by or to law enforcement organizations, in connection with criminal investigation, prosecution or other matters, or by or to private parties, in civil litigation or other matters.  Morningstar does not warrant or guarantee confidentiality of any communication, data, information or other item transmitted by means of the internet.  You assume all risk with respect to your access or use of this Website or the internet.
Certain pages or areas of this Website cannot be accessed or used without a valid password.  You are responsible to keep your password confidential and to not permit unauthorized use of this Website by the use of your password.  You will immediately notify Morningstar if you become aware of any loss or theft of your password or any unauthorized use of your password.  Morningstar reserves the right to delete or change a password at any time and for any or no reason.
Morningstar’s collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website may be undertaken or performed by Morningstar or service providers of Morningstar and may include the collection of domain names and e-mail addresses of Website visitors.  Information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on this Website, pages viewed, and similar information.  Morningstar reserves the right to compile and use aggregate data, and provide such aggregate data to third parties for statistical analysis.  Morningstar may use this information to measure and analyze the use of this Website, to modify the content of this Website or to inform you about Morningstar products and services.
Morningstar may use "cookies" to track your visits to this Website.  A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.  A cookie functions as an identification card, recording your passwords, purchases and preferences.  A cookie may be used to provide tailored information to you.  Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.  You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  For Website pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional.  Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those Website pages.  While Morningstar may use cookies to track your visit to this Website, and our servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided Morningstar with personal information.




                            Access Restrictions.
                            

                                    Each time you access or use this Website, you: (a) acknowledge, understand and agree that you have only a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access or use this Website, at all times and in all events subject to, and conditioned upon your continued compliance with, the Terms of Use and all applicable laws, rules and regulations; (b) represent and warrant to Morningstar that you will not use this Website for any use or purpose that is unlawful or that is otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use; (c) represent that you are at least 18 years old; and (d) agree not to:
                                    
upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit to this Website: (a) any material that Morningstar deems to be unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, misleading, deceptive, vulgar, offensive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, hateful or invasive of the rights of any person (individual or entity); or (b) any computer code or file that contains any virus, worm, Trojan horse or other program that is likely to harm or impair this Website or the functioning of this Website;
use any "deep-link," "scraper," "robot," "bot," "spider," "data-mining," "computer code" or any other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, process, or methodology or manual process having similar processes or functionality, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of this Website;
violate the restrictions in any robot inclusion headers on this Website or in any way bypass or circumvent any other measure employed to limit or prevent access to this Website
violate the security of, or seek unauthorized access to, this Website or any related system, network or server, through hacking, password mining or any other means;
obtain through any means by or through this Website any Content that Morningstar has not intentionally made available publicly or to you under your Separate Agreement;
interfere with the functionality of this Website; or
impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load or burden on this Website or any related system, network or server, or, with respect to each of the foregoing, attempt to do so.


Your use of this website may be subject to sales, use or similar taxes.  If you access or use this Website, Morningstar may invoice you, and you agree to pay, all such taxes that apply to your access and/or use.




                            Content Restrictions.
                            
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, reports, information, data and other Content are: (i) provided solely for information purposes and not as financial, investment, tax or other advice, (ii) subject to any and all qualifications, limitations and parameters enumerated in any related materials related to such ratings provided by Morningstar, any initial ratings letter and/or subsequent confirmation letters or surveillance information provided by Morningstar, and Morningstar’s policies and procedures and methodology; and (iii) subject to applicable laws, rules and regulation, and you agree to reasonably cooperate with Morningstar in the event your cooperation is needed to comply therewith; and (b) all credit ratings and other opinions and similar or related reports, information, data and other Content are mere opinions, nothing else, and that, with respect thereto, Morningstar does not waive any protections, privileges or defenses available under applicable laws, rules or regulations, including, without limitation, the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to all Content that is based on or incorporates information and data provided by third parties ("Third-Party Information") including, without limitation, issuers, sponsors, arrangers, servicers, special servicers, trustees, asset managers, securities administrators, paying agents, data vendors, subcontractors, and other third-party sources of reports, information or data, including, without limitation, engineering reports, environmental reports, appraisals, and rent rolls : (a) each such third party is solely responsible for its respective Third Party Information including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) the provision of Third-Party Information is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement of or responsibility for any Third-Party Information; (c) no Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; (e) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability for or control over, third-party information; and (f) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all and any preliminary or final Third-Party Information is solely for your convenience and may or may not be provided in connection with any transaction; (b) all information contained or incorporated by reference in any Third Party Information may not be accurate as of any date (other than, if applicable, the date set forth therein as the date of the information contained or incorporated by reference therein) and may be outdated, unreliable or inaccurate; (c) no Third Party Information has been updated since the date set forth therein and material events affecting the information contained or incorporated by reference therein may have occurred since such date; (d) Morningstar is under no obligation to supplement, update, provide, correct or disseminate any Third Party Information; (e) Third Party Information shall not constitute a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment; and (f) no Third Party Information (i) shall be distributed or redistributed, (ii) is intended for distribution or redistribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution, redistribution or use would violate any applicable law, or (iii) may be relied upon for any purpose.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) you shall not rely on any Content as any form of advice or in making any financial, investment, tax or other decision or with respect to any other act or omission; (b) you assume sole responsibility and risk for evaluating the merits and risks associated with any financial, investment, tax or other decision based on any Content or any other act or omission based on any content; and (c) although Content may refer or relate to securities or other financial instruments or investments, including, without limitation, pools or loans, or real or other properties, neither you nor anyone else shall construe any Content as: (i) financial, investment, tax or other advice; (ii) a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment, including, without limitation, any pool or loan, or real or other properties; or (iii) "investment advice" within the meaning of US Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R Section 2510.3-21(c) under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  With respect to any and all securities or other financial instruments or investments, past performance is not necessarily indicative, and is not guarantee of, future performance or results.
Neither Morningstar nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives: (a) provide financial, investment, tax or other advice; (b) shall have any liability to anyone for any Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) that arise from or relate to any financial, investment, tax or other decision, act or omission based on any Content; or (c) is or shall be considered to be an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary, to any anyone, including, without limitation, any employee benefit plan or other plan, or otherwise.  You shall not in any manner state, suggest or imply that Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives has acted or is acting as an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary to you or anyone else.  You understand that Morningstar has not consented to, and will not consent to, (i) being named an "expert" under the federal securities laws including, without limitation, Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or (ii) the integration, publication, inclusion or reference of any ratings, analysis or other information pertaining to Morningstar and/or the ratings contemplated hereunder in any prospectuses or registration statements or otherwise integrated or used in a manner that could impede  (i) or (ii) of this sentence.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that in connection with any letter-grade ratings or rating outlook or similar opinion provided by Morningstar, you shall solely consider such rating opinion based on the qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats corresponding to such rating opinion as set forth on this website, including, without limitation the Morningstar Analysis and Considerations link at ratingagency.morningstar.com and Ratings Reports at ratingagency.morningstar.com and/or in the related ratings letters, related reports or other communication provided by Morningstar on the website or by other means determined by Morningstar.  You agree that you have reviewed and understand such qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats and related items as they relate to any rating opinion you have viewed.   Any rating opinion should not be considered without an understanding and review of the preceding factors.  In addition, you understand and agree that any rating opinions, analysis, projections, observations, Content or other items constituting part of any information provided by Morningstar on this website or otherwise are and must be construed solely as statements of opinion and not statements of fact.




                            Links to Other Websites.
                            
Morningstar may provide links to other websites or Third-Party Information.  You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to such links, other websites or Third-Party Information: (a) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability therefore or control thereof including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) Morningstar’s provision thereof is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement thereof or responsibility therefore; (c) no such other link or website or Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) EACH SUCH OTHER LINK, WEBSITE OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; and (e) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL SUCH OTHER LINKS, WEBSITES OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION. ALL TERMS, PROVISIONS, COVENANTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS, DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH THEREIN OR IN THE TERMS OF USE APPLY THERETO.




                            Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
                            
THIS WEBSITE AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. MORNINGSTAR, AND ITS INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, DO NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL OF THE FOLLOWING (COLLECTIVELY, THE "NON-WARRANTED MATTERS"): (A) THIS WEBSITE; (B) ALL CONTENT; (C) ANY FINANCIAL, INVESTMENT, TAX OR OTHER DECISION, ACT OR OMISSION MADE IN RELIANCE ON OR BASED ON ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT; (D) WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT INFRINGES UPON ANY COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, SERVICE MARK OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OTHER PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR IS DEFAMATORY TO OR INVASIVE OF ANY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY; (E) ANY ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, OR CORRECT SEQUENCING, OR ANY FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OF ANY OR ALL CREDIT RATINGS, OTHER OPINIONS, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, REPORTS, INFORMATION, DATA AND OTHER CONTENT, WHETHER ORIGINATED BY MORNINGSTAR, LICENSED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDER, OBTAINED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM THIRD PARTIES OR PUBLICLY-AVAILABLE SOURCES, OR OTHERWISE; OR (F) ANY AND ALL ACCESS TO OR USE OF ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT SHALL BE FREE OF (I) FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OR (II) ANY COMPUTER CODE OR FILE THAT CONTAINS ANY VIRUS, WORM, TROJAN HORSE OR OTHER PROGRAM THAT MAY HARM, IMPAIR OR BE DETRIMENTAL TO ANY OTHER COMPUTER, SYSTEM, SERVER OR NETWORK.
You waive, release and relinquish, and shall have no recourse against Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives for, any and all Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) arising from or related to any or all of the Non-Warranted Matters.
In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Terms of Use, Morningstar shall be held liable to you with respect to any such Claims, Morningstar’s liability to you shall not exceed the amount of the fees you actually paid to Morningstar during the one-month period immediately preceding the date when the first such Claim shall have arisen.  In no event shall Morningstar be liable for any incidental, special, indirect, consequential, reliance, punitive or other exemplary damages, including, without limitation, any loss of profits, data or interest, any penalties or assessments imposed under applicable laws or otherwise.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Morningstar and its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and other representatives for any and all third-party claims for Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content for any use or purpose that is unlawful or otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use.  Morningstar reserves the right to assume the control and defense of any such matter.  In the event that Morningstar shall assume the control and defense of any such matter, you shall cooperate with Morningstar in this regard including, without limitation, in the assertion of defenses and mandatory counterclaims therein.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to any Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content, you: (a) consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal court located closest to Morningstar’s principal place of business; (b) waive any objection (including, without limitation, any based upon grounds of "forum non conveniens") that you now or hereafter may have to such jurisdiction or venue; and (c) waive any right to trial by jury of any Claim arising from or in connection with your access or use of this Website or Content, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and whether sounding in contract, warranty, tort or otherwise.
In the Terms of Use, "Claims" shall mean all actions, causes of action, claims, demands, duties, liabilities, obligations, judgments, fines, penalties, damages, losses, fees, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’, consultant’s and expert witness’ fees, costs and expenses.
Morningstar shall have no responsibility or liability for any event of "force majeure" under applicable law or any other failures, delays, interruptions, errors, omissions, or inaccuracies with respect to this Website, including, without limitation, all services, products, software and other Content that was caused by any reason or event reason or event beyond Morningstar’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, any natural calamity, act of God or a public enemy, act of any military, civil or regulatory authority, change in any law or regulation, disruption or outage of communications, utility or other power or any other failure to perform by any internet, information or service provider or any other person (individual or entity).
Morningstar’s failure to insist on strict performance of any of the Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of any other of the Terms of Use.  The terms and provisions of the Terms of Use are severable, such that, if any term or provision hereof shall be held invalid or unenforceable, the other terms and provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the terms and conditions herein shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified herein.




                            NRSRO Disclosures.
                            
Morningstar publishes its current Form NRSRO and Exhibits thereto on this Website.  Form NRSRO Exhibit 2 sets forth Morningstar’s definitions of its letter-grade credit ratings and its rating outlooks and a general description of Morningstar’s credit rating procedures and methodologies.  These definitions, procedures and methodologies are an integral part of Morningstar’s letter-grade credit ratings and rating outlooks published on this Website.
An NRSRO must disclose on its website its rating actions for ten percent (10%) of its credit ratings, selected on a random basis, for each class of securities for which it is registered as an NRSRO and has 500 or more outstanding issuer-paid credit ratings, with each required disclosure of a new rating action to be made no later than six months after the rating action was taken.  Rule 17g-2(d)(2).
An NRSRO must disclose on its website all rating actions for any credit rating initially determined by the NRSRO on or after June 26, 2007 within: (a) 12 months for issuer-paid credit ratings; and (b) 24 months for other (e.g., unsolicited or subscriber-paid) credit ratings.  Rule 17g-2(d)(3)(i).
An NRSRO must: (a) maintain on a password-protected website (i) a list of each structured finance security for which it is currently in the process of determining an initial credit rating that was paid for by the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter, and (ii) the website address where the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter of the security represents that the ratings information can be accessed; and (b) provide free and unlimited access to such password-protected website to any NRSRO that provides it with a copy of the required certification.  Rules 17g-5(a)(3); 17g-5(e).
You agree that you shall not access or use any Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs other than as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.
All restrictions, disclaimers and limitations of liability set forth in the Terms of Use apply to all Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs but are not intended and shall not be construed to restrict access to or use of any such Content as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.




                            CUSIP® Information.
                            
CUSIP® is a registered trademark of the American Bankers Association ("ABA").  CUSIP identifiers have been provided by CUSIP Global Services ("CGS"), formerly known as CUSIP Service Bureau, managed by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, on behalf of the ABA and are not for use or dissemination in a manner that would serve as a substitute for any CUSIP Service.  The CUSIP Database, © 2010 American Bankers Association.  CUSIP information, such as security identifiers and related descriptive information (the "CUSIP Database"), is protected under copyright laws.  From time to time, Morningstar obtains CUSIP information from Third-Party Information.
Certain SEC rules applicable to NRSROs may require an NRSRO to maintain a record of CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO and to publish CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO for which a rating, rating history, rating action or other information is made publicly available on its website (collectively, the "Ratings History").
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the CUSIP Database and all CUSIP information contained therein is and shall remain valuable intellectual property owned by, or licensed to, CGS and the ABA, and that no proprietary rights are being transferred to you in such materials or in any of the information contained therein.  Any use by you outside of the clearing and settlement of transactions requires a license from CGS, along with an associated fee based on usage.  You agree that misappropriation or misuse of such materials will cause serious damage to CGS and ABA, and that in such event money damages may not constitute sufficient compensation to CGS and ABA; consequently, you agree that in the event of any misappropriation or misuse, CGS and ABA shall have the right to obtain injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies to which CGS and ABA may be entitled.  You agree that you shall not publish or distribute in any medium the CUSIP Database or any CUSIP information contained therein or summaries or subsets thereof to any person (individual or entity) except in connection with the normal clearing and settlement of security transactions.  You agree that the use of CUSIP numbers and descriptions is not intended to create or maintain, and does not serve the purpose of the creation or maintenance of, a master file or database of CUSIP descriptions or numbers for itself or any third-party recipient of such service and is not intended to create and does not serve in any way as a substitute for any current or future services developed by CGS.
You acknowledge and understand that certain information will be provided to CGS in connection with your downloading, or access or use, of the CUSIP Database and CUSIP information contained therein, which may include your IP address, number of bytes downloaded, phone and e-mail address. This information will be used solely for purposes of monitoring compliance with these Terms of Use.  This information will be stored securely in the U.S. and may be reviewed and corrected by contacting cusip_custservice@cusip.com. For additional information about CGS’s Customer Privacy practices, please go to www.cusip.com.
NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE CUSIP DATABASE.  ALL SUCH MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED TO VISITORS AND USERS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES AS TO MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE NOR WITH RESPECT TO THE RESULTS WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF SUCH MATERIALS.  NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR THEIR AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS NOR SHALL THEY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LIABILITY OF CGS, ABA OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES PURSUANT TO ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE FEE PAID BY VISITOR FOR ACCESS TO SUCH MATERIALS IN THE MONTH IN WHICH SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS ALLEGED TO HAVE ARISEN. FURTHERMORE, CGS AND ABA SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR DELAYS OR FAILURES DUE TO CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND THEIR CONTROL.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the foregoing terms and conditions shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified above.











Accept
Decline






Email Verification







Email Address 







 











NRSRO Login







User Name 







Password 







Login
Cancel













© 2017 Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC. All rights reserved.






 About Us 


 News & Events 


Careers 



            Terms Of Use
            



          Privacy Policy
        


 Contact Us 



 












        Turn on switch to see debug info.
      


        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      



        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      




 















Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP

Moody's Org ID:725299384







Moody's Org ID:725299384

Market Segment:Structured Finance > Commercial MBS > Single Borrower







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties



                                    Due Diligence Reports







                            Go to CMBS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 6
Of 
        6


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Excel Data Supplement
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    22 Nov 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to Eight CMBS Classes of Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Nov 2016
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS - Single Borrower/Large Loan v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Nov 2016
                

                    Excel Data Supplement
                













                                    Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP-CF





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Nov 2016
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates: Pre-Sale - Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Nov 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to Eight CMBS Classes of Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Nov 2016
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP Deal v1.0 Compared To CMBS - Single Borrower/Large Loan v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 6
Of 
        6


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay



























































































 











Natural Supplements for Animals














































 


    Spend $150.00 or more for Free Delivery 



0 item(s) - $0.00


 
        Modify Cart      


                 Your shopping Cart is empty!              



 
        Proceed to Checkout      

 Got a Question? Call Toll-free 1 855 261 1289





 










































Horses


Dogs




Cats


Birds

















Specials
For Horses
For Dogs
For Cats
For Birds





















Coat & Skin Duo

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                            $85.00
$72.25


              More Info            



 











Digestion & Treats Duo

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                            $93.95
$79.85


              More Info            



 











Mobility Duo

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                            $83.00
$70.55


              More Info            



 











Nerves & Hormones Duo

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                            $77.00
$65.45


              More Info            



 











Special Support Duo

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                            $80.50
$68.42


              More Info            



 





















Herballs

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                          $6.50


              More Info            



 











Digestion & Treats Duo

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                            $93.95
$79.85


              More Info            



 











Special Support Duo

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                            $80.50
$68.42


              More Info            



 











Nerves & Hormones Duo

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                            $77.00
$65.45


              More Info            



 











Coat & Skin Duo

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                            $85.00
$72.25


              More Info            



 











Mobility Duo

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                            $83.00
$70.55


              More Info            



 





















Senior Dog Gold

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                          $18.50


              More Info            



 











Top Dog Conditioning Shampoo 

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                          $12.00


              More Info            



 











Apple Cider Vinegar

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                          $12.00


              More Info            



 











KD Solution

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                          $25.00


              More Info            



 











LBM Solution









                    Prices from:                                          $25.00


              More Info            



 











CDRM 

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                          $25.00


              More Info            



 





















Kitty Senior - 1.69 fl oz

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                          $23.00


              More Info            



 











Kitty Mew'n - 1.69 fl oz

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                          $23.00


              More Info            



 











Kitty Komfort - 1.69 fl oz









                    Prices from:                                          $23.00


              More Info            



 











Kitty KD - 1.69 fl oz









                    Prices from:                                          $23.00


              More Info            



 











Kitty Kalm - 1.69 fl oz

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                          $23.00


              More Info            



 











Kitty Ease 1.69 fl oz

No Reviews

                    Prices from:                                          $23.00


              More Info            



 





















Blog






Downclose Piggeries Holiday Let

            02/07/2017          
Hilary and Tony founders of Hilton Herbs have recently converted the Victorian Piggeries at Downclose Farm home of Hilton Herbs in Somerset to create a 2 bedroom holiday let. Hilary and Tony invite you visit the Downclose Piggeries…


Read more





The Goodness Of Garlic

            29/06/2017          
The use of garlic as a health supplement has been around for many years and continues to be used by thousands of horse owners worldwide.  As one of the most widely used and effective medicinal plants; garlic is rich in Alliin & Allinase, bio…


Read more





Who Rescues Who? - Jane Smart, Helpline

            15/06/2017          
<p>RAS</p>



Read more




 



Sign up to our Newsletter!






Name



Email Address  *










 













Catalogue
View online
Download



 
 




Hilton Hotels and Resorts - Find Hotel Rooms






































Skip to Content






My Reservations
My Reservations
View Promotions




Sign In
Join


 
     /   
My Account
Sign Out



Show Sign In Form





 



 





View/change a specific reservation:


Your Confirmation #





Last Name



Find 


Find





- OR -


Sign in to view all reservations in your account




Existing Travel Reservations:


Car Rental Details




Close





Your Next Stay:
See all

 
 

Digital Key Offered


View/Edit



Go To My Account Page
Update your password regularly to keep your account safe. 


Your Last Stay:
See all

 
 

View Receipt
Book Again





Join Hilton Honors™ Upgrade your account and earn points at over 3,600 hotels in 82 countries around the world.
Join Hilton Honors 












Elite Status Progress



							
								   
								 | 
							
						
							

							
								   
								 | 
							
						
							












												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 















												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 















												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 










Status:
						Lifetime Diamond

With Lifetime Diamond, there is no expiration and no re-qualifying for your status - ever again!




Close












HI



Skip brand navigation



OFFERS


MEETINGS & EVENTS


RESORTS


ABOUT HILTON







Languages:

العربية
Български
简体中文
繁體中文
Česky
Dansk
Nederlands
Suomi
Deutsch
Français
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Norsk
Polski
Português
România
Pусский
Español
Svenska
ไทย
Türkçe



Submit










skip form











Where do you want to go?

Where do you want to go? You may enter a City, Airport, Address, Attraction, Hotel

No search results found.
results were found. Press up and down key to select.





Check-in


You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your arrival date is within the next year.

 


Check-out


You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your departure date is within four months of your arrival.

 



Our Best Price Guarantee >






Use flexible dates




Tell us about your party




						 Rooms
					

				
				
				
					Adults (18+)


			
				
				
					Children
				
			
			



Rooms

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26+



Adults in Room 1

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 1

0
1
2
3
4






Room 2:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 2

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 2

0
1
2
3
4






Room 3:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 3

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 3

0
1
2
3
4






Room 4:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 4

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 4

0
1
2
3
4






Room 5:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 5

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 5

0
1
2
3
4






Room 6:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 6

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 6

0
1
2
3
4






Room 7:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 7

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 7

0
1
2
3
4






Room 8:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 8

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 8

0
1
2
3
4






Room 9:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 9

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 9

0
1
2
3
4









|
More Options
Less Options

Add a Special Rate Code
Special Rates



 Go
 
Find it
Check Availability




Enter promo code

Promotion/Offer Code:





Group Code:





Corporate Account:






Or select a special rate


Use Points




Travel Agent



AAA Rate *



AARP Rate *



Senior Rate *



Gov/Military rates *

* ID required at check-in


< Back


Close

ADVANCED SEARCH
X CLOSE









 




With special rates and complimentary breakfasts for two - from healthy to decadent - our Bed & Breakfast packages are the perfect way for you to relax and recharge.Bed & Breakfast

End of tab panel




MEETINGSOur professional atmosphere, helpful technology and planning tools can ensure your meeting is a success.Schedule a meeting 


SPECIAL EVENTSFrom the right setting to the right menu, we can help with every detail of your event.Plan an event 


WEDDINGSYour big day is special to us, too. We can provide the ideal atmosphere and service for your wedding rehearsal, ceremony, reception and more.Plan a wedding End of tab panel





Relax on the beach, tee off on some of the world's best courses, or do nothing but relax. Find your perfect getaway at Hilton Resorts. Hilton Resorts

End of tab panel





With more than 550 locations across six continents, Hilton Hotels & Resorts provide an authentic and contemporary experience for guests worldwide. Explore Hilton Hotels & Resorts



Our Story


Our Locations


Our New Hotels


About Us


End of tab panel







 


menu_item_home





Previous Image








Savor summer weekends before they're gone. Plan your getaway now.









Next Image














Like Us


Follow Us


Instagram


YouTube


Pinterest


Google+


@HiltonSuggests







Email NewsletterEnter Email Address

Sign Up















											 
										



Skip to top of page










Waldorf



The luxury brand offering a unique service experience and the world’s landmark hotels. 






Conrad



A world of style, service and connection for today’s sophisticated traveler.






Canopy



Canopy is the fresh, neighborhood hotel that delivers a positive stay. 






Hilton



The global leader in hospitality with more than 550 hotels & resorts across six continents.






Curio Collection



A collection of unique hotels appealing to travelers seeking local discovery.






Double Tree 



Warm. Comfortable. Smart. The hotel that turns travel into a human experience again.






Tapestry Collection by Hilton



A collection of hotels that gives you the peace of mind to travel independently.






Embassy Suites



Enjoy a complimentary cooked-to-order breakfast and more at our upscale all-suite hotels.






Hilton Garden Inn



Treat yourself with amenities that help you work smarter, eat well, sleep deeply and stay fit. 






Hampton Inn



Count on Hampton to deliver quality, value, consistency and service with a smile. 






Tru by Hilton



A revolutionary new brand that is simplified, spirited and grounded in value for guests with a zest for life and a desire for human connection.






Homewood Suites



Whether you’re traveling for a few nights or a few months, you can Make Yourself at Home®.






Home2 Suites



Introducing Home2 Suites by Hilton® – an all-suite brand of extended stay hotels. 






Hilton Grand Vacations



Enjoy all of the benefits of owning your own vacation home – with none of the hassles. 







Hilton Honors Worldwide



Make your travel experience better with Hilton Honors and enjoy instant benefits at every hotel.







Global Sites:




العربية




Български




简体中文




繁體中文




Česky




Dansk




Nederlands




Suomi




Deutsch




Français




Italiano




日本語




한국어




Norsk




Polski




Português




România




Pусский




Español




ไทย




Türkçe



Svenska







Hilton




About Hilton Hotels & Resorts




Hilton Affiliates




Site Map




Careers




Development




Media




Shop Our Products at Hilton to Home




RoomKey.com




Web Accessibility




Customer Support



1-800-HILTONS


International (+800 4445 8667)



Hilton Honors Discount Terms & Conditions




Global Privacy Statement




Cookies Statement 




Site Usage Agreement



©2017 Hilton























Hilton Honors - A Hotel Rewards Program






































Skip to Content






My Reservations
My Reservations
View Promotions




Sign In
Join


 
     /   
My Account
Sign Out



Show Sign In Form





 



 





View/change a specific reservation:


Your Confirmation #





Last Name



Find 


Find





- OR -


Sign in to view all reservations in your account




Existing Travel Reservations:


Car Rental Details




Close





Your Next Stay:
See all

 
 

Digital Key Offered


View/Edit



Go To My Account Page
Update your password regularly to keep your account safe. 


Your Last Stay:
See all

 
 

View Receipt
Book Again





Join Hilton Honors™ Upgrade your account and earn points at over 3,600 hotels in 82 countries around the world.
Join Hilton Honors 












Elite Status Progress



							
								   
								 | 
							
						
							

							
								   
								 | 
							
						
							












												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 















												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 















												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 










Status:
						Lifetime Diamond

With Lifetime Diamond, there is no expiration and no re-qualifying for your status - ever again!




Close














Languages:

العربية
Български
简体中文
繁體中文
Česky
Dansk
Nederlands
Suomi
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Norsk
Polski
Português
România
Pусский
Español
Svenska
ไทย
Türkçe



Submit








Hilton Honors


HH


Skip brand navigation




Member Benefits


Points


Offers


Access


Travel Inspiration


DOWNLOAD APP


Get Support


 






Skip reservation widget

Find a Hotel















Where are you going?

Find a hotel. You may enter a City, Airport, Address, Attraction or Hotel

No search results found.
results were found. Press up and down key to select.






Arrival


You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your arrival date is within the next year.

 


Departure


You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your departure date is within four months of your arrival.

 







Use Points

*Best Price Guarantee








						 Rooms
					

				
				
				
					Adults (18+)


			
				
				
					Children
				
			
			



Rooms

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26+



Adults in Room 1

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 1

0
1
2
3
4






Room 2:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 2

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 2

0
1
2
3
4






Room 3:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 3

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 3

0
1
2
3
4






Room 4:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 4

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 4

0
1
2
3
4






Room 5:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 5

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 5

0
1
2
3
4






Room 6:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 6

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 6

0
1
2
3
4






Room 7:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 7

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 7

0
1
2
3
4






Room 8:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 8

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 8

0
1
2
3
4






Room 9:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 9

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 9

0
1
2
3
4













Use flexible dates





|
More Options
Less Options


								Add special rate codes
								

Special Rates






Promotion/Offer Code:





Group Code:





Corporate Account:









Travel Agent



AAA Rate *



AARP Rate *



Senior Rate *



Government / Military Rates *

* ID required at check-in


Close





Find it 


Find it


Close Form











  
















Double Pointson Every StayNo limits. No minimums. No restrictions.More DetailsNo limits. No minimums. No restrictions.





AAA/CAA Member DiscountSave up to 10% offMore DetailsSave up to 10% off





2X Points PackageEarn Double Hilton Honors Points for every nightMore DetailsEarn Double Hilton Honors Points for every night





Leisure EscapesEscape to paradise with a $50 daily resort creditMore DetailsEscape to paradise with a $50 daily resort credit





















 AAA/CAA Family Fun Offer
Vacation value your whole family will enjoy


AAA members can enjoy breakfast for four, premium Wi-Fi, and 5% off at participating hotels or resorts.

More Details





 Join Hilton Honors
Enjoy instant benefits


Hilton Honors members get the lowest price anywhere and free standard Wi-Fi.

More Details





 Family Fun Package
Make your next family getaway great


Wake up to breakfast for four and internet access when you book your next stay at  participating hotels.

More Details




FacebookInstagramTwitter


 



Skip to top of page










Waldorf



The luxury brand offering a unique service experience and the world’s landmark hotels. 






Conrad



A world of style, service and connection for today’s sophisticated traveler.






Canopy



Canopy is the fresh, neighborhood hotel that delivers a positive stay. 






Hilton



The global leader in hospitality with more than 550 hotels & resorts across six continents.






Curio Collection



A collection of unique hotels appealing to travelers seeking local discovery.






Double Tree 



Warm. Comfortable. Smart. The hotel that turns travel into a human experience again.






Tapestry Collection by Hilton



A collection of hotels that gives you the peace of mind to travel independently.






Embassy Suites



Enjoy a complimentary cooked-to-order breakfast and more at our upscale all-suite hotels.






Hilton Garden Inn



Treat yourself with amenities that help you work smarter, eat well, sleep deeply and stay fit. 






Hampton Inn



Count on Hampton to deliver quality, value, consistency and service with a smile. 






Tru by Hilton



A revolutionary new brand that is simplified, spirited and grounded in value for guests with a zest for life and a desire for human connection.






Homewood Suites



Whether you’re traveling for a few nights or a few months, you can Make Yourself at Home®.






Home2 Suites



Introducing Home2 Suites by Hilton® – an all-suite brand of extended stay hotels. 






Hilton Grand Vacations



Enjoy all of the benefits of owning your own vacation home – with none of the hassles. 







Hilton Honors Worldwide



Make your travel experience better with Hilton Honors and enjoy instant benefits at every hotel.







Global Sites: 




العربية




Български




Česky




简体中文




繁体中文




Dansk




Nederlands




Suomi




Français




Deutsch




Italiano




日本語




한국어




Norsk




Polski




Português




România




Pусский




Español




Svenska




ไทย



Türkçe







Top Destinations




Austin




Chicago




Dallas




Denver




Hawaii




London




Miami




Orlando




San Francisco




Washington DC




New Orleans




San Diego




Manhattan




Houston




Hilton




Site Map




Careers




Franchise Development




Press Room




Web Accessibility




Customer Support



1-800-4HONORS



Hilton Honors Discount Terms & Conditions




Global Privacy Statement




Cookies Statement




Hilton Honors Terms & Conditions




Site Usage Agreement



©2017 Hilton


























Special Offers from Hilton Hotels and Resorts






































Skip to Content






My Reservations
My Reservations
View Promotions




Sign In
Join


 
     /   
My Account
Sign Out



Show Sign In Form





 



 





View/change a specific reservation:


Your Confirmation #





Last Name



Find 


Find





- OR -


Sign in to view all reservations in your account




Existing Travel Reservations:


Car Rental Details




Close





Your Next Stay:
See all

 
 

Digital Key Offered


View/Edit



Go To My Account Page
Update your password regularly to keep your account safe. 


Your Last Stay:
See all

 
 

View Receipt
Book Again





Join Hilton Honors™ Upgrade your account and earn points at over 3,600 hotels in 82 countries around the world.
Join Hilton Honors 












Elite Status Progress



							
								   
								 | 
							
						
							

							
								   
								 | 
							
						
							












												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 















												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 















												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 










Status:
						Lifetime Diamond

With Lifetime Diamond, there is no expiration and no re-qualifying for your status - ever again!




Close












HI



Skip brand navigation



OFFERS


MEETINGS & EVENTS


RESORTS


ABOUT HILTON










skip form











Where do you want to go?

Where do you want to go? You may enter a City, Airport, Address, Attraction, Hotel

No search results found.
results were found. Press up and down key to select.





Arrival


You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your arrival date is within the next year.

 


Departure


You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your departure date is within four months of your arrival.

 









Use flexible dates








						 Rooms
					

				
				
				
					Adults (18+)


			
				
				
					Children
				
			
			



Rooms

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26+



Adults in Room 1

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 1

0
1
2
3
4






Room 2:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 2

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 2

0
1
2
3
4






Room 3:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 3

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 3

0
1
2
3
4






Room 4:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 4

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 4

0
1
2
3
4






Room 5:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 5

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 5

0
1
2
3
4






Room 6:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 6

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 6

0
1
2
3
4






Room 7:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 7

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 7

0
1
2
3
4






Room 8:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 8

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 8

0
1
2
3
4






Room 9:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 9

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 9

0
1
2
3
4









*Best Price Guarantee
|
More Options
Less Options

Add special rate codes
Special Rates



 Find it
 
Find it
Check Availability





Promotion/Offer Code:





Group Code:





Corporate Account:








Use Points




Travel Agent



AAA Rate *



AARP Rate *



Senior Rate *



Government / Military Rates *

* ID required at check-in


Close


Close








 




With special rates and complimentary breakfasts for two - from healthy to decadent - our Bed & Breakfast packages are the perfect way for you to relax and recharge.Bed & Breakfast

End of tab panel




MEETINGSOur professional atmosphere, helpful technology and planning tools can ensure your meeting is a success.Schedule a meeting 


SPECIAL EVENTSFrom the right setting to the right menu, we can help with every detail of your event.Plan an event 


WEDDINGSYour big day is special to us, too. We can provide the ideal atmosphere and service for your wedding rehearsal, ceremony, reception and more.Plan a wedding End of tab panel





Relax on the beach, tee off on some of the world's best courses, or do nothing but relax. Find your perfect getaway at Hilton Resorts. Hilton Resorts

End of tab panel





With more than 550 locations across six continents, Hilton Hotels & Resorts provide an authentic and contemporary experience for guests worldwide. Explore Hilton Hotels & Resorts



Our Story


Our Locations


Our New Hotels


About Us


End of tab panel







 










Find an Offer





By Location

 Where are you going? You may enter a  City, airport, hotel, zip

No search results found.
 results were found. Press up and down key to select.





Arrival


You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your arrival date is within the next year.




Departure


You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your departure date is within four months of your arrival.






By Category

City Offers


Featured Offers


Hilton Honors Offers


Last Minute Deals


Partner Bonus Offers


Resort Offers


Weekend/Short Getaway





By Interest


By InterestCollapse
By InterestExpand




Attractions & Entertainment


Beach


Dining


Family


Romance





Find Offers













Previous Image








the Hilton gift card


							
								
								
								
							the Hilton gift card 
						
Use at any Hilton hotel to cover room charges, drinks at the bar, a round of golf or a spa service
More Details 


TRENDING OFFER!


Encourage HH members to purchase and gift AMEX gift cards








Next Image










Share


Print



menu_item_offers
HILTON OFFERS

When it’s time for a getaway, Hilton offers unique travel packages and hotel discounts. Search our latest hotel special offers by location, date of travel, package type or by what interests you.



offers









Compare offer earn 85,000 bonus points
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								earn 85,000 bonus points 
						
						
						
Spend $3,000 with the Hilton Honors Surpass Card from American Express in the first 3 months.






More Details  about earn 85,000 bonus points






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer earn 500 more points 
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								earn 500 more points  
						
						
						
Book with the Hilton Honors app and get 500 Points for each completed stay through December 31.






More Details  about earn 500 more points 


Sign Up




TRENDING OFFER!










Compare offer 3-DAY SALE
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								Up to 15% Off 3-DAY SALE 
						
						
						
Save up to 15% on stays in the Caribbean.






More Details  about 3-DAY SALE


BOOK NOW




TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer LEISURE ESCAPES
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								LEISURE ESCAPES 
						
						
						
Give yourself the getaway you deserve with a $50 credit (or local currency equivalent*) daily credit on your next trip. Use your on-property credit for dining, shopping, relaxing and more.






More Details  about LEISURE ESCAPES






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer breakfast
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								bed & breakfast 
						
						
						
Make the most of your weekend and book a Bed & Breakfast package at participating destinations.






More Details  about breakfast






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer 2X Points Package
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								2X Points Package 
						
						
						
Your next trip could be twice as rewarding with the 2X Points Package when you book your stay at any participating Hilton Hotels & Resorts.






More Details  about 2X Points Package






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer Instant Getaway
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								Instant Getaway 
						
						
						
The best things in life are free. At Hilton, that includes a complimentary drink upon arrival and in-room breakfast for two. So grab your friends or significant other—it’s time to get away in style.






More Details  about Instant Getaway






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer Advance Purchase
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								Advance Purchase 
						
						
						
Save up to 20% off our Best Available Rate* by booking with us in advance.






More Details  about Advance Purchase






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer STAY HILTON. GO OUT. 
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								STAY HILTON. GO OUT.  
						
						
						
Discover destinations around the world and enjoy two welcome beverages, Premium Wi-Fi and late checkout.






More Details  about STAY HILTON. GO OUT. 






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer Weekend Getaway Package
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								Weekend Getaway Package 
						
						
						
Be spontaneous - get up and go for a weekend adventure with our Weekend Getaway Package.  Earn Double Points while taking advantage of Internet access, breakfast, and late checkout.






More Details  about Weekend Getaway Package






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer Breakfast & Wi-Fi
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								Breakfast & Wi-Fi 
						
						
						
Start your morning off right. Recharge with daily breakfast and internet access when you book the Breakfast & Wi-Fi package.






More Details  about Breakfast & Wi-Fi






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer Military Family Rate
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								Military Family Rate 
						
						
						
Enjoy exclusive savings for active & retired military, veterans and their families on leisure stays. Relax, unwind and put your feet up — you’ve earned it.






More Details  about Military Family Rate






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer package
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								family fun package 
						
						
						
Wake up to breakfast for four and internet access when you book your next stay at participating hotels.






More Details  about package






TRENDING OFFER










Compare offer in paradise
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								another day in paradise 
						
						
						
Extend your resort vacation with a free night.






More Details  about in paradise


Book Today




TRENDING OFFER!










Compare offer make it a 3-day weekend
Compare this offer
,
You can compare up to 4 offers




						
								
						
								
									
									
									
								make it a 3-day weekend 
						
						
						
Turn your weekend into a mini vacation with the Long Weekender package. Save 50% on Sunday night.






More Details  about make it a 3-day weekend


Book Now




TRENDING OFFER





Compare

Compare



<

Page:
Page 1
Page 2



> Page

















											 
										



Skip to top of page










Waldorf



The luxury brand offering a unique service experience and the world’s landmark hotels. 






Conrad



A world of style, service and connection for today’s sophisticated traveler.






Canopy



Canopy is the fresh, neighborhood hotel that delivers a positive stay. 






Hilton



The global leader in hospitality with more than 550 hotels & resorts across six continents.






Curio Collection



A collection of unique hotels appealing to travelers seeking local discovery.






Double Tree 



Warm. Comfortable. Smart. The hotel that turns travel into a human experience again.






Tapestry Collection by Hilton



A collection of hotels that gives you the peace of mind to travel independently.






Embassy Suites



Enjoy a complimentary cooked-to-order breakfast and more at our upscale all-suite hotels.






Hilton Garden Inn



Treat yourself with amenities that help you work smarter, eat well, sleep deeply and stay fit. 






Hampton Inn



Count on Hampton to deliver quality, value, consistency and service with a smile. 






Tru by Hilton



A revolutionary new brand that is simplified, spirited and grounded in value for guests with a zest for life and a desire for human connection.






Homewood Suites



Whether you’re traveling for a few nights or a few months, you can Make Yourself at Home®.






Home2 Suites



Introducing Home2 Suites by Hilton® – an all-suite brand of extended stay hotels. 






Hilton Grand Vacations



Enjoy all of the benefits of owning your own vacation home – with none of the hassles. 







Hilton Honors Worldwide



Make your travel experience better with Hilton Honors and enjoy instant benefits at every hotel.







Global Sites:




العربية




Български




简体中文




繁體中文




Česky




Dansk




Nederlands




Suomi




Deutsch




Français




Italiano




日本語




한국어




Norsk




Polski




Português




România




Pусский




Español




ไทย




Türkçe



Svenska







Hilton




About Hilton Hotels & Resorts




Hilton Affiliates




Site Map




Careers




Development




Media




Shop Our Products at Hilton to Home




RoomKey.com




Web Accessibility




Customer Support



1-800-HILTONS


International (+800 4445 8667)



Hilton Honors Discount Terms & Conditions




Global Privacy Statement




Cookies Statement 




Site Usage Agreement



©2017 Hilton























Hilton Hotels and Resorts - Find Hotel Rooms






































Skip to Content






My Reservations
My Reservations
View Promotions




Sign In
Join


 
     /   
My Account
Sign Out



Show Sign In Form





 



 





View/change a specific reservation:


Your Confirmation #





Last Name



Find 


Find





- OR -


Sign in to view all reservations in your account




Existing Travel Reservations:


Car Rental Details




Close





Your Next Stay:
See all

 
 

Digital Key Offered


View/Edit



Go To My Account Page
Update your password regularly to keep your account safe. 


Your Last Stay:
See all

 
 

View Receipt
Book Again





Join Hilton Honors™ Upgrade your account and earn points at over 3,600 hotels in 82 countries around the world.
Join Hilton Honors 












Elite Status Progress



							
								   
								 | 
							
						
							

							
								   
								 | 
							
						
							












												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 















												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 















												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 







												 
												 










Status:
						Lifetime Diamond

With Lifetime Diamond, there is no expiration and no re-qualifying for your status - ever again!




Close












HI



Skip brand navigation



OFFERS


MEETINGS & EVENTS


RESORTS


ABOUT HILTON







Languages:

العربية
Български
简体中文
繁體中文
Česky
Dansk
Nederlands
Suomi
Deutsch
Français
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Norsk
Polski
Português
România
Pусский
Español
Svenska
ไทย
Türkçe



Submit










skip form











Where do you want to go?

Where do you want to go? You may enter a City, Airport, Address, Attraction, Hotel

No search results found.
results were found. Press up and down key to select.





Check-in


You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your arrival date is within the next year.

 


Check-out


You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your departure date is within four months of your arrival.

 



Our Best Price Guarantee >






Use flexible dates




Tell us about your party




						 Rooms
					

				
				
				
					Adults (18+)


			
				
				
					Children
				
			
			



Rooms

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26+



Adults in Room 1

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 1

0
1
2
3
4






Room 2:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 2

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 2

0
1
2
3
4






Room 3:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 3

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 3

0
1
2
3
4






Room 4:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 4

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 4

0
1
2
3
4






Room 5:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 5

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 5

0
1
2
3
4






Room 6:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 6

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 6

0
1
2
3
4






Room 7:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 7

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 7

0
1
2
3
4






Room 8:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 8

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 8

0
1
2
3
4






Room 9:
				
			
                   

Adults in Room 9

1
2
3
4




Children in Room 9

0
1
2
3
4









|
More Options
Less Options

Add a Special Rate Code
Special Rates



 Go
 
Find it
Check Availability




Enter promo code

Promotion/Offer Code:





Group Code:





Corporate Account:






Or select a special rate


Use Points




Travel Agent



AAA Rate *



AARP Rate *



Senior Rate *



Gov/Military rates *

* ID required at check-in


< Back


Close

ADVANCED SEARCH
X CLOSE









 




With special rates and complimentary breakfasts for two - from healthy to decadent - our Bed & Breakfast packages are the perfect way for you to relax and recharge.Bed & Breakfast

End of tab panel




MEETINGSOur professional atmosphere, helpful technology and planning tools can ensure your meeting is a success.Schedule a meeting 


SPECIAL EVENTSFrom the right setting to the right menu, we can help with every detail of your event.Plan an event 


WEDDINGSYour big day is special to us, too. We can provide the ideal atmosphere and service for your wedding rehearsal, ceremony, reception and more.Plan a wedding End of tab panel





Relax on the beach, tee off on some of the world's best courses, or do nothing but relax. Find your perfect getaway at Hilton Resorts. Hilton Resorts

End of tab panel





With more than 550 locations across six continents, Hilton Hotels & Resorts provide an authentic and contemporary experience for guests worldwide. Explore Hilton Hotels & Resorts



Our Story


Our Locations


Our New Hotels


About Us


End of tab panel







 


menu_item_home





Previous Image








Savor summer weekends before they're gone. Plan your getaway now.









Next Image














Like Us


Follow Us


Instagram


YouTube


Pinterest


Google+


@HiltonSuggests







Email NewsletterEnter Email Address

Sign Up















											 
										



Skip to top of page










Waldorf



The luxury brand offering a unique service experience and the world’s landmark hotels. 






Conrad



A world of style, service and connection for today’s sophisticated traveler.






Canopy



Canopy is the fresh, neighborhood hotel that delivers a positive stay. 






Hilton



The global leader in hospitality with more than 550 hotels & resorts across six continents.






Curio Collection



A collection of unique hotels appealing to travelers seeking local discovery.






Double Tree 



Warm. Comfortable. Smart. The hotel that turns travel into a human experience again.






Tapestry Collection by Hilton



A collection of hotels that gives you the peace of mind to travel independently.






Embassy Suites



Enjoy a complimentary cooked-to-order breakfast and more at our upscale all-suite hotels.






Hilton Garden Inn



Treat yourself with amenities that help you work smarter, eat well, sleep deeply and stay fit. 






Hampton Inn



Count on Hampton to deliver quality, value, consistency and service with a smile. 






Tru by Hilton



A revolutionary new brand that is simplified, spirited and grounded in value for guests with a zest for life and a desire for human connection.






Homewood Suites



Whether you’re traveling for a few nights or a few months, you can Make Yourself at Home®.






Home2 Suites



Introducing Home2 Suites by Hilton® – an all-suite brand of extended stay hotels. 






Hilton Grand Vacations



Enjoy all of the benefits of owning your own vacation home – with none of the hassles. 







Hilton Honors Worldwide



Make your travel experience better with Hilton Honors and enjoy instant benefits at every hotel.







Global Sites:




العربية




Български




简体中文




繁體中文




Česky




Dansk




Nederlands




Suomi




Deutsch




Français




Italiano




日本語




한국어




Norsk




Polski




Português




România




Pусский




Español




ไทย




Türkçe



Svenska







Hilton




About Hilton Hotels & Resorts




Hilton Affiliates




Site Map




Careers




Development




Media




Shop Our Products at Hilton to Home




RoomKey.com




Web Accessibility




Customer Support



1-800-HILTONS


International (+800 4445 8667)



Hilton Honors Discount Terms & Conditions




Global Privacy Statement




Cookies Statement 




Site Usage Agreement



©2017 Hilton
























Hilton Resorts | Hotel Rooms, Reservations & Leisure Hotels















































Offers
Meetings & Events
Resorts
About Hilton




      Make A Reservation
       






Where do you want to go?



Check-in




Check-out




Search for:


All Brands



Hilton Only



Advanced Search >



Tell us about your party

Rooms

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26+



Adults(18+)

1
2
3
4



Children

0
1
2
3
4






Use flexible dates




GO

Our Best Price Guarantee >



X CLOSE









Explore The World
Customize your search with the options below or view all results




Chad
Egypt
South Africa
Tanzania
 
Australasia
Greater China & Mongolia
India, Sri Lanka & Indian Ocean
Japan, Korea & Guam
Southeast Asia
 
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Curacao
Honduras
Jamaica
Puerto Rico
 
France
Italy
Malta
Portugal
Romania
Spain
Turkey
UK
 
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Oman
Saudi Arabia
UAE
 
Canada
Mexico
United States & Hawaii
 
Costa Rica
Peru
Uruguay
 

Where do you want to go?






What do you want to do?
All Inclusive
Beach
Family
Golf
Pool & Cabana
Ski
Spa
Tennis
Wedding


What do you want to do?






Select by brand
Conrad
Curio
Doubletree By Hilton
Embassy Suites
Hilton
Waldorf Astoria


Select by brand










Conrad





Curio





Doubletree By Hilton





Embassy Suites





Hilton





Waldorf Astoria








All Inclusive

All Inclusive




Beach

Beach




Family

Family




Golf

Golf




Pool & Cabana

Pool & Cabana




Ski

Ski




Spa

Spa




Tennis

Tennis




Wedding

Wedding





















Africa
Chad
Egypt
South Africa
Tanzania
 Asia Pacific
Australasia
Greater China & Mongolia
India, Sri Lanka & Indian Ocean
Japan, Korea & Guam
Southeast Asia
 Caribbean
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Curacao
Honduras
Jamaica
Puerto Rico
 Europe
France
Italy
Malta
Portugal
Romania
Spain
Turkey
UK
 Middle East
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Oman
Saudi Arabia
UAE
 North America
Canada
Mexico
United States & Hawaii
 South America
Costa Rica
Peru
Uruguay
 



Explore Offers at our Resorts





Family Fun PackageBreakfast for 4 & Premium Wi-Fi







Leisure Escapes$50 Daily Credit







Another Day in Paradise







Make it a 3-day weekendSave 50% on Sundays







Visit Hawaii







Visit Hilton Sandestin Beach 













resorts match your selection matches, please select different options






OR SEE ALL RESORTS














View All Resorts
View More

 































Hilton Resorts | Hotel Rooms, Reservations & Leisure Hotels















































Offers
Meetings & Events
Resorts
About Hilton




      Make A Reservation
       






Where do you want to go?



Check-in




Check-out




Search for:


All Brands



Hilton Only



Advanced Search >



Tell us about your party

Rooms

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26+



Adults(18+)

1
2
3
4



Children

0
1
2
3
4






Use flexible dates




GO

Our Best Price Guarantee >



X CLOSE









Explore The World
Customize your search with the options below or view all results




Chad
Egypt
South Africa
Tanzania
 
Australasia
Greater China & Mongolia
India, Sri Lanka & Indian Ocean
Japan, Korea & Guam
Southeast Asia
 
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Curacao
Honduras
Jamaica
Puerto Rico
 
France
Italy
Malta
Portugal
Romania
Spain
Turkey
UK
 
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Oman
Saudi Arabia
UAE
 
Canada
Mexico
United States & Hawaii
 
Costa Rica
Peru
Uruguay
 

Where do you want to go?






What do you want to do?
All Inclusive
Beach
Family
Golf
Pool & Cabana
Ski
Spa
Tennis
Wedding


What do you want to do?






Select by brand
Conrad
Curio
Doubletree By Hilton
Embassy Suites
Hilton
Waldorf Astoria


Select by brand










Conrad





Curio





Doubletree By Hilton





Embassy Suites





Hilton





Waldorf Astoria








All Inclusive

All Inclusive




Beach

Beach




Family

Family




Golf

Golf




Pool & Cabana

Pool & Cabana




Ski

Ski




Spa

Spa




Tennis

Tennis




Wedding

Wedding





















Africa
Chad
Egypt
South Africa
Tanzania
 Asia Pacific
Australasia
Greater China & Mongolia
India, Sri Lanka & Indian Ocean
Japan, Korea & Guam
Southeast Asia
 Caribbean
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Curacao
Honduras
Jamaica
Puerto Rico
 Europe
France
Italy
Malta
Portugal
Romania
Spain
Turkey
UK
 Middle East
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Oman
Saudi Arabia
UAE
 North America
Canada
Mexico
United States & Hawaii
 South America
Costa Rica
Peru
Uruguay
 



Explore Offers at our Resorts





Family Fun PackageBreakfast for 4 & Premium Wi-Fi







Leisure Escapes$50 Daily Credit







Another Day in Paradise







Make it a 3-day weekendSave 50% on Sundays







Visit Hawaii







Visit Hilton Sandestin Beach 













resorts match your selection matches, please select different options






OR SEE ALL RESORTS














View All Resorts
View More

 



























