










 







HiProb-I Fund, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Wang  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









HiProb-I Fund, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2 Kitson Park Drive  
    Lexington, MA, 02421Phone: 781-836-4008 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-06


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Chuan Wang 
 Executive 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









HiProb Trading Technology LLC - ABOUTHome About Investment Contact ABOUTHiProb Trading Technology LLC and ﻿HiProb Capital Management LLC are both Limited Liability Companies, organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, having a business office located in Greater Boston of Massachusetts.   They are dedicated to providing alternative investment services to “Qualified Eligible Persons” (QEP) as defined in United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") Regulation 4.7(a).   HiProb ﻿Trading Technology LLC is registered with the CFTC as a Commodity Trading Advisor ("CTA").   HiProb Capital Management LLC is registered with the CFTC as a Commodity Pool Operator ("CPO").  They ﻿both are members of the National Futures Association ("NFA"), and currently made up of two registered NFA members.﻿     Copyright 2016.    HiProb Trading Technology LLC.          All rights reserved.  
HiProb Trading Technology LLC - HOME Home About Investment Contact HOME    Copyright 2016.    HiProb Trading Technology LLC.          All rights reserved.  



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











HiProb-I Fund, LP  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











HiProb-I Fund, LP  Financing
HiProb-I Fund, LP just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite financing.  This is a new filing. HiProb-I Fund, LP was able to sell $0. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 0 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $1,000,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-12-06. HiProb-I Fund, LP is based in  2 KITSON PARK DRIVE  LEXINGTON 02421. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  Chuan Wang.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001691563




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
HiProb-I Fund, LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
HiProb-I Fund, LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2 KITSON PARK DRIVE

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


LEXINGTON
MASSACHUSETTS
02421
781-836-4008


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Wang
Chuan


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2 Kitson Park Drive

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Lexington
MASSACHUSETTS
02421



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Manager of General Partner
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





X
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


X
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale

X
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$1,000,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$0

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
0


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


HiProb-I Fund, LP
/s/Chuan Wang
Chuan Wang
Manager of General Partner
2016-12-06


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




HiProb-I Fund, LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-06New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$1,000,000006b 3C 3C.1[view]
HiProb-I Fund, LP List of ExecutivesChuan Wang











Last visited: ALPHAKEYS GS INVESTMENT PARTNERS, L.L.C., UBS International Infrastructure Fund II (A), L.P., UBS International Infrastructure Fund II (B), L.P., UBS International Infrastructure Fund II (C), L.P., ALPHAKEYS MILLENNIUM FUND (OFFSHORE), LTD.

								© 
							















  HiProb Trading preps first fund launches | CTA Intelligence | An HFM network

 






 
































































Advertisement









MENU



































SEARCH >









HFMWeek
HFM Compliance
HFM InvestHedge


EuroHedge
HFM Technology
CTA Intelligence


Absolute Return
AsiaHedge
Alt Credit Intelligence




Membership services




 
 



Recently Saved Articles

You haven't saved any articles yet!










News
Analysis
Profiles
Opinion
Briefings
Performance
Digital Editions
Special Reports
About
 TOPICS 











themes





places





organizations





People















x

Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that you enjoy the best experience on our website. If you continue, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE >
LEARN MORE >


















Exclusive launches 
HiProb Trading preps first fund launches
Massachusetts CTA sets up Delaware and BVI vehicles


Chris Hawes 

								Thursday 24th November, 2016 9:01 AM ET								








EMAIL
PRINT
SHARESHARE












Massachusetts-based HiProb Trading is planning two fund launches over the next two months, CTA Intelligence has learned. HiProb founder Dr Chuan Wang told CTA Intelligence that the firm plans to launch Delaware and BVI feeder fund vehicles for its equity index-focused HiProb-I strategy. HiProb currently manages around $20m of client





Don't have an account? Register here

Username



Password



Forgot password?




Remember me




Problems logging in? email us at membersupport@hfm.global

 








Related Articles




						Tech entrepreneur turned CTA opens to outside investors					



						GSA Capital marketing head departs					



						Equinox moves to flat-fee model for Chesapeake mutual					



						LedgerX wins CFTC approval for cryptocurrency options exchange					



Latest News




					Man Group’s FoHF launches crisis risk offset Alpha Protect				



					Dalton Strategic to build out systematic macro business				



					Investors pull assets from CTAs for second month				



					Aspect opens two risk premia strategies to investors				



Editor's picks




		Swapping out		



		Back in the billions		



		FCMs’ still haunted by the past		



		Shinhan launches CTA platform for Korean investors		





 












Become a Member





		Becoming an HFM member opens up a whole world of benefits for you, your
		organization and your bottom line. Start a no obligation free trial to experience our service for yourself.
	



START A FREE TRIAL





FREE NEWSLETTER












+Specialist Networks for the latest industry trends
+Direct access to Industry Intelligence
+Benchmarking Your Firm
+Global Networking Opportunities
+Unique and Actionable Data Resources
+Dedicated Analysts and Account Handlers













































Hiprob 15 US | Managed Futures, Commodity Trading Advisors, Alternative Investments



































Members Login





Home
About BCM
Services
Products

Managed FuturesADM Investor Services Diversified Strategies Fund
CTA Database
Forex CTA Services
Research
Commodity Trading Advisors

A-Venture – Pro system
Advanced Risk – D&R
Alder – Global 10
Alder – Global 20
Ancile – Global Markets
Appleton – 10% Currency
Appleton – 25% Currency
Appleton – Global Opportunity
Artemis – Silver Managed Account
Aspen Managed Account
Attain – Modified
Attain – Strategic Diversification
BAM – Program 1
Barbashop – 3% Return
Blue Fin – Managed Commodities
Blue Fin – Managed FX
Briarwood – Diversified Trading
Bullfrog – Fundamental Agricultural
C-View – Currency leveraged
C-View – Currency standard
C-View – Emerging Currency
Capricorn – fxMT (Growth)
Capricorn – fxST (Aggressive)
Capricorn – fxST (Growth)
Celerity – FX Global
Censura – Technical Entry
Censura – Technical Entry
Cervino – Commodity Options
Cervino – Diversified Options 1X
Cervino – Diversified Options 2X
Chelkowski – Spot Currency
Chicago – Spread Arbitrage
Chicago – Strategic Option Writing
CKP – CKP LOMAX
ClaraVista – Thuban
Clarke – FX&Financial
Clarke – Global Basic
Clarke – Global Magnum
Clarke – Jupiter
Clarke – Millennium
Clarke – Omega
Clarke – Orion
Clarke – Worldwide
Claughton – Institutional
Commodity Capital – CCI
Crescent Bay – Balanced Volatility
Crescent Bay – Premium Index
Currency Insight – Diversified FX
Dighton – SFT 1X
Dighton – SFT 2X
Dighton – SFT Conservative
Dominion – Foreign Exchange
Dominion – Sapphire
Drury – Diversified Trend-Following
Drury – Financial
DynexCorp – Atlas FX Select
Ebisu – Diversified Futures
Elite – FXV1
Fall River – Global Strategies
Fall River – Global Strategies HL
FCI – Option Selling
First Quadrant – Managed Futures
Forbes Futures
Future Gate – Aggressive Growth
Future Gate – NML
Futures Truth – Multiple Systems
FX Concepts – Developed Markets
FX Concepts – Global Currency
FXManager – ProfitSystems
GlobalReach – Macro
GrowthPoint – Iron Condor
Haar –  Tangible Commodity
Haar – Discretionary Ag-Only
Haar – Discretionary Commodity
Hansen – Comprehensive
Hansen – Managed Account
Hiprob 15 US
Hyman Beck – Global
Hyman Beck – Hyman Beck
Hyman Beck – Volatility Analytics
InvestProfit – Currency Alpha
JPD – Global Diversified
K4 – MVS LITE
K4 – MVS Trading
Kinkopf – Prop S&P
KMJ Currency
Kybrant – Select Strategies
Lambay – Short Term Currency
LJM Partners
Lo Sordo –  Aurora Multi Strategy
Lo Sordo – Global Diversified
Maestro – Global Trends-Standard
Marchese – Aggressive Diversified
MarketEthos – Plus 3x
MarketEthos – Standard
Merit – Cristl
Merit – Cristl Composite
Merit – Futures Portfolio
Mobius – Combo
Mobius – Custom
Mobius – Diversified
Mobius – Energy
Montague –  P – Option
Montague – P100
Montague – P50
Nantucket
NDX – Abednego
NDX – Methuselah
NDX – Shadrach
Northfield – Diversified
Nostradamus – Spotradar EUR/USD
Nostradamus – Spotradar GBP/USD
Nuwave – Combined Futures
Nuwave – Combined Futures 1X
Optimus – Diversified
Oxeye –  FTSE-leveraged,uninsured
Oxeye – Crude Oil
Oxeye – Euro FX
Oxeye – FTSE Futures and Options
Oxeye – FTSE Options
Oxeye – FTSE-leveraged, insured
Pacific – Energies
Pacific – Vanguard
Parrot Trading Partners
Paskewitz – Contrarian
Pearlman – Silver Conservative
Pere Trading Program
Pirates of Profit – Cash COW
Plimsoll Capital – Headwind
Plimsoll Capital – Headwind 2x
Quantitative – Global
Quantitative – Ultra
Quantitative – Ultra
QuantMetrics – Directional
QuantMetrics – Premier
QuantTrading – FX Quant 10
QuantTrading – Options Quant
Quattro Capitallate
Quiddity – Earnings Diversification
Quiddity – FX
RAM Aggressive
RAM Conservative
Red Oak – Fundamental Trading
RHO – Altius 1XL
RiskTec – Developed Universe
Rivoli – V9
Robinson-Langley – Managed Account
Rochester Capital Limited
Rochester Capital Limited 2 – 5X
Rohrs & Company – Seasonal Commodities
Roy Funds – Large Cap
RQSIate – Managed Futures-leveraged
Shri –  Market Neutral
Stein – Trading Edge
Stein – Trading Edge LT
Strategic Investments – Commodity
Strategic Investments – Currency
Strategic Investments – Equity Hedge
Systrade – IQ Managed Futures
T4T
T4T – Borromeo
TMS Trade
TNT CT500-S&P DTI
Tri Global FX – Metro
Tucson – TAMI Macro
Tucson – TAMI Macro
TYL – Blend Diversified
Tzanetatos – Global Titan/Original
Tzanetatos – Global Titan/Original
UNISystems –  5D Option
Vaca – Global Diversified
Vaca – Global Diversified
Valu-Trac – Strategic-4X
Valu-Trac – Strategic-4X
VanKar – EVE Spread Index
VanKar – EVE Spread Trading
Villano – Global Diversified
Vision – Global Futures
Welton – Global Directional
Winkler – Storojinets-FX
WST RMP
Xtrade – Absolute L/S
Xtrade – Futures Indices
YaoSun – Stock Indices
Zenith – Diversified option
Zenith – Index option


Execution & Clearing
Trading Platforms
Our Process
Risks & Conflicts


Resources
Blog
Contact Us






Balarie Capital Mgmt.
				Chicago Board of Trade Building
				141 West Jackson Blvd.

				Suite 1600A
				Chicago, Illinois 60604
				T: 312.242.7922
				TF: 877.377.7922
				F: 312.242.7923
				E: info@balariecapital.com















Commodity Trading Advisors
 



COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR
Hiprob 15 US


TRADING PROGRAM



MINIMUM ACCOUNT
$50,000 usd



TRADING STRATEGY
HiProb utilizes short term strategies and generally holds a position from 6 – 10 days.  By analyzing momentum behavior and swing action, the system will buy/sell high probability pullbacks in the direction of the long-term market trend.  The system uses price relationships and patterns to identify market conditions when significant short-term price movements are more likely than normal. These systems identify price levels where the market has reversed its short-term price movement and is likely to return to recent price levels. The portfolio’s targeted return to risk ratio is estimated to be two to one.  The objective is to deliver returns of approximately 15% per year with a targeted drawdown of less than 10%.  Due to the short-term nature of the strategy, position sizes are more easily adjusted to the investment equity level to assist in the risk management process.
TRADING STYLE: Systematic / financials / medium term



REQUEST MORE INFORMATION ON THIS MANAGER
 


TRADING PROGRAM
 









 

Feature Article
Strategy Diversification  
Indeed, it can be argued that the asset allocation model that was developed by Wall Street has extreme limitations. While much of the focus on that model is based on diversifying among different asset classes and finding investments that are non-correlated to each other, the model failed to provide investors with the benefits that it has espoused over the past few decades.  Why? 

						read more


What are futures?
Click Here To Learn More About Managed Futures and Commodity Trading Advisors
read more


The BCM Advantage
Our consultative portfolio approach and access to best of breed managers combined with the operational and financial integrity of our parent company, ADM Investor Services, Inc., makes BCM an ideal partner for all of your managed futures needs. Whether you are institutional investors, individual investors, or industry professionals looking to leverage our resources, we believe that we have a product or service that meets your needs.
read more


Affiliates
ADM Investor Services
Archer Financial Services ADM Derivatives
Archer Daniels Midland








Home
About BCM
Services
Products
Resources
Blog
Contact Us


DISCLAIMER: The risk of loss in trading futures and options contracts can be substantial. You should therefore, carefully consider whether such trading is suitable for you. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
Copyright © 2008 Balarie Capital Management. All rights reserved

Privacy Policy
Terms of use











HedgeZ Fund Profile
































HiProb Trading Technology
LLC (HiProb-I)

















Fund Investment Objectives











                                        The HiProb-I aims at absolute returns with negative correlation to S&P500 and others. It employs its patent techniques to generate positive net profits statistically with reduced volatility. The program will sell high only when major US stock index futures or options are relatively overpriced, and buy low only when relatively underpriced so that positive net profits can be achieved statistically, with high probability primarily from market inefficiencies. The program initially was targeted at a monthly return of 3.0% and a worst peak-to-valley drawdown of 7%, but is currently tuned to target at a monthly return of 1.5% and a worst peak-to-valley drawdown of 5%.  As a result, its recent performance has been improved in term of risk-adjusted return, and resulted in low volatility with Sharpe Ratio of over 5 (past 12 months).       

Its advantages include: (1) positive net returns in both rising and falling markets; (2) reduced risks by hedging and preserving capital in cash most of the time; (3) high liquidity by trading the most liquid assets; (4) negative or low correlation to the stock markets and others; and (5) high capital efficiency by using capital repeatedly and optimal leverage. 

Minimizing risks is our highest priority.  To avoid unnecessary market risks, the program preserves capital in cash most of the time.  It only takes risks that can be justified by corresponding profit potential.   Except for very short term or very low delta, the program manages established positions to be market neutral by selling overpriced US stock index futures or options while buying or hedging with a similar notional amount of another that is relatively underpriced.   The program constantly monitors risk/reward ratio for established positions.    Whenever having an open position, our risk control measures are in action 24 hours a day to cut large losses quickly. 
                                    

















 















 

    HiProb-I Rankings


















Toggle navigation





 

 
 


Toggle navigation



 
 






                    HiProb-I

                    
                                            
Claim


 


Quick Statistics:



            Current Rank:
        

           New
        



            Current Score:
        





            Current Rank:
        





            All-time Average Rank:
        

            298
        



            All-time Average Score:
        

            281
        



            Max Drawdown:
        





            Annualized Standard Deviation:
        





            Year to Date Return:
        





           5-Star Rating:
        



 

Recent Performance:



Month
HedgeRank™
Rank
Change
HedgeScore™
Score
Change
One Month Return
Return Amount
12 Month Return
5 Year Return
Total Assets




September / 2014

                311
            
 -27
273
 -15
1.05%
Unknown
23.22
164.14

                    $10,700,000
                


June / 2014

                284
            
 0
288
New
0.96%
Unknown
18.55
200.57

                    $10,600,000
                





Awards

This hedge fund has no awards.
 

Trophies

This hedge fund has not won any awards or trophies that we currently track. Are we missing something? 
 

Superlatives

 HiProb-I's best month
        was September 2014,
        ranked #311 with a HedgeScore of 273
                    earning a 1.05% positive return of
            $112,350.
 HiProb-I's worst month
            was June 2014
            , ranked #284 with a HedgeScore of 288
                            earning a 0.96% positive return of
                $101,760.
 

Graphs
Assets Under Management

Monthly Return Percentage

Return on Investment




Embed Options


Options:
            Quick Stats
            
            Recent Performance
            
            Trophies
            
            Superlatives
            
            Graphs
            




 
 
 


                Obligatory disclaimer: All of our data is crawled from the web and our understanding is that all hedge fund data is self-reported, meaning the data is only as good as the discloser is honest, and we obviously can't vouch for that.
                HedgeFundRanks.com is not an investment advisor. Use our rankings at your own risk!
            
 
 





















HiProb-I – RCM Alternatives







































































CTAs: Looking to work with RCM? Click Here!




















Search for:



 





HiProb-I



Home
HiProb-I
























+                    


+                

 





















QEP





 



0%
			RETURN
		

0%
			RISK
		

$0
            MINIMUM
		


 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT
TRACK RECORD LENGTH
SHARPE RATIO
















Assets UnderManagement









Return/RiskRating









Track RecordLength









Stock MarketCorrelation




 






MISC & DISCLAIMERS











 









































































 



Home
About

What We Do
How It Works
Our Team
History


Performance

View Curated Collections
Search the Database


Services

High Net Worth Investors
Institutional Investors
Asset Managers
Futures Traders & Hedgers

Futures Brokerage & Execution
Hedging & Ag Trading
Automated Trading Systems




Education

Why Alternatives
Managed Futures
Live Events & Meetings
FAQ


Blog
Contact RCM
Client Login










