




























Meet our management team – Teladoc for members















































Overview
Members 

How does it work?
What can I use it for?
Can I get a prescription?
Who are the doctors?


Businesses
 















Member LoginClient Login

Talk to a doctor or call 1-800-835-2362.








































Talk to a doctor or call 1-800-835-2362.

Member Login
Client Login

Overview
Get started now
How does it work?
What can I use it for?
Can I get a prescription?
Who are the doctors?
Teladoc for businesses
Teladoc for providers
Teladoc for investors
FAQS
Contact us
  




 















Meet our management team

Jason Gorevic
President & Chief Executive Officer
Jason Gorevic has served as president and chief executive officer of Teladoc, as well as a member of the board of directors since June 2009. Since taking the reins, Mr. Gorevic has led the company through tremendous growth and steered Teladoc through innovative program enhancements – driving the Company to its position today as the leading and fastest growing telemedicine firm in the United States.
Throughout his healthcare career, Mr. Gorevic has been a leader in the development, launch and management of innovative products and services that simultaneously deliver customer value and bottom-line results. In 2014, Mr. Gorevic was recognized by Ernst & Young as a regional winner of the EY Entrepreneur of the Year Award, and in 2003, at the age of 31, he was named one of Crain’s New York Business “40 Under 40″ executives. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in international relations from the University of Pennsylvania.
Learn more about Jason »

Mark Hirschhorn
Chief Operating Officer & Chief Financial Officer
Mark Hirschhorn is executive vice president, chief operating officer, and chief financial officer for Teladoc. He is responsible for advancing the company’s financial infrastructure and strategic direction, and developing Teladoc’s industry-leading operations.
With more than 25 years of financial management experience, Mr. Hirschhorn has worked with numerous entrepreneurial ventures in a variety of different market segments, serving as CFO for a number of technology companies including BT Radianz. Prior to that, he spent five years as the Vice President and Global Controller of RSL Communications, a publicly traded multinational telecommunications company, and as CFO of Delta Three Communications, a publicly traded RSL subsidiary and pioneer in VOIP technology. He is a CPA and a member of American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Hirschhorn holds bachelor’s degree from Rutgers University and a Masters of Business Administration from Rutgers Business School.
Learn more about Mark »

Peter Nieves
Chief Revenue Officer
Pete Nieves serves as executive vice president and chief revenue officer for Teladoc. He oversees all growth and product development.
Mr. Nieves possesses a deep understanding of the employer, payer and broker/consultant landscapes. Prior to joining Teladoc in early 2017, he was executive vice president, employer market at Optum, where he built the employer market solution to more than a $1 billion business. He also spent more than a decade with Mercer, successfully developing high performing teams that executed on well-defined growth strategies, and rising in the ranks to the role of senior partner, global growth strategy leader, Mercer Health and Benefits. He holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Iona College.
Learn more about Pete »

Henry DePhillips, M.D.
Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Henry DePhillips serves as chief medical officer of Teladoc. He is responsible for the overall delivery of high quality clinical care to Teladoc patients and the supervision and expansion of Teladoc’s physician network.
In addition to practicing family medicine early in his career, Dr. DePhillips experience includes serving as senior medical director for a major managed care company and several medical technology companies, and serving in a business development capacity for a leading consulting firm. He is an expert on use of informatics to influence personal and clinical decision-making. As a Fellow of the American Academy of Family Physicians (FAAFP), he has been recognized for his service in family medicine, leadership in the advancement of care and contributions to continuing professional development and medical education. He holds a bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from Trinity College and an M.D. from Hahnemann University School of Medicine.
Learn more about Henry »

Mike King
Chief Sales Officer
Mike King serves as chief sales officer for Teladoc. He is responsible for building and managing Teladoc’s sales organization as well as its client relationships.
Mr. King brings more than 17 years of management expertise and a depth of experience in the healthcare industry, including sales planning and strategy, multi-channel and consultative sales, channel partner and product marketing, and account management and client retention. Prior to his position with Teladoc, Mr. King held various posts managing sales and marketing programs at such organizations as Healthways Inc., Caresteps.com, Wellpath Community Health Plans, Doctors Health Plan and Aetna. He holds a bachelor’s degree in employment relations from Michigan State University and attended the general managers program at Harvard Business School.
Learn more about Mike »

Jeff Nadler
Chief Technology Officer
Jeff Nadler has served as Teladoc’s chief technology officer since 2011. He oversees all aspects of information technology at Teladoc including overall enterprise security.
Bringing more than 25 years of management experience, Mr. Nadler has specialized expertise in the healthcare, financial services and insurance industries, and broad experience building and managing large, high-performing IT teams and driving successful projects to completion. He is adept at developing enterprise-scale, custom application platforms with proven scalability, performance, security and reliability. And, he has significant experience architecting and managing high-performance websites, very large relational database systems and real-time financial industry trading systems. Mr. Nadler holds a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Union College.
Learn more about Jeff »

Alan C. Roga, MD
President, Provider Market
Dr. Alan Roga serves as president of the provider market for Teladoc. He has full P&L responsibility for the strategic direction and management of Teladoc services offered to hospitals, health systems, retail clinics and physician groups.
Dr. Roga was founder and chief executive officer of StatDoctors, a national telehealth company serving individual member-patients through agreements with organizations including hospitals and health systems. He led StatDoctors from its inception in 2009 to its acquisition by Teladoc in 2015. An emergency medicine physician, Dr. Roga is a fellow of the American College of Emergency Medicine and a diplomat of the American Board of Emergency Medicine. He holds a medical degree from the State University of New York at Stony Brook School of Medicine and a bachelor’s degree from the State University of New York at Albany.
Learn more about Alan »

Dan Trencher
Senior Vice President of Product & Corporate Strategy
Dan Trencher has served as senior vice president of product and strategy since 2014. He oversees the development and execution of new growth opportunities and initiatives for Teladoc, and he ensures the company delivers innovation throughout the product lifecycle, from long-term product roadmapping to project execution.
Mr. Trencher brings an unusual depth and breadth of experience in the healthcare industry, including hands-on product and operational expertise, development of analytically driven strategies, and the management and execution of growth initiatives across different healthcare customer segments. He also has developed and managed new growth initiatives involving varied components of the healthcare value chain, ranging from providers to disease management/wellness programs to health information technology. Mr. Trencher holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of Pennsylvania, and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Chicago.
Learn more about Dan »

Andrew Turitz
Senior Vice President of Business Development
Drew Turitz serves as senior vice president of business development. He is responsible for identifying, evaluating and executing growth opportunities for Teladoc through partnerships, acquisitions, joint ventures and other third-party relationships.
Mr. Turitz has nearly 15 years of experience in healthcare transactions, including the management of all phases of acquisitions, investments and partnerships—from analysis, diligence and transaction structuring to product integration, go-to-market strategies and operational implementation. He has advised on M&A transactions for Fortune 500 Companies, and led investments in and served on the board of directors for venture-backed companies. He is also an entrepreneur that has launched or joined numerous early-stage businesses. Mr. Turitz holds a bachelor’s degree from Stanford University and a Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
Learn more about Drew »

Adam C. Vandervoort
Chief Legal Officer
Adam Vandervoort has served Teladoc as chief legal officer since February 2015. He ensures that Teladoc complies with applicable law and also serves as secretary to its board of directors.
Prior to joining Teladoc, Mr. Vandervoort spent more than eight years as general counsel to Independence Holding Company, a publicly traded health insurance holding company. Before that, he was an in-house lawyer with FedEx Corporation and practiced law with the firm of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP. Mr. Vandervoort holds a J.D. degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School and is admitted to practice law in the states of California, Connecticut and New York.
Learn more about Adam »

Stephany Verstraete
Chief Marketing Officer
Stephany Verstraete has served as chief marketing officer for Teladoc since early 2016. She is responsible for leading consumer engagement strategies, and building Teladoc’s brand and consumer relationship management.
Ms. Verstraete is a seasoned ecommerce and marketing executive with more than 15 years of experience in leadership positions with high-profile brands including Match.com, Expedia, Kraft, Frito Lay and Hostess. She made the leap into healthcare at Truveris where Ms. Verstraete served as chief marketing officer. She has a proven track record of building digital brands and growing high-performing global teams. Ms. Verstraete holds an International Master of Business Administration from York University, and an Honors Bachelor of Economics from Queens University in Canada.

Learn more about Stephany »

Meet the team behind Teladoc

Meet our management team
Meet our board
Meet our investors

 







































 

Hirschhorn Mark K Md in Biddeford, Maine with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeBiddeford, MEHirschhorn Mark K MdBiddeford, ME Hirschhorn Mark K MdAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Gould, Mark A, MDBiddeford, ME 04005(207) 283-7040Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection2. Rolerson, Mark H, MD13 Industrial Park RdSaco, ME 04072(207) 283-8800Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection3. Braun, Mark, MD306 Us Route 1Scarborough, ME 04074(207) 883-0888Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection4. Braun Mark Md153 Us Route 1 Ste 5Scarborough, ME 04074(207) 883-0888Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection5. Piccirillo, Mark, MD324 Gannett DrSouth Portland, ME 04106(207) 482-7800Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection6. Mark Balles MD195 Fore River Pkwy Ste 480Portland, ME 04102(207) 773-3937Physicians & Surgeons, OphthalmologyWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection7. Goode Mark D22 Bramhall StPortland, ME 04102(207) 662-2661Physician AssistantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection8. Fourre, Mark W, MD22 Bramhall StPortland, ME 04102(207) 871-0111Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection9. Wrona, Mark A, MD22 Bramhall StPortland, ME 04102(207) 871-0111Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection10. Earnshaw, Mark, MD22 Bramhall StPortland, ME 04102(207) 662-0111Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection11. Parker, Mark G, MD19 West StPortland, ME 04102(207) 662-7180Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection12. Cienawski, Mark, MD43 Baxter BlvdPortland, ME 04101(207) 771-1717Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection13. Bouchard, Mark, MD272 Congress StPortland, ME 04101(207) 874-2466Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection14. Mark Aranson MD331 Veranda StPortland, ME 04103(207) 766-3125Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection15. Mark Rholl MD16 Hospital DrYork, ME 03909(207) 363-8430Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection16. Henschke, Mark R, MD15 Hospital DrYork, ME 03909(207) 363-4321Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection17. DR Mark P Cartier MD PC1 Brickyard LnYork, ME 03909(207) 363-8852Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection18. Berman, Mark, MD(1)15 Old Rollinsford RdDover, NH 03820(603) 742-7338Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteWorst Dr. I've ever been to. Only cares about getting his money not his patients health or we'll being. Won't do anything to help will only refer. A…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection19. Mark J Geppert MD237 Route 108Somersworth, NH 03878(603) 742-2007Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection20. Geppert, Mark J, MD7 Marsh Brook DrSomersworth, NH 03878(603) 742-2007Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection21. Mark Graziano MD35 Walker StKittery, ME 03904(207) 439-4430Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection22. Bardo, Mark R, MD426 Calef HwyBarrington, NH 03825(603) 664-9003Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection23. Lim, Mark D, MD - CLOSED25 June St # ASanford, ME 04073(207) 490-7474Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection24. Durcan, Mark M273 Payne RdScarborough, ME 04074(207) 618-9355Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection25. Wrona, Mark A100 Campus DrScarborough, ME 04074(207) 396-7600Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection26. Gorman, Mark J300 Southborough DrSouth Portland, ME 04106(207) 883-1414Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection27. E Elkinson Mark OD798 Main St Ste 6South Portland, ME 04106(207) 761-9055OptometristsPhysicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection28. Allen Mark Dr894 BroadwaySouth Portland, ME 04106(207) 699-2226Chiropractors & Chiropractic ServicesWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection29. Publicker, Mark632 Brighton AvePortland, ME 04102(207) 772-1411Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection30. Braun Mark360 Us Route 1Falmouth, ME 04105(207) 883-0888Physicians & SurgeonsSponsored LinksShowing1-30
of 32results12NextMap ViewSponsoredLaser Spine Institute(1)Serving the Biddeford area.(866) 382-7494WebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback

Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://health.usnews.com/doctors/mark-hirschhorn-340052" on this server.
Reference #18.36360760.1500890322.1764703







Mark Hirschhorn - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating & Financial Officer at TelaDoc, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Mark Hirschhorn
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating & Financial Officer at TelaDoc, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings Transactions 


Mark Hirschhorn
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating & Financial Officer at TelaDoc, Inc.



 Overview



Age



53
                                  (Born 06/24/1964)
                                              




Notable Companies


TelaDoc, Inc.

RCS, Inc.

BT Radianz




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 222 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
June 6, 2017





                        Technical Research on Healthcare Equities -- Rennova Health, Cerner, Veeva Systems, and Teladoc                    





GlobeNewswire
April 11, 2017





                        Teladoc to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results                    





Business Wire
January 30, 2017





                        Teladoc to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Financial Results                    





Business Wire
January 9, 2017





                        Teladoc Completes Record Visit Volume in 2016; Provides Preliminary Unaudited 2016 Results and 2017 Financial Outlook                    





Business Wire
December 14, 2016





                        Teladoc to Present at the 35th Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Itzhak Fisher

Executive Vice President-Global Business Development at The Nielsen Co.




Jason N. Gorevic

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at TelaDoc, Inc.





Tom Mawhinney

General Partner at Icon Ventures LLC




James K. Outland

President at NCP Management Holdings, Inc.





Yair Segev

Vice President-Analytics & Strategic Partnerships at The Nielsen Co.




Shraga Brosh

President at Manufacturers Association of Israel





Gerhard Weisschädel

Managing Director at Veronis Suhler Stevenson International Ltd.




Jeff Nadler

Chief Technology Officer at TelaDoc, Inc.





Gabriel R. Cappucci

Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President & Controller at Medco Health Solutions, Inc.




Michael H. King

Chief Sales Officer at TelaDoc, Inc.







See 212 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 212 More 


 


 Paths to Mark Hirschhorn



            Mark Hirschhorn          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Mark Hirschhorn






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Mark Hirschhorn.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 
Class of 1987 


Rutgers Business School

                  Rutgers Business School – Newark and New Brunswick (Rutgers Business School, RBS) is the graduate and undergraduate business school located on the Newark and New Brunswick campuses of Rutgers University. It was founded in 1929.

Rutgers Business School offers bachelor's, master's, and Ph.D. degrees. It offers Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees with concentrations in Accounting, Finance, Supply Chain Management, Pharmaceutical Management, Marketing, Market Research, Insights, & Analytics, Entrepreneurship, Management & Business Strategy, Global Business, and Information Management & Analytics. A concentration in Real Estate was added to the curriculum in 2013. The Rutgers Business School also offers a 14-month MBA in Public Accounting and masters degrees in Accounting (MACCY), Quantitative Finance (MQF), and Information Technology (MIT).                




 
Class of 1986 


Rutgers University

                  Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, is a leading national research university and the state’s preeminent, comprehensive public institution of higher education. Rutgers is dedicated to teaching that meets the highest standards of excellence; to conducting research that breaks new ground; and to providing services, solutions, and clinical care that help individuals and the local, national, and global communities where they live.

Founded in 1766, Rutgers teaches across the full educational spectrum: preschool to precollege; undergraduate to graduate; postdoctoral fellowships to residencies; and continuing education for professional and personal advancement.                





 Memberships



Member

                  Current                


American Institute of Certified Public Accountants

                  The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants provides vocational education in accounting. The company provides services to the accounting community, regulatory bodies, and other organizations. It also operates in Jersey City, Washington, and Lewisville. It was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in New York City, NY.                





 Career History



Executive Vice President, Chief Operating & Financial Officer

                                    2012 - Current                


TelaDoc, Inc.


                  Teladoc, Inc. engages in the provision of telehealth platform, delivering healthcare anytime, and anywhere via mobile devices, the internet, video, and phone. Its physicians treat a wide range of conditions and cases from acute diagnoses such as upper respiratory infection, urinary tract infection and sinusitis to dermatological conditions, anxiety and smoking cessation. The company was founded on June 13, 2002 by George Byron Brooks and is headquartered in Dallas, TX.                




Chief Financial Officer & Vice President

                                    2004 - Prior                


RCS, Inc.


                  RCS, Inc., part of RCS MediaGroup SpA, is an American company located in White Plains, NY, that develops radio computing services. The firm was founded by Larry A. Webb.                




Chief Financial Officer & Vice President

                                    2001 - 2002                


BT Radianz


                  BT Radianz provides information services to financial industries. Its network connects about 10,000 financial sites around the world. It also provides access to pre-trade, trade and post-trade applications from content and service providers. The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Dallas, TX.                




Vice President & Global Controller

                                    1996 - Prior                


RSL Communications Ltd.


                  RSL Communications Ltd. is a telecommunications company. It provides international and domestic telephone services to both carrier and commercial accounts. The company was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.                




Professional

                                    1986 - Prior                


Deloitte LLP


                  Deloitte LLP provides audit, consulting, financial advisory, risk management, tax, and related services. It offers financial transaction, regulatory, forensic and compliance, resilience and merger and acquisition services. The company was founded on March 7, 1995 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    Prior                


deltathree, Inc.


                  deltathree, Inc. provides integrated video and voice over Internet protocol telephony services, products, hosted solutions and infrastructure for partners, resellers and direct consumers. The company's operations management tools include account provisioning; e-commerce-based payment processing systems; billing and account management; operations management; web development; network management; and customer care. Its direct-to-consumer channel includes its joip Mobile application, which is a cellular phone application providing low cost mobile calls over 3G cellular networks, as well as WiFi networks and its iConnectHere offering, which provides VoIP products and services directly to consumers and small businesses online using the same primary platform. deltathree was founded by Noam Bardin and Elie C. Wurtman in June 1996 and is headquartered in West New York, NJ.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    2008 - 2009                  


Churchill Ventures Ltd.

                    Churchill Ventures Ltd. operates a blank check company. It was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, stock purchase, asset acquisition or other similar business combination with an unidentified operating business in the communications, media or technology industries. The company was founded in June, 2006 and is located in Scarborough, NY.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  TelaDoc, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  TelaDoc, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  TelaDoc, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  TelaDoc, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Mark Hirschhorn is affiliated with
                            TelaDoc, Inc., RCS, Inc., BT Radianz, RSL Communications Ltd., Deloitte LLP, deltathree, Inc., Churchill Ventures Ltd..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Mark Hirschhorn MD - Biddeford, ME - Specialist




























Search






Mark Hirschhorn MD
Specialist in Biddeford Maine

Home >
Maine >
Biddeford >

Specialist


Profile Overview
Mark Hirschhorn MD is a male health care provider in Biddeford, ME with Specialist listed as his primary specialization.  His credentials are: MD. He graduated from Columbia University College Of Physicians And Surgeons in 1989 (around 28 years of experience). He lists the following medical group affiliations: Bridgton Hospital, 
York County Urology. His hospital privileges include: Southern Maine Health Care, 
Bridgton Hospital, 
Henrietta D. Goodall Hospital Inc., 
York Hospital. His office phone number, address, ratings, services provided, comparisons, and specializations can be viewed below.





Office Location & Contact Information

 Hirschhorn, Mark  MD

24 W COLE RD
BIDDEFORD, ME 04005-9404






View Ratings Survey
 Get Directions
Phone and Fax:
 207-283-1602
 207-282-6835




View Services
Map and Directions
Ratings and Reviews
Additional Info
Compare Providers







Driving Directions and Map
Looking for mobile or regular driving directions to the office for Mark Hirschhorn MD? View Directions

















Education, Experience, and Specialization(s)

Services:
Mark Hirschhorn MD has 36 services or procedures, including charges submitted to Medicare, available for viewing on our site.Click to view: Services


Health Care Field:
Other Service Practitioners

Classification:
Specialist


Education:
School: COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONSGraduated: 1989









Client / Patient Ratings for Mark Hirschhorn MD


Are you a patient of Mark Hirschhorn MD or familiar with their services? Please consider filling out the ratings survey below to help prospective patients make an informed decision.View Full Ratings Survey
Overall:
How would you rate your overall experience? 


Recommend:
How likely would you be to recommend them to a friend or family member? 


Visit Again:
How likely would you be to schedule another appointment should you be in need of services they offer?

View Full Ratings Survey






Affiliations

Groups:
Bridgton Hospital
York County Urology



Hospitals:
Southern Maine Health Care
Bridgton Hospital
Henrietta D. Goodall Hospital Inc.
York HospitalView all Biddeford Hospitals








Additional Information for Mark Hirschhorn MD


Provider Type:
Individual


Gender:
Male


Sole Proprietor:
Yes


Definition:
Specialist Definition:

An individual educated and trained in an applied knowledge discipline used in the performance of work at a level requiring knowledge and skills beyond or apart from that provided by a general education or liberal arts... 
Full Specialist Definition and Listings



Notes:
A portion of this doctor or health care provider's profile is based on their NPI number (1629026240).
(NPI Final Rule [PDF] from HHS and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services)
There are 6 additional listings for this city.




Additional:
Click to Update / Correct / Add Information(such as website, office hours, insurance accepted, appointment scheduling etc.)








Medicare, eRx, PQRS, and EHR Participation


Medicare Participation:
They accept the Medicare approved amount as full payment. However, please be sure to verify with your provider.
 They are a participant of the Medicare Electronic Prescribing Program.
 They are a participant of the Medicare Electronic Health Record Incentive Program.







Visits and Referrals


The following profiles are the most common co-occurring providers for Medicare beneficiaries.What does this mean?More than 10 patients within the last year have visited the providers listed below within 30 days of visiting Mark Hirschhorn MD. Please note that this does not necessarily mean that a direct referral occurred between either provider.

Bridgton Hospital
 Sherman, Howard M.D.
Dr. Winter, Arthur MD

Maine Medical Center
Southern Maine Health Care
Maine Medical Center






Compare Mark Hirschhorn MD


The following are a few ways you can compare nearby doctors and health care providers to find the right match for your care needs. You may also be interested in trying a new Search. Thank you for taking the time to visit us!
View Similar Profiles in BiddefordThe doctors and health care providers below offer similar services as Mark Hirschhorn MD in Biddeford. Profiles may also include costs for specific services and procedures, common referrals, ratings, and reviews. 
Prof. Lamarre, Wayne MED, ATC, LAT
Madigan, Stephen MD
Dr. Noble, Cyrus MD

Dr. Winter, Arthur MD
York County Urology


Specialist Providers in Nearby Cities

Biddeford
Saco
Kennebunkport


Sanford
Kennebunk
Acton













Page Categories:

MaineBiddeford Specialist







Find Doctors:

NPI Search
Psychologists
Dentists
Family Doctor





About:

Privacy Policy
F.A.Q.
Terms of Use





© 2011 - 2017 eHealthScores is a free doctor and healthcare provider review and rating site designed to help residents of Biddeford and people throughout the United States find their care match. Patients and providers are encouraged to help others by submitting opening hours, forms of insurance, and appointment details.










Maine Doctors and Health Care Providers City Selection





























Search






Maine City Selection




Home
 > Maine



There are 395 cities in Maine with at least one listing on our site and a total of 26,025 ME Doctors and health care providers. Please select your city in Maine to view health care professionals near you.

You may also prefer to use our site search via the search box at the top of the page or by clicking this link: Search.Locate Providers in other States:   
	
Choose State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Dist of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming




Maine Health Contacts
Bureau of Insurance of Maine(800) 300-5000
Maine Department of Health and Human Services
Maine State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)(877) 353-3771
Maine Department of Health and Human Services(800) 977-6740


Skip straight to cities starting with:
A | 
B | 
C | 
D | 
E | 
F | 
G | 
H | 
I | 
J | 
K | 
L | 
M | 
N | 
O | 
P | 
R | 
S | 
T | 
U | 
V | 
W | 
Y | 


A

Abbot
Acton
Addison


Albion
Alexander
Alfred


Allagash
Alna
Alton


Amity
Andover
Anson


Appleton
Arundel
Ashland


Athens
Auburn
Augusta


Aurora


B

Baileyville
Baltimore
Bangor


Bar Harbor
Bar Mills
Bass Harbor


Bath
Belfast
Belgrade


Belgrade Lakes
Benton
Berwick


Bethel
Biddeford
Bingham


Blue Hill
Boothbay
Boothbay Harbor


Bowdoin
Bowdoinham
Bradford


Bremen
Brewer
Bridgewater


Bridgton
Bristol
Brooklin


Brooks
Brooksville
Brownfield


Brownville
Brunswick
Bryant Pond


Buckfield
Bucksport
Burnham


Buxton


C

Calais
Camden
Canaan


Canton
Cape Elizabeth
Cape Neddick


Caribou
Carmel
Carrabassett Valley


Casco
Castine
Castle Hill


Charleston
Charlotte
Chelsea


Cherryfield
China
Clifton


Clinton
Columbia
Coopers Mills


Corinna
Corinth
Cornish


Cornville
Cumberland
Cumberland Center


Cumberland Foreside
Cushing
Cutler


D

Damariscotta
Damoriscotta
Danforth


Dayton
Dedham
Deer Isle


Denmark
Dennysville
Detroit


Dexter
Dixfield
Dixmont


Dover Foxcroft
Dover-foxcroft
Dresden


Durham
Dyer Brook


E

Eagle Lake
East Machias
East Millinocket


East Waterboro
East Wilton
East Winthrop


Easton
Eastport
Eddington


Edgecomb
Edmunds Twp
Eliot


Ellsworth
Etna
Exeter


F

Fairfield
Falmouth
Farmingdale


Farmington
Fort Fairfield
Fort Kent


Frankfort
Franklin
Freedom


Freeman Twp
Freeport
Frenchville


Fryeburg


G

Gardiner
Glen Cove
Glenburn


Gorham
Gouldsboro
Gray


Greenbush
Greene
Greenville


Greenville Junction
Guilford


H

Hallowell
Hamlin
Hampden


Hancock
Harmony
Harpswell


Harrington
Harrison
Hartford


Hartland
Hebron
Hermon


Hiram
Hodgdon
Holden


Hollis
Hollis Center
Hope


Houlton
Howland
Hudson


I

Indian Island
Island Falls
Islesboro


J

Jackman
Jackson
Jay


Jefferson
Jonesboro
Jonesport


K

Kennebunk
Kennebunkport
Kingfield


Kittery
Kittery Point
Knox


L

Lagrange
Lamoine
Lang Twp


Lebanon
Lee
Leeds


Levant
Lewiston
Liberty


Limerick
Limestone
Limington


Lincoln
Lincolnville
Linneus


Lisbon
Lisbon Falls
Litchfield


Little Deer Isle
Littleton
Livermore


Livermore Falls
Lovell
Lubec


Lyman


M

Machias
Machiasport
Madawaska


Madison
Manchester
Mapleton


Mars Hill
Marshfield
Mattawamkeag


Mechanic Falls
Medway
Mexico


Milbridge
Milford
Millinocket


Milo
Minot
Monmouth


Monroe
Monson
Monticello


Montville
Moody
Morrill


Mount Desert
Mount Vernon
Mt. Desert


N

Naples
New Gloucester
New Sharon


New Sweden
New Vineyard
Newcastle


Newport
Newry
Nobleboro


Norridgewock
North Anson
North Berwick


North Bridgton
North Haven
North Monmouth


North Waterboro
North Yarmouth
Northeast Harbor


Northfield
Northport
Norway


O

Oakfield
Oakland
Ocean Park


Ogunquit
Old Orchard Beach
Old Town


Orland
Orono
Orrington


Otisfield
Oxford


P

Palermo
Palmyra
Parkman


Patten
Peaks Island
Pembroke


Penobscot
Perry
Peru


Phillips
Phippsburg
Pittsfield


Pittston
Pleasant Point
Plymouth


Poland
Poland Spring
Portage Lake


Porter
Portland
Pownal


Presque Isle
Princeton


R

Randolph
Rangeley
Raymond


Readfield
Richmond
Rockland


Rockport
Rome
Rumford


S

S Portland
S. Portland
Sabattus


Saco
Saint Albans
Sanford


Sangerville
Sargentville
Scarborough


Searsmont
Searsport
Sebago


Sebec
Sedgwick
Sherman


Sidney
Skowhegan
Smithfield


So Freeport
So Portland
So. Portland


Solon
Somerville
Sorrento


South Berwick
South Casco
South China


South Freeport
South Paris
South Portland


South Thomaston
Southwest Harbor
Springvale


Stacyville
Standish
Steep Falls


Stetson
Steuben
Stockton Springs


Stoneham
Stonington
Stow


Strong
Sullivan
Sumner


Surry
Swanville


T

Temple
Tenants Harbor
Thomaston


Thorndike
Togus
Topsham


Trenton
Trescott Twp
Turner


U

Union
Unity


V

Van Buren
Vanceboro
Vassalboro


Veazie
Verona Island
Vienna


Vinalhaven


W

Waldo
Waldoboro
Wales


Warren
Washburn
Washington


Waterboro
Waterford
Waterville


Wells
West Baldwin
West Bath


West Enfield
West Farmington
West Gardiner


West Newfield
West Paris
West Rockport


Westbrook
Westfield
Westport Island


Whitefield
Whiting
Wilton


Windham
Windsor
Winslow


Winter Harbor
Winterport
Winthrop


Wiscasset
Woodland
Woolwich


Y

Yarmouth
York
York Beach







Find Doctors: 
NPI Search
Psychologists
Dentists
Family Doctor




About:
Privacy Policy
F.A.Q.
Terms of Use














Biddeford Maine Doctors and Providers





























Search






Biddeford Doctors and Health Care Providers





Home



 > 


Maine



 > 
 Biddeford



Please select the type of doctor or health care provider you are looking for in Biddeford, Maine.Currently there are 114 health care professions and a total of 485 doctors and professionals providing care to residents in Biddeford (York county).

Due to the large number of providers in many cities, it might be easier to use our search engine by clicking the link in the navigational bar at the top of the page or here: Search.
After selecting a listing you will be able to view contact information, ratings, medicare participation, and the cost of specific services and procedures.





Please Click on a Medical Specialty to view Professions and Specializations

Mental Health Providers, Social Workers, Therapists

Counselor

Specialization(s):
Addiction (Substance Use Disorder)


Mental Health


Professional


School


Psychologist

Specialization(s):
Clinical


Social Worker

Specialization(s):
Clinical


Marriage & Family Therapist


Doctors, Physicians, and Surgeons

Neuromusculoskeletal Medicine & OMM


Allergy & Immunology

Specialization(s):
Allergy


Anesthesiology


Emergency Medicine

Specialization(s):
Emergency Medical Services


Family Medicine

Specialization(s):
Geriatric Medicine


Internal Medicine

Specialization(s):
Cardiovascular Disease


Critical Care Medicine


Endocrinology, Diabetes & Metabolism


Gastroenterology


Hematology & Oncology


Infectious Disease


Pulmonary Disease


Sleep Medicine


Obstetrics & Gynecology


Ophthalmology


Orthopaedic Surgery

Specialization(s):
Foot and Ankle Surgery


Otolaryngology

Specialization(s):
Otolaryngology / Facial Plastic Surgery


Pathology

Specialization(s):
Anatomic Pathology & Clinical Pathology


Pediatrics


Preventive Medicine

Specialization(s):
Aerospace Medicine


Undersea and Hyperbaric Medicine


Preventive Medicine / Occupational Environmental Medicine


Public Health & General Preventive Medicine


Psychiatry & Neurology

Specialization(s):
Neurology


Psychiatry


Radiology

Specialization(s):
Diagnostic Radiology


Surgery

Specialization(s):
Vascular Surgery


Hospitalist


Dentists, Denturists, and Dental Hygienists

Dentist

Specialization(s):
Endodontics


General Practice


Periodontics


Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics


Denturist


Dental Hygienist


Optometrists, Eye and Vision Technicians

Optometrist

Specialization(s):
Corneal and Contact Management


Technician / Technologist

Specialization(s):
Optician


Chiropractors

Chiropractor


Dietitians and Nutritionists

Dietitian, Registered


Hospitals

General Acute Care Hospital


Podiatrists and Podiatric Surgeons

Podiatrist


RNs, LPNs, and additional Nursing Service Providers

Registered Nurse

Specialization(s):
Psych / Mental Health


Respiratory, Developmental, Rehabilitative

 and Restorative Service Providers

Orthotic Fitter


Physical Therapist

Specialization(s):
Orthopedic


Physical Therapy Assistant


Specialist / Technologist

Specialization(s):
Athletic Trainer


Massage Therapist


Occupational Therapist

Specialization(s):
Pediatrics


Audiologists, Speech-Language Pathologists, Specialists / Technologists and Hearing Instrument Specialists

Speech-Language Pathologist


Clinics, Centers, and Ambulatory Health Care Facilities

Clinic / Center

Specialization(s):
Dental


End-Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) Treatment


Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC)


Mental Health (Including Community Mental Health Center)


Physical Therapy


Physician Assistants & Advanced Practice Nursing Providers

Physician Assistant

Specialization(s):
Medical


Surgical


Nurse Practitioner

Specialization(s):
Acute Care


Adult Health


Family


Pediatrics


Psych / Mental Health


Women's Health


Obstetrics & Gynecology


Clinical Nurse Specialist

Specialization(s):
Psych / Mental Health, Child & Adolescent


Psych / Mental Health


Nurse Anesthetist, Certified Registered


Advanced Practice Midwife


Pharmacists and Pharmacy Technicians

Pharmacist


Other Service Providers

Acupuncturist


Contractor


Specialist


Epilepsy, Psychiatric, Rehab, and Swing bed Hospital Units

Psychiatric Unit


Residential Treatment Facilities

Community Based Residential Treatment Facility, Mental Illness


Community Based Residential Treatment, Mental Retardation and / or Developmental Disabilities


Assisted Living, Skilled Nursing, Custodial Care, and Hospice Facilities

Assisted Living Facility

Specialization(s):
Assisted Living, Mental Illness


Skilled Nursing Facility


Intermediate Care Facility, Mentally Retarded


Support Agencies

Local Education Agency (LEA)


Case Management


Day Training, Developmentally Disabled Services


Community / Behavioral Health


Student, Health Care

Student in an Organized Health Care Education / Training Program


Blood Banks, DME, Pharmacies, and other Supplies

Non-Pharmacy Dispensing Site


Durable Medical Equipment & Medical Supplies

Specialization(s):
Oxygen Equipment & Supplies


Eyewear Supplier (Equipment, not the service)


Pharmacy

Specialization(s):
Community / Retail Pharmacy


Prosthetic / Orthotic Supplier


Ambulances, Air Carriers, Buses, and other Transportation Services

Ambulance

Specialization(s):
Land Transport


Clinical Medical, Dental, and Physiological Laboratories

Physiological Laboratory

Specialization(s):







York County Health Rankings
York county ranks 4th in Health Outcomes and 3rd in Health Factors.These rankings are based on the results of 16 counties in Maine. Category-specific ranks and further details can be viewed at the following link:

View All 34 York Rankings




Hospitals in York County Maine





York Hospital



Southern Maine Health Care

Our hospital profile pages include patient survey results, ratings, maps, phone numbers, and pricing information. You may also be interested in reading our article on What to Pack for a Hospital Visit.






Page Categories:


MaineBIDDEFORD






Find Doctors:


NPI Search
Psychologists
Dentists
Family Doctor






About:


Privacy Policy
F.A.Q.
Terms of Use


















Biddeford Maine Specialist Providers




























Search







Specialist
 Providers in Biddeford





Home



 > 


Maine



 > 


Biddeford



 > 
Specialist









There are 12 listings for 
Other Service Providers, Specialist located in Biddeford, Maine (York county). Profile pages include contact information, office numbers, services offered, ratings, and directions. Having trouble finding a listing for the provider you are searching for? We suggest trying our search tool via the search link above.




Provider Name, Office, and Phone


GEORGE E ABBOUD MD PA
481 Alfred Road -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 283-4395


YORK COUNTY UROLOGY
24 W Cole Rd -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 283-1602


George Abboud MD
481 Alfred Road -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 283-4395


Mark Hirschhorn MD
24 W Cole Rd -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 283-1602


Prof. Wayne Lamarre MED, ATC, LAT
11 Hills Beach Rd -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 602-2412


Stephen Madigan MD
1 Medical Center Dr -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 283-7170


Dr. David Markellos M.D.
10 Wellspring Road -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 283-1126


Dr. Cyrus Noble MD
24 W Cole Rd -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 283-1602


Regula Robnett
441 Main St -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 283-1954


Dr. Omer Thibodeau M.D.
3 Medical Center Dr -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 284-4597


Monica Thompson LMT
 - (207) 408-1058


Dr. Arthur Winter MD
24 W Cole Rd -  - 04005 - Biddeford, ME
 - (207) 283-1602




Cities closest to Biddeford with Specialist Listings:


Saco
Kennebunkport
Sanford


Kennebunk
Acton
Buxton







Page Categories:
Maine Biddeford




Find Doctors: 
NPI Search
Psychologists
Dentists
Family Doctor




About:
Privacy Policy
F.A.Q.
Terms of Use













Mark J Hirschhorn - Larchmont, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Mark J Hirschhorn in Larchmont, NY


Mark J Hirschhorn

                                                                           Intelius found that Mark J Hirschhorn  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Larchmont, NY.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Mark J Hirschhorn is in his 50s

Mark Has Lived In

Larchmont, NY
New York, NY
Closter, NJ

Mark's Relatives

Aly Hirschhorn
Jennifer Hirschhorn







Mark J Hirschhorn



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board Member at Temple Emanuel



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Mark? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Mark, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Mark J Hirschhorn
Get a Criminal Check on Mark J Hirschhorn
Get a Public Record Report on Mark J Hirschhorn
Get a People Search Report on Mark J Hirschhorn


Mark J Hirschhorn's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Mark J Hirschhorn has lived as well as Mark J Hirschhorn's phone numbers and email addresses.




Mark J Hirschhorn Has Lived in 2 States
New York Address for Mark J Hirschhorn


8 A*** R* 

Larchmont, NY


Has Lived In

Larchmont, NY
New York, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Mark J Hirschhorn

(914) ***-**** - Larchmont, NY 
(914) ***-**** - Larchmont, NY 
(914) ***-**** - Briarcliff Manor, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Mark J Hirschhorn

m*************n@***.net


Get Email Report




Mark J Hirschhorn's Professional Information
Information regarding Mark J Hirschhorn's professional history.  Find out previous places Mark J Hirschhorn has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Mark J Hirschhorn Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Temple Emanuel
               Title: Board Member
Mark J Hirschhorn's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: Temple Emanuel
Job Details
               For more than 85 years, Temple Emanu-El has sustained an atmosphere of warmth and spirituality that brings families back from generation to generation. Like our Temple, we hope that you find this site inviting and resourceful. However, nothing can substitute for the warmth and magic of visiting us in person and being part of our community. Whether studying in an adult education class, praying in one of our Shabbat services, attending a youth program or participating in a social program at the Temple, the spirit of Temple Emanu-El will make you feel closer to home and closer to God. We invite you to learn more about our Kehilla Kedosha, our sacred community, and the many opportunities for your involvement here.
Additional Professional Information on Mark J Hirschhorn

 See Mark J Hirschhorn's LinkedIn Profile



Mark J Hirschhorn's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Mark J Hirschhorn


Mark J Hirschhorn's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Mark J Hirschhorn's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Mark Hirschhorn
Username Matches

                  MarkHirschhorn
                  HirschhornMark
                  Mark.Hirschhorn
                  Hirschhorn.Mark
                  Mark_Hirschhorn
                  Hirschhorn_Mark
                  Mark-Hirschhorn
                  Hirschhorn-Mark
                  MHirschhorn
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Hirschhorn







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














 
















Eric Hirschhorn - BGC Partners




































 








				Eric Hirschhorn				
Eric Hirschhorn is responsible for product development and infrastructure management of BGC’s suite of electronic broking technology products and systems. 







Mr. Hirschhorn joins BGC with more than 25 years of experience in technology roles across the financial services industry. In his recent positions, he managed global teams of more than 500 people and was responsible for directing hundreds of millions of dollars in technology-related investments. His most recent roles included Global Head of Rates and FICC eTrading Technology at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Prior to that, he was Chief Technology Officer of Fixed Income at Morgan Stanley. Before that, he held various senior trading technology positions at Citigroup including Global Head of FX Technology, Global Head of Electronic Credit, and Chair of the Capital Markets eCommerce Technology Working Group. Mr. Hirschhorn’s career also includes having been a Senior Vice President at Lehman Brothers in the Fixed Income Technology area. He also spent 12 years at Chase Manhattan Bank and its predecessors, where he built and managed several technology-related businesses and functions.
Mr. Hirschhorn earned his Bachelor of Engineering Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art.
 



BGC



ManagementGlobal BusinessesHistory 




Management Team
View the team 




Howard W. Lutnick
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, BGC Partners, Inc.
                                                                                    
                            Howard W. Lutnick is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BGC Partners, Inc., a leading global brokerage company serving the financial and real estate markets. In addition, Mr. Lutnick is also Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P., one of the world’s leading financial services firms.                                                         
                        



Shaun D. Lynn
President
                                                                                    
                            Shaun D. Lynn provides leadership to position BGC at the forefront of the global inter-dealer brokerage sector. He is responsible with his management team for the Company’s operations globally and for the direction and development of BGC’s proprietary technology.                                                        
                        



Stephen Merkel
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
                                                                                    
                            Stephen M. Merkel is Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of BGC Partners, Inc. Mr. Merkel is also the Executive Managing Director, General Counsel, Secretary and Director of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. Previously, he was the Director, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of eSpeed, Inc., a leader in electronic financial marketplaces and trading technology which merged with BGC Partners in 2008.                                                        
                        



Sean Windeatt
Chief Operating Officer
                                                                                    
                            Sean Windeatt is responsible for BGC’s global front office business operations. Mr. Windeatt has over a decade of experience in financial markets and has been responsible for business management at BGC since 2001. 
                                                        
                        



Steven McMurray
Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                    
                            Steven McMurray is responsible for BGC’s global accounting, controlling and treasury functions, including all financial reporting and budgeting.                                                          
                        



Lori Pennay
Senior Managing Director, Global Head of Human Resources and Partnership
                                                                                    
                            Lori Pennay oversees all human resources, compensation, and partnership administration functions for the company globally. Previously, Ms. Pennay served as a Vice President and Assistant General Counsel, where she provided legal advice and representation to BGC with respect to employment and partnership matters.                                                        
                        



Karen Laureano-Rikardsen
Chief Marketing Officer
                                                                                    
                            Karen Laureano-Rikardsen leads all marketing and corporate communications programs for the company globally.  Partnering with senior executives across the organization and its affiliated businesses, she is responsible for raising the company’s profile and visibility to help meet core business objectives and to enhance its brand identity with internal and external stakeholders.                                                        
                        



Jason McGruder
Head of Investor Relations
                                                                                    
                            Jason McGruder oversees the company’s shareholder and bondholder outreach and investor communications efforts.  Partnering with senior management, he is charged with raising the visibility of BGC’s performance and investor value and helping to manage the company’s regulatory disclosure requirements as a publicly-traded company.                                                        
                        



Louis Scotto
Executive Managing Director and General Manager, North America
                                                                                    
                            Louis Scotto is responsible for BGC Partners’ operations in North America. Mr. Scotto joined BGC Partners in early 2011 as Executive Managing Director for the Americas business before assuming leadership of the North America business as General Manager. He works closely with BGC’s Executive Management team to define business strategy for new products and to drive revenue growth in the North American market.                                                        
                        



Shawn McLoughlin
Executive Managing Director and Co-CEO of BGC Financial
                                                                                    
                            Shawn McLoughlin is an Executive Managing Director and Co-CEO of BGC Financial. Based in New York, Shawn partners with Lou Scotto to define business strategy for new products and drive revenue growth in the North American market. Shawn joined BGC in 2012, bringing with him more than 25 years of experience in the financial services industry.                                                        
                        



Mark Webster
Executive Managing Director and General Manager, Asia-Pacific
                                                                                    
                            Mark Webster is responsible for BGC Partners’ brokerage business in Asia, a position he also held from 2004-2009.                                                         
                        



Jean-Pierre Aubin
Executive Managing Director, Global Head of Listed Products and General Manager, Continental Europe
                                                                                    
                            Jean-Pierre Aubin is an Executive Managing Director who oversees listed products and primary structured products globally. Mr. Aubin is also General Manager, Continental Europe.                                                        
                        



Anthony Warner
Executive Managing Director and General Manager
                                                                                    
                            Anthony Warner is an Executive Managing Director and General Manager, UK & Middle East for BGC Partners. He is responsible for BGC Partner’s brokerage business in London as well as key Middle East locations for the group. Anthony is also responsible for the European Commodities business and for the continued growth of BGC Partner’s largest broking office.                                                        
                        



Philip Norton
Executive Managing Director, e-Commerce
                                                                                    
                            Philip Norton is responsible for making BGC's services accessible to customers all over the world and  developing the e-Commerce team to meet the needs of our growing business. His key role is to ensure BGC's clients and brokers have access to the best technical expertise and support within the global financial marketplace. Mr. Norton joined BGC in May 2004.                                                        
                        



Daniel M. LaVecchia
Executive Managing Director, North America, Global Head of FX Products
                                                                                    
                            Daniel LaVecchia oversees BGC's global foreign exchange products broking and is responsible for leading the expansion of BGC as a global wholesale fixed-income, interest rate, foreign exchange, and derivative brokerage firm.                                                        
                        



Christopher Smith
Executive Managing Director, Global Head of Strategy and Corporate Development
                                                                                    
                            Chris Smith is Head of BGC’s Strategic Investments Group, which focuses on driving revenues, margins and profits through acquisitions and strategic initiatives. In addition, Mr. Smith is responsible for coordinating the Company’s global brokerage rates and BGC’s businesses in South America and Turkey.                                                        
                        



Eric Hirschhorn
Chief Information Officer
                                                                                    
                            Eric Hirschhorn is responsible for product development and infrastructure management of BGC’s suite of electronic broking technology products and systems.                                                        
                        



Philip Cramp
Head of Credit, Repo and EGBs in London
                                                                                    
                            Philip Cramp joins BGC with 30 years of financial markets experience. He was previously Head of Credit EMEA at ICAP, a position he held from 2012 to June 2014. Prior to this, Mr. Cramp was Managing Director of Euro Interest Rate Swaps.                                                         
                        



Robert Miller
Senior Managing Director and Head of US Credit
                                                                                    
                            Robert Miller is a Senior Managing Director and Head of US Credit. With a career spanning more than 25 years, Robert joined BGC Partners in 2009 from Tullet Prebon PLC, having worked since then across the New York business.                                                        
                        



Len Harvey
Executive Managing Director and General Manager, Latin America
                                                                                    
                            Len Harvey is responsible for overseeing the brokerage businesses in the Latin American region.  He joined BGC Partners in 2008.                                                        
                        



 


Home  Array / Eric Hirschhorn



















