










 













 













Authentique Home (Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam): Top Tips Before You Go - TripAdvisor










































































































Ho Chi Minh City




Ho Chi Minh City Tourism




Ho Chi Minh City Hotels




Ho Chi Minh City Bed and Breakfast




Ho Chi Minh City Vacation Rentals




Ho Chi Minh City Vacations




Flights to Ho Chi Minh City




Ho Chi Minh City Restaurants




Things to Do in Ho Chi Minh City




Ho Chi Minh City Travel Forum




Ho Chi Minh City Photos




Ho Chi Minh City Map




Ho Chi Minh City Travel Guide







All Ho Chi Minh City Hotels 

Ho Chi Minh City Hotel Deals 

Last Minute Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City



By Hotel Type



Ho Chi Minh City Business Hotels


Ho Chi Minh City Family Hotels


Ho Chi Minh City Spa Resorts


Ho Chi Minh City Luxury Hotels


Romantic Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


Best Value Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


Ho Chi Minh City Resorts





By Hotel Class



5-star Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


4-star Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


3-star Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City





Popular Amenities



Ho Chi Minh City Hotels with Pools


Ho Chi Minh City Hotels with Free Parking


Pet Friendly Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City





Popular Ho Chi Minh City Categories



Ho Chi Minh City Cheap Hotels


Boutique Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


Ho Chi Minh City Downtown Hotels


Ho Chi Minh City Hotels with Jacuzzi


Suite Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


Ho Chi Minh City Historic Hotels


Hotels with Shuttle in Ho Chi Minh City


Honeymoon Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


Ho Chi Minh City Apartment Hotels


Ho Chi Minh City Luxury Boutique Hotels





Near Landmarks



Hotels near War Remnants Museum


Hotels near Cu Chi Tunnels


Hotels near Central Post Office


Hotels near The Independence Palace


Hotels near Saigon Notre Dame Cathedral


Hotels near Bitexco Financial Tower - Saigon Skydeck


Hotels near Saigon Opera House (Ho Chi Minh Municipal Theater)


Hotels near Ho Chi Minh Squares


Hotels near Bui Vien Street


Hotels near Dong Khoi Street







All Ho Chi Minh City Restaurants 

Restaurants near Authentique Home




All things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 

Things to do near Authentique Home


 



Ho Chi Minh City  RECENTLY VIEWED No results found 0JOINinSearch About Ho Chi...HotelsVacation RentalsRestaurantsThings to doFlightsTravel ForumAirlinesTravel GuidesBest of 2017Road TripsHelp CenterLog in Join My Trips Bookings Rental Inbox Browse




Authentique Home, Ho Chi Minh City: Address, Phone Number, Specialty & Gift Shop Reviews



Asia  Vietnam  Ho Chi Minh City  Things to Do in Ho Chi Minh City  Authentique Home























Authentique Home





81 Reviews 


#8 of 243 Shopping in Ho Chi Minh City 


Gift & Specialty Shops, Shopping 


113 Le Thanh Ton Street, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City 70000, Vietnam+84 8 3822 8052Website

Save
















All photos (89) Full view Certificate of Excellence What is Certificate of Excellence? TripAdvisor gives a Certificate of Excellence to accommodations, attractions and restaurants that consistently earn great reviews from travelers. 








Review Highlights 







“Wow! What a lovely treasure trove.”




We weren't searching for this glorious shop... just walked passed , the window display caught our...
read more 







Reviewed 2 weeks ago 
Scott T


via mobile




 





“Fantastic store .... and no issues sending products which I didnt pick up in store”




I accidentally forgot to take a beautiful vase with me when I left the store and was disappointed...
read more 







Reviewed June 13, 2017 
Lisa C, Perth, United Kingdom



 



Read all 81 reviews 



 








OverviewReviewsLocationQ&AMore 










Sponsored by: 














Also show 







Hotels



 







Restaurants



 







Things to Do



 









Also show 









 








MapSatellite 

Map updates are paused. Zoom in to see updated info. Reset zoom 





Updating Map... 





Sponsored by: 


























 

 

Return to Map 


 













Overview More Since its foundation in 1995, Authentique has dedicated itself to celebrate and uphold the fine crafts traditions of Vietnam. We are home to three workshops: Cam Kim carpentry, Cam Ha potteries and Cam Giang textiles; and three pillars of production philosophy: refined design, select materials and masterly craftsmanship.About Authentique Home Since its foundation in 1995, Authentique has dedicated itself to celebrate and uphold the fine crafts traditions of Vietnam. We are home to three workshops: Cam Kim carpentry, Cam Ha potteries and Cam Giang textiles; and three pillars of production philosophy: refined design, select materials and masterly craftsmanship.4.5 81 reviewsExcellent77%Very good14%Average8%Poor1%Terrible0%Travelers talk about“beautiful ceramics” (3 reviews)“ceramic items” (3 reviews)“bubble wrap” (3 reviews)LOCATION 113 Le Thanh Ton Street, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City 70000, Vietnam

CONTACT Website +84 8 3822 8052Improve This ListingIs this attraction a hidden gem or off-the-beaten path?Yes No Unsure Is this attraction suitable for all ages?Yes No Unsure Does this attraction provide visitors with a taste of the local culture?Yes No Unsure Would you send a friend who loves nature and wildlife to this place or activity?Yes No Unsure Would you send a friend who is a foodie to this place or activity?Yes No Unsure Is this attraction a "must-see" location?Yes No Unsure Is this attraction a good picnic spot?Yes No Unsure Is this attraction a good place to visit on a honeymoon?Yes No Unsure Would this be a good hot day activity?Yes No Unsure Would you send a friend who is a sports fan to this place or activity?Yes No Unsure Thanks for helping! Share another experience before you go. 










Similar Things to Do in Ho Chi Minh City

See all Shopping in Ho Chi Minh City
















Minh Phuong lacquer-ware gallergy



64 Reviews 



Book a tour $30.00and up






0.9 miles



 













Ben Thanh Market



7,665 Reviews 



Book a tour $25.00and up






0.2 miles



 













Vincom Center



434 Reviews 



Book a tour $32.00and up






0.2 miles



 













Vietnam By Scooters



36 Reviews 



Book a tour $52.00and up






0.7 miles



 


 












Write a ReviewReviews (81)Traveler rating Excellent47Very good7Average0Poor0Terrible0Traveler typeFamiliesCouplesSoloBusinessFriendsTime of year Mar-MayJun-AugSep-NovDec-FebLanguage All languages English (54)Japanese (14)Chinese (Trad.) (13)More languages Language English (54)Japanese (14)Chinese (Trad.) (13)French (3)German (2)Danish (1)Italian (1)Korean (1)Russian (1)Show reviews that mention All reviews 
beautiful ceramics

ceramic items

bubble wrap

tea set

home decor

similar products

each piece

great shop

ben thanh market

gifts

craftsmanship

goods

chopsticks

browse

homewares

workshop

vietnam
Review tags are currently only available for English language reviews. Read reviews in EnglishGo back1 - 10 of 54 reviews



Scott T153Reviewed 2 weeks ago via mobile Wow! What a lovely treasure trove.We weren't searching for this glorious shop... just walked passed , the window display caught our eye and we were hooked...line and sinker.
From the moment we walked in we knew we have discovered a treasure trove.. Ceramics galore at fantastic prices. As we ventured...MoreThank Scott T 



Lisa CPerth, United Kingdom4Reviewed June 13, 2017 Fantastic store .... and no issues sending products which I didnt pick up in storeI accidentally forgot to take a beautiful vase with me when I left the store and was disappointed to realise, when I got back to Australia, that it was missing (from the bundle of other lovely products I had bought). I emailed the store and...MoreThank Lisa C AuthentiqueHome, Director of Sales at Authentique Home, responded to this reviewResponded 2 weeks agoHi Lisa! Thank you so much for kindly leaving such a lovely review. Your appreciation for our products and satisfaction with our customer service is the joy of my work, so I am always ready to support you in the best way I can. I...More



Skarrie118Reviewed April 22, 2017 via mobile Beautiful home shopEverything here is beautiful, natural, original and useable. I could by the whole store, don't miss it!Thank Skarrie AuthentiqueHome, Designer & Writer at Authentique Home, responded to this reviewResponded April 27, 2017Thank you for your generous compliments and recommendation! We're very happy to receive your patronage and hope to you see you again.



sing_trav_888Singapore, Singapore19323Reviewed April 14, 2017 Original home designsModern boutique shop, selling all kinds of home decor. Nice ambience inside. Of course it will be more expensive than your local market stall, but we thought it was worth it and picked up a few bowls to take home. They wrapped them up, really...MoreThank sing_trav_888 AuthentiqueHome, Designer & Writer at Authentique Home, responded to this reviewResponded April 27, 2017Thank you for your kind words and insights. Indeed, we take great care to ensure a most comfortable shopping experience for all our customers, from the pleasant ambience to meticulously wrapped purchases. We're glad you had a good experience with us and hope to see...More



Jane HDenver, Colorado187Reviewed April 11, 2017 LOVED everything in this store!This is a beautiful store! I just loved everything, and wish I could have brought more home. I purchased a set of small bowls and plates, 2 espresso cups and some little gift jar type things for jewelry. If I didn't have to worry about...MoreThank Jane H AuthentiqueHome, Designer & Writer at Authentique Home, responded to this reviewResponded April 27, 2017Hi Jane, we are absolutely delighted to receive such a kind and thoughtful review! Thank you for taking the time to write it. We're sorry that you couldn't pack more with you! We are currently working on our online shop, which ships internationally, and which...More



Haley M3921Reviewed March 17, 2017 via mobile BeautifulWhat a beautiful little store of treasures. All handmade with a gorgeous philosophy. Me and my friend couldn't help buying up trinkets here during our stay. Such a wonderful contrast to the touristy Ben Tahn Markets across the road.MoreThank Haley M AuthentiqueHome, Designer & Writer at Authentique Home, responded to this reviewResponded April 11, 2017Hi Haley, thanks very much for your thoughtful words! It touches us greatly that the beauty of our philosophy has reached you and been appreciated. We aspire indeed to provide true and soulful homewares that may provide you a touch of beauty in the midst...More



BalletBoiFrankfurt, Germany318Reviewed February 1, 2017 via mobile Beautiful store This shop is just beautiful. They have very good vietnamese artisan works. From bowls to chopsticks to clothing.
Everything is hand made in their workshop in Ho Chi Minh City and you can see the quality.
Be prepared that it's not the place to shop...MoreThank BalletBoi AuthentiqueHome, Designer & Writer at Authentique Home, responded to this reviewResponded February 27, 2017Thank you very much for your thoughtful review! We're sure that you can appreciate the prices as a representation of the organically sourced, masterly handcrafted, and timelessly beautiful nature of our products, ensuring that they are of the highest quality whilst still keeping them very...More



PinkDiamondKTPerth, Australia17972Reviewed January 3, 2017 ExcellentIt's rare for me to give an excellent but this shop certainly deserves it - from the goods they sell to the customer service!
If I had the money, I would have spent a small fortune but a couple of beautiful bowls had to suffice.............MoreThank PinkDiamondKT AuthentiqueHome, Designer & Writer at Authentique Home, responded to this reviewResponded February 27, 2017Thank you for such wonderful words! We are happy that our meticulous efforts to tend to all aspects of our shop are seen and appreciated, from the quality of our products to that of our customer service and packaging. We hope you had a lovely...More



meganopeabodyBrooklyn, New York117Reviewed December 3, 2016 Beautifully Crafted GoodsWhile in Ho Chi Minh City I had a hard time finding locally made crafts. I accidentally stumbled into Authentique Home and fell in love with all of their beautiful products. The best ceramics I saw in all of my two weeks in Vietnam! They...More1  Thank meganopeabody AuthentiqueHome, Designer & Writer at Authentique Home, responded to this reviewResponded February 27, 2017Thank you very much for your kind words. At Authentique, we aspire to unearth the humble, yet dignified beauty of ancient Vietnamese art, which is best represented in the country's ceramic work. We take pride in our pure and authentic representation of traditional Vietnamese aesthetics...More



Christopher O52Reviewed October 30, 2016 Exotic homeware emporiumTucked away in an alleyway, it's not that easy to find. But if you're interested in ceramics and homeware, it's a quiet haven that transports you from the busy-ness of the streets into a cozy homely setting. There is a second storey where you can...More1  Thank Christopher O AuthentiqueHome, Designer & Writer at Authentique Home, responded to this reviewResponded March 2, 2017Hi, thank you for your thoughtful review! We're glad that you appreciate the space of beauty and tranquility that we have carefully curated in the heart of busy Saigon. We would love to see you again, and hope that you had a nice stay!

PreviousNext123456Updating list... 
























Nearby Sponsored by: Nearby RestaurantsPasteur Street Brewing Company778 reviews .07 miles away The Mạch House216 reviews .05 miles away Mountain Retreat422 reviews .07 miles away Chuck's Burgers282 reviews .05 miles away Nearby AttractionsPeople's Committee Building308 reviews .13 miles away Ho Chi Minh City Museum541 reviews .07 miles away Sax N Art Jazz Club309 reviews .09 miles away Rex Hotel Rooftop Bar548 reviews .12 miles away 




Questions & AnswersGet quick answers from Authentique Home staff and past visitors.Note: your question will be posted publicly on the Questions & Answers page.Posting guidelinesSubmit




















 







Know better. Book better. Go better.  © 2017 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Site Map* TripAdvisor LLC is not a booking agent and does not charge any service fees to users of our site... (more) TripAdvisor LLC is not responsible for content on external web sites. Taxes, fees not included for deals content. EXPLOREAbout UsHelp CenterCURRENCY/COUNTRY$USDUnited States









































Planning a Trip? Do it smarter.


Enable TripAdvisor For Chrome
























































Ho Chi Minh - Wikipedia






















 






Ho Chi Minh

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Ho Chi Minh (disambiguation).


Ho Chi Minh


Hồ Chí Minh



Portrait c. 1946






Chairman of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Vietnam


In office
19 February 1951 – 2 September 1969


Preceded by
Position created


Succeeded by
Position abolished


First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Vietnam


In office
1 November 1956 – 10 September 1960


Preceded by
Trường Chinh


Succeeded by
Lê Duẩn


1st President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


In office
2 September 1945 – 2 September 1969


Preceded by
Position established
Bảo Đại (as Emperor)


Succeeded by
Tôn Đức Thắng


1st Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


In office
2 September 1945 – 20 September 1955


Preceded by
Position established
Trần Trọng Kim (as Prime Minister of the Empire of Vietnam)


Succeeded by
Phạm Văn Đồng


Minister of Foreign Affairs


In office
28 August 1945 – 2 March 1946


Preceded by
Position established


Succeeded by
Nguyễn Tường Tam


In office
3 November 1946 – March 1947


Preceded by
Nguyễn Tường Tam


Succeeded by
Hoàng Minh Giám


Member of the Politburo


In office
31 March 1935 – 2 September 1969





Personal details


Born
Nguyễn Sinh Cung
(1890-05-19)19 May 1890
Kim Liên, Nghệ An Province, French Indochina


Died
2 September 1969(1969-09-02) (aged 79)
Hanoi, North Vietnam


Nationality



Vietnamese
French





Political party
French Section of the Workers' International
(1919–1921)
French Communist Party
(1921–1925)
Communist Party of Vietnam
(1925–1969)


Spouse(s)
none (disputed)


Relations
Bạch Liên (or Nguyễn Thị Thanh) (Sister)
Nguyễn Sinh Khiêm (or Nguyễn Tất Đạt) (brother)
(Nguyễn Sinh Nhuận) (brother)


Parents
Nguyễn Sinh Sắc (father)
Hoàng Thị Loan (mother)


Alma mater
Communist University of the Toilers of the East


Profession
Politician


Signature





Vietnamese name


Vietnamese
Hồ Chí Minh


Hán-Nôm
胡志明




Vietnamese birth name


Vietnamese
Nguyễn Sinh Cung


Hán-Nôm
阮生恭


Hồ Chí Minh (/ˈhoʊ ˈtʃiː ˈmɪn/;[1] Vietnamese: [hò tɕǐ mīɲ] ( listen), Saigon: [hò tɕǐ mɨ̄n] ( listen); Chữ nôm: 胡志明; 19 May 1890 – 2 September 1969), born Nguyễn Sinh Cung,[2][3][4] also known as Nguyễn Tất Thành and Nguyễn Ái Quốc, was a Vietnamese Communist revolutionary leader who was Chairman and First secretary of the Workers' Party of Vietnam. Hồ was also prime minister (1945–55) and president (1945–69) of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (North Vietnam). He was a key figure in the foundation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945, as well as the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and the Việt Cộng (NLF or VC) during the Vietnam War.
He led the Việt Minh independence movement from 1941 onward, establishing the Communist-ruled Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945 and defeating the French Union in 1954 at the battle of Điện Biên Phủ. He officially stepped down from power in 1965 due to health problems, but remained a highly respected inspiration for those Vietnamese fighting for his cause—a united, communist Vietnam—until his death. After the war, Saigon, the former capital of the Republic of Vietnam, was renamed Hồ Chí Minh City.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 First sojourn in France
1.2 In the United States
1.3 In the United Kingdom


2 Political education in France
3 In the Soviet Union and China
4 Independence movement

4.1 Birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


5 Becoming president and Vietnam War
6 Personal life
7 Death
8 Legacy and personality cult
9 International influence
10 Notes
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early life[edit]
Ho Chi Minh was born Nguyễn Sinh Cung (as appeared in a letter from the director of Collège Quốc học, dated 7 August 1908),[2][3][4] in 1890 in the village of Hoàng Trù (the name of the local temple near Làng Sen), his mother's village. From 1895, he grew up in his father Nguyễn Sinh Sắc (Nguyễn Sinh Huy)'s village of Làng Sen, Kim Liên, Nam Đàn, Nghệ An Province. He had three siblings: his sister Bạch Liên (or Nguyễn Thị Thanh), a clerk in the French Army; his brother Nguyễn Sinh Khiêm (or Nguyễn Tất Đạt), a geomancer and traditional herbalist; and another brother (Nguyễn Sinh Nhuận) who died in his infancy. As a young child, Cung studied with his father before more formal classes with a scholar named Vuong Thuc Do. Cung quickly mastered Chinese writing, a prerequisite for any serious study of Confucianism, while honing his colloquial Vietnamese writing.[5]:21 In addition to his studious endeavors, he was fond of adventure, and loved to fly kites and go fishing.[5]:21 Following Confucian tradition, at the age of 10, his father gave him a new name: Nguyễn Tất Thành ("Nguyễn the Accomplished").
Thành's father was a Confucian scholar and teacher, and later an imperial magistrate in the small remote district of Binh Khe (Qui Nhơn). He was demoted for abuse of power after an influential local figure died several days after having received 102 strokes of the cane as punishment for an infraction.[5]:21Thành's father was eligible to serve in the imperial bureaucracy but refused because it meant serving the French.[6] This exposed Thành to rebellion at a young age and seemed to be the norm for the province where Thành came of age. The province was known for its resistance to foreign rule. In deference to his father, Thành received a French education, attended lycée in Huế, the alma mater of his later disciples, Phạm Văn Đồng and Võ Nguyên Giáp and his later enemy, Ngô Đình Diệm.
First sojourn in France[edit]
Previously, it was believed that Thành was involved in an anti-slavery (anti-corvée) demonstration of poor peasants in Huế in May 1908, which endangered his student status at Collège Quốc học. However, a document from the Centre des archives d'Outre-mer in France shows that he was admitted to Collège Quốc học on 8 August 1908, which was several months after the anti-corvée demonstration (9–13 April 1908).[3] The exaggeration of revolutionary credentials was common among Vietnamese communist leaders, as shown in Tôn Đức Thắng's falsified participation in the 1919 Black Sea revolt. Later in life, Hồ would claim the 1908 revolt had been the moment when his revolutionary outlook emerged, but his application to the French Colonial Administrative School in 1911 undermines this version of events. He chose to leave school in order to find a chance to go abroad. Because his father had been dismissed, he no longer had any hope for a governmental scholarship and went southward, taking a position at Dục Thanh school in Phan Thiết for about six months, then traveled to Saigon.
Thành worked as a kitchen helper on a French steamer, the Amirale de Latouche-Tréville, while using the alias "Văn Ba". The steamer departed on 5 June 1911 and arrived in Marseille, France on 5 July 1911. The ship then left for Le Havre and Dunkirk, returning to Marseille in mid-September. There he applied for the French Colonial Administrative School but his application was rejected. Instead, he decided to begin traveling the world by working on ships and visited many countries from 1911 to 1917.
In the United States[edit]
In 1912, while working as the cook's helper on a ship, Thành traveled to the United States. From 1912–13, he may have lived in New York City (Harlem) and Boston, where he claimed to have worked as a baker at the Parker House Hotel. The only evidence that Thành was in the United States is a letter to French colonial administrators dated 15 December 1912 and postmarked New York City (but he gave as his address Poste Restante in Le Havre and stated that he was a sailor) [7]:20 and a postcard to Phan Chu Trinh in Paris where he mentioned working at the Parker House Hotel. Inquiries to the Parker House management revealed no records of his ever having worked there.[5]:51 Among a series of menial jobs, he claimed to have worked for a wealthy family in Brooklyn between 1917–18, and for General Motors as a line manager.[8]:46 It is believed that while in the United States, he made contact with Korean nationalists, an experience that developed his political outlook, but Sophie Quinn-Judge admits that this is "in the realm of conjecture".[7]:20
In the United Kingdom[edit]
At various points between 1913 and 1919, Thành claimed to have lived in West Ealing, and later in Crouch End, Hornsey. He reportedly worked as either a chef or dish washer (reports vary) at the Drayton Court Hotel in West Ealing.[9] It is claimed that he trained as a pastry chef under Auguste Escoffier at the Carlton Hotel in the Haymarket, Westminster, but there is no evidence to support this.[7]:25 [10] However, the wall of New Zealand House, home of the New Zealand High Commission, which now stands on the site of the Carlton Hotel, displays a blue plaque, stating that Hồ Chí Minh worked there in 1913. Thành was also employed as a pastry boy on the Newhaven–Dieppe ferry route in 1913.[11]
Political education in France[edit]




Ho Chi Minh, 1921


From 1919 to 1923, while living in France, Thành began to show an interest in politics, being influenced by his friend and Socialist Party of France comrade Marcel Cachin. Thành claimed to have arrived in Paris from London in 1917, but the French police only had documents recording his arrival in June 1919.[7] He joined a group of Vietnamese nationalists in Paris whose leaders were Phan Chu Trinh, Phan Văn Trường, and Nguyễn Thế Truyền. They had been publishing newspaper articles advocating for Vietnamese independence under the pseudonym Nguyễn Ái Quốc ("Nguyễn the Patriot") prior to the arrival of Nguyễn Tất Thành in Paris in 1919.[12]
Following World War I, the group petitioned for recognition of the civil rights of the Vietnamese people in French Indochina to the Western powers at the Versailles peace talks, but was ignored.[13] Citing the principle of self-determination outlined prior to the peace accords, they requested the allied powers to end French colonial rule of Vietnam and ensure the formation of an independent government. Prior to the conference, the group sent their letter to allied leaders, including Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau and U.S. President Woodrow Wilson. They were unable to obtain consideration at Versailles, but the episode would later help establish Nguyễn Ái Quốc as a symbol of the anti-colonial movement at home in Vietnam.[14] Since Nguyễn Tất Thành was the public face behind the publication of the document (although it was written by Phan Văn Trường),[15] he soon became known as Nguyễn Ái Quốc and first used the name in September during an interview with a Chinese newspaper correspondent.[5]




A plaque in Compoint Lane, District 17, Paris indicates where Ho Chi Minh lived from 1921-1923


Many authors have speculated that 1919 was a lost "Wilsonian moment" when the future Hồ Chí Minh could have adopted a pro-American and less radical position if only President Wilson had received him. However, the available evidence shows that at the time of the Versailles Conference he was committed to a Socialist program. While the conference was ongoing, Nguyễn Ái Quốc was already delivering speeches on the prospects of Bolshevism in Asia and was attempting to persuade French Socialists to join Vladimir Lenin's Third Communist International.[16]
In December 1920, Quốc officially became a representative to the Congress of Tours of the Socialist Party of France, voted for the Third International and was a founding member of the Parti Communiste Français (FCP). Taking a position in the Colonial Committee of the PCF, he tried to draw his comrades' attention towards people in French colonies including Indochina, but his efforts were often unsuccessful. During this period he began to write journal articles and short stories as well as running his Vietnamese nationalist group. In May 1922, Quốc wrote an article for a French magazine criticizing the use of English words by French sportswriters.[17]:21 The article implored Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré to outlaw such Franglais as le manager, le round and le knock-out. While living in Paris, he reportedly had a relationship with a dressmaker named Marie Brière.
In the Soviet Union and China[edit]


Part of a series on


Marxism–Leninism







Concepts


Anti-imperialism
Anti-revisionism
Commanding heights of the economy
Communist society
Communist state
Democratic centralism
Economic planning
Marxist–Leninist atheism
One-party state
People's democracy
Popular front
Proletarian internationalism
Socialist patriotism
Socialist state
Theory of the productive forces
Third Period
Vanguardism








Variants


Guevarism
Ho Chi Minh Thought
Hoxhaism
Husakism
Kadarism
Khrushchevism
Maoism
Marxism–Leninism–Maoism
Prachanda Path
Titoism
Stalinism








People


Joseph Stalin
Ernst Thälmann
Earl Browder
Gonchigiin Bumtsend
Mao Zedong
Abimael Guzmán
José Díaz
Josip Broz Tito
Enver Hoxha
Palmiro Togliatti
Nikita Khrushchev
Fidel Castro
Che Guevara
Ho Chi Minh
Deng Xiaoping
Mathieu Kérékou
Agostinho Neto
Samora Machel
Thomas Sankara
Alfonso Cano








Literature


Wage Labour and Capital
Materialism and Empirio-criticism
Imperialism  (Lenin)
What Is to Be Done?
The State and Revolution

Dialectical and
Historical Materialism

Guerrilla Warfare

Fundamentals of
Marxism–Leninism









History


October Revolution
Soviet Union
Comintern
Hungarian Soviet Republic
Spanish Civil War
World War II
Warsaw Pact
Greek Civil War
Chinese Revolution
Korean War
Cuban Revolution
De-Stalinization
Non-Aligned Movement
Sino-Soviet split
Vietnam War
Portuguese Colonial War
Black Power movement
Nicaraguan Revolution
Nepalese Civil War
Naxalite insurgency
Internal conflict in Peru








Related topics


Bolshevism
Marxism
Leninism
Trotskyism








Communism portal
Socialism portal
Politics portal







v
t
e





In 1923, Quốc left Paris for Moscow carrying a passport with the name Chen Vang, a Chinese merchant,[5]:86 where he was employed by the Comintern, studied at the Communist University of the Toilers of the East,[5]:92[18] and participated in the Fifth Comintern Congress in June 1924, before arriving in Canton (present-day Guangzhou), China, in November 1924 using the name Ly Thuy.

External video

 Booknotes interview with William Duiker on Hồ Chí Minh: A Life, 12 November 2000, C-SPAN


In 1925–26, Quốc organized "Youth Education Classes" and occasionally gave socialist lectures to Vietnamese revolutionary young people living in Canton at the Whampoa Military Academy. These young people would become the seeds of a new revolutionary, pro-communist movement in Vietnam several years later. According to William Duiker, he lived with and married a Chinese woman, Zeng Xueming (Tăng Tuyết Minh), on 18 October 1926.[19] When his comrades objected to the match, he told them: "I will get married despite your disapproval because I need a woman to teach me the language and keep house."[19] She was 21 and he was 36.[19] They married in the same place where Zhou Enlai had married earlier, and then lived in the residence of a Comintern agent, Mikhail Borodin.[19]
Hoàng Văn Chí argued that in June 1925, Hồ betrayed Phan Bội Châu, the famous leader of a rival revolutionary faction and his father's old friend, to French Secret Service agents in Shanghai for 100,000 piastres.[20] A source states that Hồ later claimed he did it because he expected Châu's trial to stir up anti-French sentiment, and because he needed the money to establish a communist organization.[20] In Ho Chi Minh: A Life, William Duiker considered but rejected this hypothesis.[5]:126–128 Other sources claim that Nguyễn Thượng Hiền was responsible for Chau's capture. Chau, sentenced to lifetime house arrest, never denounced Quốc.
Chiang Kai-shek's 1927 anti-communist coup triggered a new era of exile for Quốc. He left Canton again in April 1927 and returned to Moscow, spending some of the summer of 1927 recuperating from tuberculosis in the Crimea, before returning to Paris once more in November. He then returned to Asia by way of Brussels, Berlin, Switzerland, and Italy, where he sailed to Bangkok, Thailand, arriving in July 1928. "Although we have been separated for almost a year, our feelings for each other do not have to be said in order to be felt", he reassured Minh in an intercepted letter.[19] In this period, he served as a senior agent undertaking Comintern activities in Southeast Asia.
Quốc remained in Thailand, staying in the Thai village of Nachok,[17] :44 and xiii until late 1929 when he moved on to India, then Shanghai. In early 1930, in Hong Kong, he chaired a meeting with representatives from two Vietnamese communist parties in order to merge them into a unified organization, Communist Party of Vietnam. In June 1931, he was arrested in Hong Kong. To reduce French pressure for extradition, it was (falsely) announced in 1932 that Quốc had died.[17]: 57–58 The British quietly released him in January 1933. He moved to the Soviet Union and in Moscow studied and taught at the Lenin Institute.[21] During those years he was also recovering from tuberculosis[citation needed]. It is said that in this period he lost his positions in the Comintern because of a concern that he had betrayed the organization. His influence among his Vietnamese comrades faded significantly.
In 1938, Quốc was allowed to return to China and served as an advisor to the Chinese Communist armed forces, which later forced China's government into exile on Taiwan.[7] Around 1940, Quốc began regularly using the name "Hồ Chí Minh",[7] a Vietnamese name combining a common Vietnamese surname (Hồ, 胡) with a given name meaning "He Who has been enlightened" (from Sino-Vietnamese 志 明: Chí meaning 'will' (or spirit) and Minh meaning "bright").[5]:248–49
Independence movement[edit]
In 1941, Ho returned to Vietnam to lead the Viet Minh independence movement. The Japanese occupation of Indochina that year, the first step toward invasion of the rest of Southeast Asia, created an opportunity for patriotic Vietnamese.[6] The "men in black" were a 10,000 member guerrilla force that operated with the Viet Minh.[22] He oversaw many successful military actions against the Vichy French and Japanese occupation of Vietnam during World War II, supported closely but clandestinely by the United States Office of Strategic Services, and later against the French bid to reoccupy the country (1946–54). He was jailed in China by Chiang Kai-shek's local authorities before being rescued by Chinese Communists.[17]:198 Following his release in 1943, he returned to Vietnam.




Ho Chi Minh (fifth from left, standing) with the OSS in 1945


In April 1945, Ho met with the OSS agent Archimedes Patti and offered to provide intelligence to the allies provided that he could have "a line of communication with the allies."[23] The OSS agreed to this and later sent a military team of OSS members to train Ho's men and Ho himself was treated for malaria and dysentery by an OSS doctor.[24]
Following the August Revolution (1945) organized by the Viet Minh, Ho became Chairman of the Provisional Government (Premier of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam) and issued a Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam.[25] Although he convinced Emperor Bảo Đại to abdicate, his government was not recognized by any country. He repeatedly petitioned American President Harry S. Truman for support for Vietnamese independence,[26] citing the Atlantic Charter, but Truman never responded.[27]
Several sources relate how,[28] during a power struggle in 1945, the Viet Minh killed members of rival groups, such as the leader of the Constitutional Party, Bui Quang Chieu, the head of the Party for Independence, and Ngo Dinh Diem's brother, Ngo Dinh Khoi.[29] Ho, when asked by a reporter about the murder of Ta Thu Thau, a leading Trotskyist and personal friend, answered matter-of-factly, "Anyone who does not follow the line determined by me will be smashed."[30][31]
In 1946, future Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion and Ho became acquainted when they stayed at the same hotel in Paris.[32][33] Ho offered Ben-Gurion a Jewish home-in-exile in Vietnam.[32][33] Ben-Gurion declined, telling Ho: "I am certain we shall be able to establish a Jewish Government in Palestine."[32][33]
In 1946, when Ho traveled outside of the country, his subordinates imprisoned 2,500 non-communist nationalists and forced 6,000 others to flee.[34] Hundreds of political opponents were jailed or exiled in July 1946, notably members of the National Party of Vietnam and the Dai Viet National Party, after a failed attempt to raise a coup against the Vietminh government.[35][36] All rival political parties were hereafter banned and local governments were purged[37] to minimize opposition later on. However, it was noted that the Democratic Republic of Vietnam's first Congress had over two-third of its members come from non-Viet Minh political factions, some without election. NPV party leader Nguyễn Hải Thần was named Vice President.[38] They also held four out of ten ministerial positions.[39]
Birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam[edit]
On 2 September 1945, following Emperor Bảo Đại's abdication, Ho read the Declaration of Independence of Vietnam,[40] under the name of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. In Saigon, with violence between rival Vietnamese factions and French forces increasing, the British commander, General Sir Douglas Gracey, declared martial law. On 24 September, the Viet Minh leaders responded with a call for a general strike.[41]
In September 1945, a force of 200,000 Republic of China Army troops arrived in Hanoi to accept the surrender of the Japanese occupiers in northern Indochina. Ho made a compromise with their general, Lu Han, to dissolve the Communist Party and to hold an election which would yield a coalition government. When Chiang forced the French to give the French concessions in Shanghai back to China in exchange for withdrawing from northern Indochina, Ho had no choice but to sign an agreement with France on 6 March 1946, in which Vietnam would be recognized as an autonomous state in the Indochinese Federation and the French Union. The agreement soon broke down. The purpose of the agreement, for both the French and Vietminh, was for Chiang's army to leave North Vietnam. Fighting broke out in the North soon after the Chinese left.
Historian Professor Liam Kelley of the University of Hawaii at Manoa on his Le Minh Khai's SEAsian History Blog challenged the authenticity of the alleged quote where Hồ Chí Minh said he would rather sniff French shit than eat Chinese shit, noting that Stanley Karnow provided no source for the extended quote attributed to Ho in his 1983 Vietnam: A History, and that the original quote was most likely forged by the Frenchman Paul Mus in his 1952 book Viêt-Nam: Sociologie d’une Guerre, Mus was a supporter of French colonialism in Vietnam and Ho knew that there was no danger of Chinese troops staying in Vietnam, and in fact the Vietnamese at the time were busy spreading anti-French propaganda as evidence of French atrocities in Vietnam emerged, while Ho showed no qualms about accepting Chinese aid after 1949.[42][43]




Hồ Chí Minh (right) with Võ Nguyên Giáp (left) in Hanoi, 1945


The Viet Minh then collaborated with French colonial forces to massacre supporters of the Vietnamese nationalist movements in 1945-6.[44] The Communists eventually suppressed all non-Communist parties but failed to secure a peace deal with France. In the final days of 1946, after a year of diplomatic failure and many concessions in agreements such as the Dalat and Fontainebleau conferences, the Democratic Republic of Vietnam government found that war was inevitable. The bombardment of Haiphong by French forces at Hanoi only strengthened the belief that France had no intention of allowing an autonomous, independent state in Vietnam. On 19 December 1946, Ho, representing his government, declared war against the French Union, marking the beginning of the Indochina War.[45] The Vietnam National Army, by then mostly armed with machetes and muskets immediately attacked, waging assault against French positions, smoking them out with straw bundled with chili pepper, destroying armored vehicles with "lunge mines" (a hollow-charge warhead on the end of a pole, detonated by thrusting the charge against the side of a tank; typically a suicide weapon[46]) and Molotov cocktails, holding off attackers by using roadblocks, landmines and gravel. After two months of fighting, the exhausted Viet Minh forces withdrew after systematically destroying any valuable infrastructure. Ho was reported to be captured by a group of French soldiers led by Jean-Étienne Valluy at Việt Bắc in Operation Lea. The person in question turned out to be a Viet Minh advisor, who was later killed trying to escape. According to journalist Bernard Fall, after fighting the French for several years, Ho decided to negotiate a truce. The French negotiators arrived at the meeting site: a mud hut with a thatched roof. Inside they found a long table with chairs and were surprised to discover in one corner of the room a silver ice bucket containing ice and a bottle of good Champagne which should have indicated that Ho expected the negotiations to succeed. One demand by the French was the return to French custody of a number of Japanese military officers (who had been helping the Vietnamese armed forces by training them in the use of weapons of Japanese origin), in order for them to stand trial for war crimes committed during World War II. Ho replied that the Japanese officers were allies and friends whom he could not betray. Then he walked out, to seven more years of war.[47]
In February 1950, after the successful removal of the French border's blockade,[48] Ho met with Stalin and Mao Zedong in Moscow after the Soviet Union recognized his government. They all agreed that China would be responsible for backing the Viet Minh.[49] Mao's emissary to Moscow stated in August that China planned to train 60,000–70,000 Viet Minh in the near future.[50] The road to the outside world was open for Viet Minh forces to receive additional supplies which would allow them to escalate the fight against the French regime throughout Indochina. In 1954, after the crushing defeat of French Union forces at Battle of Dien Bien Phu, France was forced to give up its fight against the Viet Minh. The Viet Minh murdered between 100,000 and 150,000 civilians during the war.[51]
Becoming president and Vietnam War[edit]




Effigies of "Charles DeGaulle and Hồ Chí Minh are hanged" by Students demonstration in Saigon, July 1964, observing the tenth anniversary of the July 1954 Geneva Agreements


The 1954 Geneva Accords concluded between France and the Viet Minh, allowing the latter's forces to regroup in the North whilst anti-communist groups settled in the South. Ho's Democratic Republic of Vietnam relocated to Hanoi and became the government of North Vietnam, a communist-led one-party state.
Following the Geneva Accords, there was to be a 300-day period in which people could freely move between the two regions of Vietnam, later known as South Vietnam and North Vietnam. More than 1 million North Vietnamese people fled to the South. A much smaller number moved North.[52] It is estimated that as many as two million more would have left had they not been stopped by the Viet Minh.[53]
All the parties at Geneva called for reunification elections, but could not agree on the details. Recently appointed Viet Minh acting foreign minister Pham Van Dong proposed elections under the supervision of "local commissions". The US, with the support of Britain and the Associated States of Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia, suggested UN supervision. This plan was rejected by Soviet representative Vyacheslav Molotov, who argued for a commission composed of an equal number of communist and non-communist members, which could determine "important" issues only by unanimous agreement.[54] The negotiators were unable to agree on a date for the elections for reunification. The DRV argued that the elections should be held within 6 months of the ceasefire, while the Western allies sought to have no deadline. Molotov proposed June 1955, then later softened this to any time in 1955 and finally July 1956.[55]:610 The Diem government supported reunification elections, but only with effective international supervision, arguing that genuinely free elections were impossible in the totalitarian North.[56] By the afternoon of 20 July the remaining outstanding issues were resolved as the parties agreed that the partition line should be at the 17th parallel and that the elections for reunification should be in July 1956, two years after the ceasefire.[55]:604 The "Agreement on the Cessation of Hostilities in Vietnam" was signed only by French and Viet Minh military commands, completely bypassing the State of Vietnam.[57] Based on a proposal by Chinese delegation head Zhou Enlai, an International Control Commission (ICC) chaired by India, with Canada and Poland as members, was placed in charge of supervising the ceasefire.[55]:603[58] Because issues were to be decided unanimously, Poland's presence in the ICC provided the communists effective veto power over supervision of the treaty.[59] The unsigned "Final Declaration of the Geneva Conference" called for reunification elections, which the majority of delegates expected to be supervised by the ICC. The Viet Minh never accepted ICC authority over such elections, stating that the ICC's "competence was to be limited to the supervision and control of the implementation of the Agreement on the Cessation of Hostilities by both parties."[60] Of the nine nations represented, only the United States and the State of Vietnam refused to accept the declaration. U.S. undersecretary of state Walter Bedell Smith delivered a "unilateral declaration" of the US position, reiterating: "We shall seek to achieve unity through free elections supervised by the United Nations to insure that they are conducted fairly."[61]




Ho Chi Minh with East German sailors in Stralsund harbour during his 1957 visit to East Germany






Ho Chi Minh with members of the East German Young Pioneers near Berlin, 1957


Between 1953 and 1956, the North Vietnamese government instituted various agrarian reforms, including "rent reduction" and "land reform", which resulted in significant political oppression. During the land reform, testimony from North Vietnamese witnesses suggested a ratio of one execution for every 160 village residents, which extrapolated nationwide would indicate nearly 100,000 executions. Because the campaign was concentrated mainly in the Red River Delta area, a lower estimate of 50,000 executions became widely accepted by scholars at the time.[62][63][64][65] However, declassified documents from the Vietnamese and Hungarian archives indicate that the number of executions was much lower than reported at the time, although likely greater than 13,500.[66]
At the end of 1959, Lê Duẩn was appointed by Ho to be the acting party leader, after becoming aware that the nationwide election would never happen and Diem's intention to purge out all opposing forces (mostly ex-Viet Minh). Ho began requesting the Politburo to send aid to the Viet Cong's uprising in South Vietnam. This was considered by Western analyzers as a loss of power by Ho, who is said to have preferred the more moderate Giap for the position.[67] North Vietnam invaded Laos in 1959 aided by the Pathet Lao, and used 30,000 men to build invasion and supply routes through Laos known as the Ho Chi Minh trail,[68] which allowed the North to send troops and aid to the Vietcong through Laos and Cambodia, thus escalating the war and tipping the balance, turning it to their favor.[69] Duan was officially named party leader in 1960, leaving Ho a public figure rather than actually governing the country. Ho maintained much influence in the government, Tố Hữu, Lê Duẩn, Trường Chinh, and Phạm Văn Đồng would often share dinner with him, and later all of them remained key figures of Vietnam throughout and after the war. In 1963, Ho purportedly corresponded with South Vietnamese President Diem in the hopes of achieving a negotiated peace.[17]:174
In late 1964, PAVN combat troops were sent southwest into officially neutral Laos and Cambodia.[70] According to Chen Jian, during the mid-to-late 1960s, Le Duan permitted 320,000 Chinese volunteers into North Vietnam to help build infrastructure for the country, thereby freeing a similar number of PAVN personnel to go south.[71] However, there are no sources from Vietnam, US or the USSR confirming the number of Chinese troops stationed in Northern Vietnam. By early 1965, U.S. combat troops began arriving in South Vietnam, first to protect the airbases around Chu Lai and Da Nang, later to take on most of the fight, as "More and more American troops were put in to replace Saigon troops who could not, or would not, get involved in the fighting".[72]




Hồ Chí Minh meeting a North Vietnamese circus troupe after their performance at the Presidential Palace, Hanoi, 1967.


As fighting escalated, widespread aerial and artillery bombardment all over North Vietnam by the U.S. Air Force and Navy begin with Operation Rolling Thunder. In July 1967, Ho and most of the Politburo of Workers Party of Vietnam met in a high-profile conference where they all concluded the war had fallen into a stalemate, since the United States Army presence forced the People's Army of Vietnam to expend the majority of their resources maintaining the Ho Chi Minh trail instead of reinforcing their comrade's ranks in the South. With Ho's permission, the Viet Cong planned to execute the Tet Offensive to begin on 31 January 1968, gambling on taking the South by force and defeating the U.S. military. The offensive came at great cost and with heavy casualties on NLF's political branches and armed forces. It appeared to Ho and to the rest of his government that the scope of the action had shocked the world, which had up until then been assured that the Communists were "on the ropes". The overly positive spin that the U.S. military had been attempting to achieve for years came crashing down. The bombing of Northern Vietnam and Ho Chi Minh trail was halted, and U.S and Vietnamese negotiators began to discuss how to end the war. From then on, Ho and his government's strategy, based on the idea of "avoiding conventional warfare and facing the might of the U.S. Army, which would wear them down eventually, while merely prolonging the conflict would lead to eventual acceptance of Hanoi's terms" materialized.
Personal life[edit]




Hồ Chí Minh watching a football game in his favourite fashion. His closest comrade – Prime Minister Phạm Văn Đồng is the person sitting next to him on the right corner.


Other than a politician, Ho was also a writer, journalist, poet and polyglot. His father was a scholar and teacher, who received a high degree in the Nguyễn dynasty Imperial examination; Ho was taught to master Classical Chinese at a young age. Before the August Revolution, he often wrote poetry in Chữ Hán (the Vietnamese name for the Chinese writing system). One of those is Poems from the Prison Diary made when he was imprisoned by the police of the Republic of China. This poetry chronicle is Vietnam National Treasure No. 10, and was translated to many languages. It is used in Vietnamese high schools.[73] After Vietnam gained independence from France, the new government promoted Chữ Quốc Ngữ (Vietnamese writing system in Latin characters) exclusivity to eliminate illiteracy. Ho started to create more poems in the modern Vietnamese language for dissemination to a wider range of readers. After he became President until the appearance of serious health problems, a short poem of his was regularly published in the newspaper Nhân Dân Tết (Lunar new year) edition to encourage his people in working, studying or fighting Americans in the new year.
Because of staying nearly 30 years in exile, Ho could speak fluently, as well as read and write professionally, in French, English, Russian, Cantonese and Mandarin in addition to his mother tongue Vietnamese.[74] In the 1920s, he was bureau chief / editor of many newspapers which he established to criticize French Colonial Government of Indochina and serving communism propaganda purposes. Examples are Le Paria (The Pariah) first published in Paris 1922 or Thanh Nien (Youth) first published on 21 June 1925 (21 June was named by The Socialist Republic of Vietnam Government as Vietnam Revolutionary Journalism Day). In many state official visits to Soviet Union and China, he often talked directly to their communist leaders without interpreters especially about top secret information. While being interviewed by Western journalists, he used French.[75] His Vietnamese had a strong accent from his birthplace in the central province of Nghệ An, but could be widely understood through the country.[note 1]




Stilt house of "Uncle Ho" in Hanoi


As president, Ho held formal receptions for foreign heads of state and ambassadors at the Presidential Palace, but he personally did not live there. He ordered the building of a stilt house at the back of the palace, which is today known as the Presidential Palace Historical Site. His hobbies (according to his secretary Vũ Kỳ) included reading, gardening, feeding fish (many of which are still living) and visiting schools and children's homes.[77]
Ho remained in Hanoi during his final years, demanding the unconditional withdrawal of all non-Vietnamese troops in South Vietnam. By 1969, with negotiations still dragging on, Ho's health began to deteriorate from multiple health problems, including diabetes which prevented him from participating in further active politics. However, he insisted that his forces in the south continue fighting until all of Vietnam was reunited under his regime regardless of the length of time that it might take, believing that time was on his side.[77]
Death[edit]




Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, Hanoi.


With the outcome of the Vietnam War still in question, Hồ Chí Minh died at 09:47 on the morning of 2 September 1969 from heart failure at his home in Hanoi, aged 79. His embalmed body is currently on display in a mausoleum in Ba Đình Square in Hanoi despite his will stating that he wanted to be cremated.[5]:565 News of his death was withheld from the North Vietnamese public for nearly 48 hours because he had died on the anniversary of the founding of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. He was not initially replaced as president, but a "collective leadership" composed of several ministers and military leaders took over, known as the Politburo.
During North Vietnam's final campaign, a famous song written by composer Huy Thuc was often sung by People's Army of Vietnam soldiers, "Bác vẫn cùng chúng cháu hành quân" ("You are still marching with us, Uncle Ho").[78] Six years after his death, at the Fall of Saigon, several PAVN tanks in Saigon displayed a poster with those same words on it.
Legacy and personality cult[edit]
See also: Nông Thị Xuân, Nông Đức Mạnh, Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, and Zeng Xueming




Hồ Chí Minh statue outside Hồ Chí Minh City Hall, Ho Chi Minh City






Temple devoted to Nguyễn Sinh Sắc, Hồ Chí Minh's father


The former capital of South Vietnam, Saigon, was officially renamed Ho Chi Minh City on 2 July 1976[79] by the new VCP-controlled National Assembly of Vietnam. However, the name provokes strong anti-communist feeling in a substantial number of Vietnamese. Many Vietnamese, especially those living abroad, continue to refer to the city as Sài Gòn, in rejection of the new communist-imposed name and in honor of the former capital of anti-communist Republic of Vietnam.[80]
Ho's embalmed body is on display in Hanoi in a granite mausoleum modeled after Lenin's Tomb in Moscow. Streams of people queue each day, sometimes for hours, to pass his body in silence. This is reminiscent of other Communist leaders like Vladimir Lenin, Mao Zedong, Kim il-sung, and Kim Jong-il.
The Ho Chi Minh Museum in Hanoi is dedicated to his life and work.




Hồ Chí Minh holding his god-daughter, baby Elizabeth (Babette) Aubrac, and Elizabeth's mother, Lucie Aubrac in 1946






Shrine devoted to Ho Chi Minh


In Vietnam today, Ho's image appears on the front of all Vietnamese currency notes. His portrait and bust are featured prominently in most of Vietnam's public buildings, in classrooms (both public and private schools) and in some families' altars. There is at least one temple dedicated to him, built in Vĩnh Long shortly after his death, in 1970, in Viet Cong-controlled areas.[81] His birthday (19 May) is celebrated as an official state holiday.[82]
General Secretary Nguyễn Phú Trọng had named his two adopted sons after the great leader, who are currently working for the government on a number of projects. Hồ Xuân Minh is living in the United States and working as a shop fitter, assisting the Government investment overseas,[83] while Hồ Xuân Nam is a songwriter and composer. He is a standing committee member, a senior member of resolution 36 drafted in 2004, which has the purpose of connecting Vietnamese expatriates with their motherland.[84] Xuan Nam has in the past performed for the Vietnamese community abroad hoping to unite them with their motherland[85]
The communist regime has also continually maintained a personality cult around Ho since the 1950s in the North, and later extended it to the South, which it sees as a crucial part in their propaganda campaign about Ho and the Party's past. Ho is frequently glorified in schools to schoolchildren. Opinions, publications and broadcasts that are critical of Ho or that identify his flaws are banned in Vietnam. Both Vietnamese and foreign activists, writers, reporters and commentators who criticize anything about Ho in the slightest are arrested and imprisoned or fined for "opposing the people's revolution". Ho is even glorified to a religious status as an "immortal saint" by the Vietnamese Communist Party, and some people worship the President, according to a BBC report.[80]
Publications about Ho's non-celibacy are banned in Vietnam, because the Party maintains that Ho had no romantic relationship with anyone in his lifetime in order to portray a puritanical image of Ho to the Vietnamese public, and advance the image of Ho as "the father of the [communist] revolution"[86] and of a "celibate married only to the cause of revolution".[87] William Duiker's Ho Chi Minh: A Life (2000) presents much information on Ho's relationships.[5]:605, fn 58 The government requested substantial cuts in the official Vietnamese translation of Duiker's book, which was refused.[88] In 2002, the Vietnamese government suppressed a review of Duiker's book in the Far Eastern Economic Review.[88]
There's also a personality cult surrounding Nguyễn Sinh Sắc, Ho's father.[citation needed]
International influence[edit]




Ho Chi Minh bust in Kolkata, India


Ho Chi Minh is considered one of the most influential leaders in the world. TIME magazine listed him in the list of 100 Most Important People of the Twentieth Century (Time 100) in 1998[89][90]. His thought and revolution inspired many leaders and people in Asia, Africa and Latin America during the decolonization movement on a global scale after World War II. As a communist, he was one of the international figures which was highly praised in the Communist world[91].
Various places, boulevards and squares named after him around the world, especially in socialist states and former communist states. In Russia, there is a Ho Chi Minh square and monument in Moscow, Ho Chi Minh boulevard in Saint Peterburg and Ho Chi Minh square in Ulyanovsk (the birthplace of Lenin, a sister city of Vinh, birthplace of Ho Chi Minh). According to the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as many as 20 countries across Asia, Europe, America and Africa have erected statues in remembrance of President Ho Chi Minh[92].
Busts, statues and memorial plaques and exhibitions are displayed in destinations on his extensive world journey in exile from 1911 to 1941 including France, Great Britain, Russia, China and Thailand [93].
Many activists and musicians wrote songs about Ho Chi Minh and his revolutionism during Vietnam War in different languages to demonstrate against the US. Spanish songs are composed by Félix Pita Rodríguez, Carlos Puebla and Alí Primera. In addition, Chilean folk singer Víctor Jara referenced Hồ Chí Minh in his anti-war song "El derecho de vivir en paz" ("The Right to Live in Peace"). In English, Ewan MacColl wrote "The Ballad of Ho Chi Minh" and Pete Seeger got "Teacher Uncle Ho". There are also songs about him in Russian by Vladimir Fere and in German by Kurt Demmler.
In 1987, UNESCO officially recommended to member states that they "join in the commemoration of the centenary of the birth of President Ho Chi Minh by organizing various events as a tribute to his memory", considering "the important and many-sided contribution of President Ho Chi Minh in the fields of culture, education and the arts" who "devoted his whole life to the national liberation of the Vietnamese people, contributing to the common struggle of peoples for peace, national independence, democracy and social progress."[94]

Notes[edit]


^ He sometimes went on-air to deliver important political messages and encourage soldiers.[76]


References[edit]


^ "Ho Chi Minh". Random House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary.
^ a b Trần Quốc Vượng. "Lời truyền miệng dân gian về Hồ Chí Minh". BBC Vietnamese. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b c Vũ Ngự Chiêu. "Vài vấn nạn lịch sử thế kỷ XX: Hồ Chí Minh—Nhà ngoại giao, 1945–1946". Hợp Lưu Magazine. Note: See the document in French, from Centre des archives d'Outre-mer [CAOM] (Aix)/Gouvernement General de l'Indochine [GGI]/Fonds Residence Superieure d'Annam [RSA]/carton R1, and the note in English at the end of the cited article. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b Nguyễn Vĩnh Châu. "Phỏng vấn sử gia Vũ Ngự Chiêu về những nghiên cứu lịch sử liên quan đến Hồ Chí Minh". Hợp Lưu Magazine. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k Duiker, William J. Ho Chi Minh: A Life. New York: Hyperion, 2000.
^ a b Hunt, Michael H. (2016). The World Transformed 1945 To the Present. New York, New York: Oxford University Press. p. 125. ISBN 978-0-19-937102-0. 
^ a b c d e f "Quinn-Judge", "Sophie" (2002). Hồ Chí Minh: The Missing Years. University of California Press. 
^ Winter, Marcus (1989). Uncle Ho: Father Of A Nation. Limehouse Press, London. 
^ "The Drayton Court Hotel". Ealing.gov.uk. Retrieved 30 January 2013. 
^ Forbes, Andrew; Henley, David (2012). Vietnam Past and Present: The North. Chiang Mai, Thailand: Cognoscenti Books. 
^ Harries, David. "Maritime Sussex". Sussex Express. Retrieved 12 June 2015. 
^ Phong, Huy; Anh, Yen (1989). "Unmasking Ho Chi Minh". "Viet Quoc". Retrieved 2015-06-11. 
^ For a thumbnail of a photograph in the Library of Congress collection showing Quốc at the Versailles Conference, see "Ho Chi Minh, 1890–1969, half length, standing, facing left; as member of French Socialist Party at Versailles Peace Conference, 1919", Library of Congress Prints and Photographs Online Catalog.
^ Huynh, Kim Kháhn, Vietnamese Communism, 1925–1945. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1982; pg. 60.
^ Tran Dan, Tien. "Ho Chi Minh, Life and Work". Communist Party of Vietnam Online Newspaper. Gioi Publishers. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ Brett Reilly review of "Embers of War: The Fall of an Empire and the Making of America's Vietnam" by Fredrik Logevall, Journal of Vietnamese Studies 11.1 (2016), 147.r
^ a b c d e Brocheux, Pierre; Duiker,, Claire, translator (2011). Ho Chi Minh : a biography (1. publ. ed.). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-1-107-62226-5. 
^ Obituary in The New York Times, 4 September 1969
^ a b c d e Brocheux, P. pp. 39–40
Duiker, p. 143.
^ a b Davidson, Phillip B., Vietnam at War: The History: 1946–1975 (1991), p. 4.
Hoàng Văn Chí. From Colonialism to Communism (1964), p. 18.
^ "Ho Chi Minh". u-s-history.com. 
^ "Ho Chi Minh Was Noted for Success in Blending Nationalism and Communism", The New York Times
^ Interview with Archimedes L. A. Patti, 1981, http://openvault.wgbh.org/catalog/vietnam-bf3262-interview-with-archimedes-l-a-patti-1981
^ Interview with OSS officer Carleton Swift, 1981, http://openvault.wgbh.org/catalog/vietnam-9dc948-interview-with-carleton-swift
^ Zinn, Howard (1995). A People's History of the United States: 1492–present. New York: Harper Perennial. p. 460. ISBN 0-06-092643-0. 
^ "Collection of Letters by Ho Chi Minh". Rationalrevolution.net. Retrieved 26 September 2009. 
^ Zinn, Howard (1995). A People's History of the United States. New York: Harper Perennial. p. 461. ISBN 0-06-092643-0. 
^ The Black Book of Communism
^ Joseph Buttinnger, Vietnam: A Dragon Embattled, vol 1 (New York: Praeger, 1967)
^ Ngo, Van (2 November 2010). In The Crossfire: Adventures of a Vietnamese Revolutionary. Oakland, CA: AK Press. p. 163. ISBN 978-1849350136. 
^ Lind, Michael (18 October 1999). Vietnam: The Necessary War. New York: Free Press. p. 141. ISBN 978-0684842547. 
^ a b c "Ben-gurion Reveals Suggestion of North Vietnam's Communist Leader". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 8 November 1966. Retrieved 5 September 2015. 
^ a b c "ISRAEL WAS EVERYTHING". Nytimes.com. 21 June 1987. Retrieved 5 September 2015. 
^ Currey, Cecil B. Victory At Any Cost (Washington: Brassey's, 1997), p. 126
^ "ER404 – Báo Công an nhân dân điện tử". cand.com.vn. 
^ Tucker, Spencer. Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: a political, social, and military history (vol. 2), 1998
^ Colvin, John. Giap: the Volcano under the Snow (New York: Soho Press, 1996), p. 51
^ Vietnamese Wikipedia profile of Nguyễn Hải Thần
^ vi:Chính phủ Liên hiệp Kháng chiến Việt Nam
^ "Vietnam Declaration of Independence". Coombs.anu.edu.au. 2 September 1945. Archived from the original on 6 October 2009. Retrieved 26 September 2009. 
^ Karnow, Stanley. Vietnam: a History.
^ https://leminhkhai.wordpress.com/2012/09/01/ho-chi-minh-said-what/ proof that he runs the blog
^ https://leminhkhai.wordpress.com/2013/04/25/chiang-kai-shek-and-vietnam-in-1945/
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Press. pp. 57–9, 67–9, 74.  and "Myths of the Vietnam War". Southeast Asian Perspectives. September 1972. pp. 14–8. ; also Dommen, Arthur J. (2001). The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans. Indiana University Press. pp. 153–4. 
^ vi:Lời kêu gọi toàn quốc kháng chiến
^ "Lone Sentry: New Weapons for Jap Tank Hunters (U.S. WWII Intelligence Bulletin, March 1945)". www.lonesentry.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Fall, Bernard. Last reflections on a War, p. 88. New York: Doubleday (1967).
^ vi:Chiến dịch Biên giới
^ Luo, Guibo. pp. 233–36
^ Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, "Chronology", p. 45.
^ Dommen, Arthur J. (2001), The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans, Indiana University Press, pg. 252.
^ United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "The State of The World's Refugees 2000 – Chapter 4: Flight from Indochina" (PDF). Retrieved 6 April 2007. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origin and Development. Hoover Institution Press. p. 75. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 89, 91, 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ a b c Logevall, Fredrik (2012). Embers of War: The fall of an Empire and the making of America's Vietnam. random House. ISBN 978-0-679-64519-1. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 107. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 90, 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 99. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 95, 99–100. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 143. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ cf. Gittinger, J. Price, "Communist Land Policy in Viet Nam", Far Eastern Survey, Vol. 29, No. 8, 1957, p. 118.
^ Courtois, Stephane; et al. (1997). The Black Book of Communism. Harvard University Press. p. 569. ISBN 978-0-674-07608-2. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Dommen, Arthur J. (2001), The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans, Indiana University Press, p. 340, gives a lower estimate of 32,000 executions.
^ "Newly released documents on the land reform". Vietnam Studies Group. Archived from the original on 20 April 2011. Retrieved 15 July 2016. Vu Tuong: There is no reason to expect, and no evidence that I have seen to demonstrate, that the actual executions were less than planned; in fact the executions perhaps exceeded the plan if we consider two following factors. First, this decree was issued in 1953 for the rent and interest reduction campaign that preceded the far more radical land redistribution and party rectification campaigns (or waves) that followed during 1954–1956. Second, the decree was meant to apply to free areas (under the control of the Viet Minh government), not to the areas under French control that would be liberated in 1954–1955 and that would experience a far more violent struggle. Thus the number of 13,500 executed people seems to be a low-end estimate of the real number. This is corroborated by Edwin Moise in his recent paper "Land Reform in North Vietnam, 1953–1956" presented at the 18th Annual Conference on SE Asian Studies, Center for SE Asian Studies, University of California, Berkeley (February 2001). In this paper Moise (7–9) modified his earlier estimate in his 1983 book (which was 5,000) and accepted an estimate close to 15,000 executions. Moise made the case based on Hungarian reports provided by Balazs, but the document I cited above offers more direct evidence for his revised estimate. This document also suggests that the total number should be adjusted up some more, taking into consideration the later radical phase of the campaign, the unauthorized killings at the local level, and the suicides following arrest and torture (the central government bore less direct responsibility for these cases, however). CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link) cf. Szalontai, Balazs (November 2005). "Political and Economic Crisis in North Vietnam, 1955–56". Cold War History. 5 (4): 395–426.  cf. Vu, Tuong (2010). Paths to Development in Asia: South Korea, Vietnam, China, and Indonesia. Cambridge University Press. p. 103. ISBN 9781139489010. Clearly Vietnamese socialism followed a moderate path relative to China. ... Yet the Vietnamese 'land reform' campaign ... testified that Vietnamese communists could be as radical and murderous as their comrades elsewhere. 
^ Cheng Guan Ang & Ann Cheng Guan, The Vietnam War from the Other Side, p. 21. (2002)
^ The Economist, 26 February 1983.
^ Lind, 1999
^ Davidson, Vietnam at War: the history, 1946–1975, 1988
^ Chen Jian. "China's Involvement in the Vietnam Conflict, 1964–69", China Quarterly, No. 142 (June 1995), pp. 366–69.
^ "Vietnam Veterans Against the War: History of the U.S. War in Vietnam". vvaw.org. 
^ Translated version:

French – Người tình nguyện vào ngục Bastille dịch "Nhật ký trong tù"
Czech – by cs:Ivo Vasiljev.
Korean – "Prison Diary" published in Korean by Ahn Kyong Hwan.
English – by Steve Bradbury, Tinfish Press

Older version – by Aileen Palmer


Spanish – [1] by Félix Pita Rodríguez
Romanian – by ro:Constantin Lupeanu
Russian – by Pavel Antokolsky


^ Duiker, William J. (2000). Ho Chi Minh: A Life. Hyperion. ISBN 978-0-7868-8701-9. 
^ [iMarx] Full translated – English subtitle-Interview President Ho Chi Minh – 1964. YouTube. 19 December 2011. 
^ Marr, David, Vietnam: State, War, and Revolution (1945–1946), 2013, University of California Press [2]
^ a b Phỏng vấn Vũ Kỳ – Thư ký của chủ tịch Hồ Chí Minh. YouTube. 10 August 2011. 
^ Vietnamese Wikipedia article on Huy Thuc
^ "Nghị quyết của Quốc hội nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam về việc chính thức đặt tên thành phố Sài Gòn – Gia Định là thành phố Hồ Chí Minh". wikisource.org. 
^ a b Marsh, Viv (6 June 2012). "Uncle Ho's legacy lives on in Vietnam". BBC News. Retrieved 2 December 2012. 
^ [3]
^ Trawicky, Bernard (30 April 2009). Anniversaries and Holidays. American Library Association. p. 84. ISBN 9780838910047. Retrieved 18 May 2017. 
^ (http://phapluatxahoi.vn/20120516074013759p1001c1015/tong-bi-thu-se-lam-truong-ban-chi-dao-phong-chong-tham-nhung.htm)
^ (http://www.universityworldnews.com/article.php?story=2013040414214828)
^ (http://www.radicalparty.org/it/node/5070797)
^ Dinh, Thuy. "The Writer's Life Stephen B. Young and Hoa Pham Young: Painting in Lacquer". The Zenith by Duong Thu Huong. Da Mau magazine. Retrieved 25 December 2013. 
^ Baker, Mark (15 August 2002). "Uncle Ho: a legend on the battlefield and in the boudoir". Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved 25 December 2013. 
^ a b "Great 'Uncle Ho' may have been a mere mortal". The Age. 15 August 2002. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ TIME Vol. 151 No. 14 (published 13 April 1998), visited 29 May 2017
^ Stanley Karnow, 13 April 1998, Ho Chi Minh, TIME
^ Interview with William Duiker on Hồ Chí Minh: A Life, 12 November 2000
^ Tuoi Tre News, Remembering Vietnam’s late President Ho Chi Minh in foreign countries, 27 January 2017
^ The places where President Ho Chi Minh lived and worked in Thailand, Vietnam Breaking News, 19 May 2017
^ "UNESCO. General Conference; 24th; Records of the General Conference, 24th session, Paris, 20 October to 20 November 1987, v. 1: Resolutions; 1988" (PDF). Retrieved 26 September 2009. 


Further reading[edit]
Essays

Bernard B. Fall, ed., 1967. Ho Chi Minh on Revolution and War, Selected Writings 1920–1966. New American Library.

Biography

William J. Duiker. 2000. Ho Chi Minh: A Life. Theia.
Jean Lacouture. 1968. Ho Chi Minh: A Political Biography. Random House.
Khắc Huyên. 1971. Vision Accomplished? The Enigma of Ho Chi Minh. The Macmillan Company.
David Halberstam. 1971. Ho. Rowman & Littlefield.
Hồ chí Minh toàn tập. NXB chính trị quốc gia
Sophie Quinn-Judge. 2003. Ho Chi Minh: The missing years. C. Hurst & Co. ISBN 1-85065-658-4
Tôn Thất Thiện, Was Ho Chi Minh a Nationalist? Ho Chi Minh and the Comintern Information and Resource Centre, Singapore, 1990

Việt Minh, NLF and the Democratic Republic of Vietnam

William J. Duiker. 1981. The Communist Road to Power in Vietnam. Westview Press.
Hoang Van Chi. 1964. From colonialism to communism. Praeger.
Trương Như Tảng. 1986. A Viet Cong Memoir. Vintage.

War in Vietnam

Frances FitzGerald. 1972. Fire in the Lake: The Vietnamese and the Americans in Vietnam. Little, Brown and Company.

American foreign policy

Henry A. Kissinger. 1979. White House Years. Little, Brown.
Richard Nixon. 1987. No More Vietnams. Arbor House Pub Co.

External links[edit]



Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Ho Chi Minh





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Ho Chi Minh





Wikimedia Commons has media related to:
Hồ Chí Minh (category)




Works by or about Ho Chi Minh at Internet Archive
The Drayton Court Hotel
Hồ Chí Minh obituary, The New York Times, 4 September 1969
TIME 100: Hồ Chí Minh
Ho Chi Minh selected writings
Hồ Chí Minh's biography
Satellite photo of the mausoleum on Google Maps
Final Tribute to Hồ from the Central Committee of the Vietnam Workers' Party
Bibliography: Writings by and about Hồ Chí Minh



Political offices


Preceded by
Bảo Đại
as Emperor
President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
2 September 1945 – 2 September 1969
Succeeded by
Tôn Đức Thắng


Preceded by
Trần Trọng Kim
as Prime Minister of the Empire of Vietnam
Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
2 September 1945 – 20 September 1955
Succeeded by
Phạm Văn Đồng


Party political offices


Preceded by
New title
Chairman of the Workers' Party of Vietnam
1951–1969
Succeeded by
None


Preceded by
Trường Chinh
First Secretary of the Workers' Party of Vietnam
1956–1960
Succeeded by
Lê Duẩn








v
t
e


Vietnamese independence movement



Events



Bombardment of Tourane
Siege of Saigon
Capture of the Citadel of Saigon
Conquest of Cochinchina
Ba Dinh uprising / Cần Vương
Pacification of Tonkin
Hanoi Poison Plot
World War I
1916 Cochinchina uprising
Thái Nguyên uprising
Bazin assassination
Yên Bái mutiny
Nghệ-Tĩnh Soviets
World War II
1940 Cochinchina uprising
Japanese coup d'état in French Indochina
August Revolution
Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
First Indochina War
Battle of Dien Bien Phu
Geneva Conference












Organisations



Cần Vương
Đông Du
Duy Tân hội
Empire of Vietnam
Nguyễn dynasty
Tonkin Free School
Việt Nam Quang Phục Hội
Vietnamese Revolutionary Youth League
Việt Nam Quốc Dân Đảng
Viet Minh
Communist Party of Vietnam





Revolutionaries



Cường Để
Đinh Công Tráng
Ho Chi Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng
Lương Văn Can
Ngô Đức Kế
Nguyễn An Ninh
Nguyễn Đình Chiểu
Nguyễn Quang Bích
Nguyễn Quyền
Nguyễn Thái Học
Nguyễn Thần Hiến
Nguyễn Thành
Nguyễn Thiện Thuật
Nguyễn Thượng Hiền
Nguyễn Trung Trực
Nguyen Xuan On
Phạm Bành
Phan Bội Châu
Phan Chu Trinh
Phan Đình Phùng
Phan Thanh Giản
Phan Xích Long
Tạ Thu Thâu
Tôn Thất Thuyết
Trần Cao Vân
Trương Định
Vũ Hồng Khanh





Emperors



Tự Đức
Hàm Nghi
Thành Thái
Duy Tân
Bảo Đại





French rulers



Albert Sarraut
Jean Decoux
French Indochina

Governor-General







Collaborators



Hoàng Cao Khải
Trần Bá Lộc












v
t
e


 Heads of state of Vietnam since 1945



Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945–76)





Hồ Chí Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng1
Tôn Đức Thắng





State of Vietnam (1949–55)




Bảo Đại
Ngô Đình Diệm1





Republic of Vietnam (1955–75)




Ngô Đình Diệm
Dương Văn Minh2
Nguyễn Khánh2
Provisional Leadership Committee3
Dương Văn Minh2
Phan Khắc Sửu2
Nguyễn Văn Thiệu2
Trần Văn Hương
Dương Văn Minh





Republic of South Vietnam (1969–76)




Nguyễn Hữu Thọ





Socialist Republic of Vietnam (1976–present)




Tôn Đức Thắng
Nguyễn Hữu Thọ1
Trường Chinh
Võ Chí Công
Lê Đức Anh
Trần Đức Lương
Nguyễn Minh Triết
Trương Tấn Sang
Trần Đại Quang








1acting
2military
3collective leadership












v
t
e


Heads of government of Vietnam since 1945



Empire of Vietnam (1945)



Trần Trọng Kim





Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945–76)




Hồ Chí Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng1
Phạm Văn Đồng





Autonomous Republic of Cochinchina (1946–49)



Nguyễn Văn Thinh
Lê Văn Hoạch
Nguyễn Văn Xuân





State of Vietnam (1949–55)



Bảo Đại
Nguyễn Phan Long
Trần Văn Hữu
Nguyễn Văn Tâm
Nguyễn Phúc Bửu Lộc
Ngô Đình Diệm





Republic of Vietnam (1955–75)



Nguyễn Ngọc Thơ
Nguyễn Khánh2
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh1
Nguyễn Khánh2
Trần Văn Hương
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh1
Phan Huy Quát
Nguyễn Cao Kỳ2
Nguyễn Văn Lộc
Trần Văn Hương
Trần Thiện Khiêm
Nguyễn Bá Cẩn
Vũ Văn Mẫu





Republic of South Vietnam (1969–76)




Huỳnh Tấn Phát





Socialist Republic of Vietnam (1976–present)




Phạm Văn Đồng
Phạm Hùng
Võ Văn Kiệt1
Đỗ Mười
Võ Văn Kiệt
Phan Văn Khải
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng
Nguyễn Xuân Phúc








1acting
2head of a military government












v
t
e


Heads of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam



Chairman (1951–69)



Hồ Chí Minh








General Secretaries (1930-present)



Trịnh Đình Cửu1
Trần Phú
Lê Hồng Phong
Hà Huy Tập
Nguyễn Văn Cừ
Trường Chinh
Hồ Chí Minh1
Lê Duẩn
Trường Chinh
Nguyễn Văn Linh
Đỗ Mười
Lê Khả Phiêu
Nông Đức Mạnh
Nguyễn Phú Trọng








1provisional












v
t
e


Cold War






USA
USSR
ANZUS
NATO
Non-Aligned Movement
SEATO
Warsaw Pact





1940s



Hukbalahap Rebellion
Dekemvriana
Yalta Conference
Guerrilla war in the Baltic states

Forest Brothers
Operation Priboi
Operation Jungle
Occupation of the Baltic states


Cursed soldiers
Operation Unthinkable
Potsdam Conference
Gouzenko Affair
Operation Masterdom
Operation Beleaguer
Operation Blacklist Forty
Iran crisis of 1946
Greek Civil War
Corfu Channel incident
Turkish Straits crisis
Restatement of Policy on Germany
First Indochina War
Truman Doctrine
Asian Relations Conference
Marshall Plan
1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état
Tito–Stalin Split
Berlin Blockade
Western betrayal
Iron Curtain
Eastern Bloc
Western Bloc
Chinese Civil War (Second round)
Malayan Emergency
Albanian Subversion





1950s



Bamboo Curtain
Korean War
1953 Iranian coup d'état
Uprising of 1953 in East Germany
1954 Guatemalan coup d'état
Partition of Vietnam
First Taiwan Strait Crisis
Geneva Summit (1955)
Poznań 1956 protests
Hungarian Revolution of 1956
Suez Crisis
Syrian Crisis of 1957
Sputnik crisis
Second Taiwan Strait Crisis
Cuban Revolution
Kitchen Debate
Bandung Conference
Bricker Amendment
McCarthyism
Operation Gladio
Iraqi July Revolution
"We will bury you"





1960s



Congo Crisis
Sino-Soviet split
1960 U-2 incident
Bay of Pigs Invasion
1960 Turkish coup d'état
Soviet–Albanian split
Berlin Wall
Portuguese Colonial War

Angolan War of Independence
Guinea-Bissau War of Independence
Mozambican War of Independence


Cuban Missile Crisis
Sino-Indian War
Communist insurgency in Sarawak
Iraqi Ramadan Revolution
1963 Syrian coup d'état
Vietnam War
1964 Brazilian coup d'état
United States occupation of the Dominican Republic (1965–66)
South African Border War
Transition to the New Order
Domino theory
ASEAN Declaration
Laotian Civil War
1966 Syrian coup d'état
Argentine Revolution
Korean DMZ Conflict
Greek military junta of 1967–74
USS Pueblo incident
Six-Day War
War of Attrition
Dhofar Rebellion
Protests of 1968
French May
Cultural Revolution
Prague Spring
Communist insurgency in Malaysia
Invasion of Czechoslovakia
Iraqi Ba'athist Revolution
Goulash Communism
Sino-Soviet border conflict
CPP–NPA–NDF rebellion
Corrective Move





1970s



Détente
Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty
Black September in Jordan
Corrective Movement (Syria)
Cambodian Civil War
Realpolitik
Ping-pong diplomacy
1971 Turkish military memorandum
Corrective Revolution (Egypt)
Four Power Agreement on Berlin
Bangladesh Liberation War
1972 Nixon visit to China
North Yemen-South Yemen Border Conflict
1973 Chilean coup d'état
Yom Kippur War
Carnation Revolution
Strategic Arms Limitation Talks
Rhodesian Bush War
Angolan Civil War
Mozambican Civil War
Ogaden War
Ethiopian Civil War
Lebanese Civil War
Sino-Albanian split
Cambodian–Vietnamese War
Sino-Vietnamese War
Iranian Revolution
Operation Condor
Dirty War
Korean Air Lines Flight 902
Saur Revolution
New Jewel Movement
1979 Herat uprising
Seven Days to the River Rhine
Struggle against political abuse of psychiatry in the Soviet Union





1980s



Soviet–Afghan War
1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics boycotts
1980 Turkish coup d'état
Invasion of Grenada
1986 Black Sea incident
1988 Black Sea bumping incident
Solidarity

Soviet reaction


Contras
Central American crisis
RYAN
Korean Air Lines Flight 007
Able Archer 83
Star Wars
People Power Revolution
Nagorno-Karabakh War
Tiananmen Square protests of 1989
Fall of the Berlin Wall
Revolutions of 1989
Glasnost
Perestroika





1990s



Mongolian Revolution of 1990
German reunification
Yemeni unification
Fall of communism in Albania
Breakup of Yugoslavia
Dissolution of the Soviet Union
Dissolution of Czechoslovakia





Frozen conflicts



Abkhazia
China
Korea
Nagorno-Karabakh
South Ossetia
Transnistria
Sino-Indian border dispute
North Borneo dispute





Foreign policy



Truman Doctrine
Containment
Eisenhower Doctrine
Domino theory
Hallstein Doctrine
Kennedy Doctrine
Peaceful coexistence
Ostpolitik
Johnson Doctrine
Brezhnev Doctrine
Nixon Doctrine
Ulbricht Doctrine
Carter Doctrine
Reagan Doctrine
Rollback
Sovereignty of Puerto Rico during the Cold War





Ideologies



Capitalism

Chicago school
Keynesianism
Monetarism
Neoclassical economics
Reaganomics
Supply-side economics
Thatcherism
CIA and the Cultural Cold War




Communism

Marxism–Leninism
Castroism
Eurocommunism
Guevarism
Hoxhaism
Juche
Maoism
Naxalism
Stalinism
Titoism




Liberal democracy
Social democracy
White supremacy





Organizations



ASEAN
CIA
Comecon
EEC
KGB
Non-Aligned Movement
SAARC
Safari Club
MI6
Stasi





Propaganda



Active measures
Izvestia
Pravda
Crusade for Freedom
Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty
Red Scare
TASS
Voice of America
Voice of Russia





Races



Arms race
Nuclear arms race
Space Race





See also



Brinkmanship
NATO–Russia relations
Soviet espionage in the United States
Russian espionage in the United States
American espionage in the Soviet Union
Soviet Union–United States relations
US–Soviet summits
Cold War II








Category
Portal
Timeline
List of conflicts








Communism portal
Socialism portal
Politics portal
Literature portal
Cold War portal
Asia portal
Vietnam portal
Biography portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 39391273
LCCN: n80126088
GND: 11855168X
SUDOC: 028429591
BNF: cb120266704 (data)
NDL: 00443451










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ho_Chi_Minh&oldid=791849487"					
Categories: Ho Chi Minh1890 births1969 deathsAnti-RevisionistsBandung Conference attendeesCommunist Party of Vietnam politiciansCommunist rulersGeneral Secretaries of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of VietnamMembers of the Politburo of the Communist Party of VietnamNorth VietnamPeople from Nghe An ProvincePeople of the First Indochina WarPresidents of VietnamPrime Ministers of VietnamRecipients of the Order of LeninViet Minh membersVietnamese communistsVietnamese expatriates in ChinaVietnamese expatriates in FranceVietnamese expatriates in Hong KongVietnamese expatriates in the Soviet UnionVietnamese nationalistsVietnamese people of the Vietnam War20th-century Vietnamese poetsWorld War II resistance membersGovernment ministers of VietnamForeign ministersVietnamese male poetsHidden categories: CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse dmy dates from March 2013Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueArticles containing Vietnamese-language textArticles with hAudio microformatsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego贛語گیلکیગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLadinoلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаसंस्कृतम्ScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言Winaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ho Chi Minh - Wikipedia






















 






Ho Chi Minh

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Ho Chi Minh (disambiguation).


Ho Chi Minh


Hồ Chí Minh



Portrait c. 1946






Chairman of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Vietnam


In office
19 February 1951 – 2 September 1969


Preceded by
Position created


Succeeded by
Position abolished


First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Vietnam


In office
1 November 1956 – 10 September 1960


Preceded by
Trường Chinh


Succeeded by
Lê Duẩn


1st President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


In office
2 September 1945 – 2 September 1969


Preceded by
Position established
Bảo Đại (as Emperor)


Succeeded by
Tôn Đức Thắng


1st Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


In office
2 September 1945 – 20 September 1955


Preceded by
Position established
Trần Trọng Kim (as Prime Minister of the Empire of Vietnam)


Succeeded by
Phạm Văn Đồng


Minister of Foreign Affairs


In office
28 August 1945 – 2 March 1946


Preceded by
Position established


Succeeded by
Nguyễn Tường Tam


In office
3 November 1946 – March 1947


Preceded by
Nguyễn Tường Tam


Succeeded by
Hoàng Minh Giám


Member of the Politburo


In office
31 March 1935 – 2 September 1969





Personal details


Born
Nguyễn Sinh Cung
(1890-05-19)19 May 1890
Kim Liên, Nghệ An Province, French Indochina


Died
2 September 1969(1969-09-02) (aged 79)
Hanoi, North Vietnam


Nationality



Vietnamese
French





Political party
French Section of the Workers' International
(1919–1921)
French Communist Party
(1921–1925)
Communist Party of Vietnam
(1925–1969)


Spouse(s)
none (disputed)


Relations
Bạch Liên (or Nguyễn Thị Thanh) (Sister)
Nguyễn Sinh Khiêm (or Nguyễn Tất Đạt) (brother)
(Nguyễn Sinh Nhuận) (brother)


Parents
Nguyễn Sinh Sắc (father)
Hoàng Thị Loan (mother)


Alma mater
Communist University of the Toilers of the East


Profession
Politician


Signature





Vietnamese name


Vietnamese
Hồ Chí Minh


Hán-Nôm
胡志明




Vietnamese birth name


Vietnamese
Nguyễn Sinh Cung


Hán-Nôm
阮生恭


Hồ Chí Minh (/ˈhoʊ ˈtʃiː ˈmɪn/;[1] Vietnamese: [hò tɕǐ mīɲ] ( listen), Saigon: [hò tɕǐ mɨ̄n] ( listen); Chữ nôm: 胡志明; 19 May 1890 – 2 September 1969), born Nguyễn Sinh Cung,[2][3][4] also known as Nguyễn Tất Thành and Nguyễn Ái Quốc, was a Vietnamese Communist revolutionary leader who was Chairman and First secretary of the Workers' Party of Vietnam. Hồ was also prime minister (1945–55) and president (1945–69) of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (North Vietnam). He was a key figure in the foundation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945, as well as the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and the Việt Cộng (NLF or VC) during the Vietnam War.
He led the Việt Minh independence movement from 1941 onward, establishing the Communist-ruled Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945 and defeating the French Union in 1954 at the battle of Điện Biên Phủ. He officially stepped down from power in 1965 due to health problems, but remained a highly respected inspiration for those Vietnamese fighting for his cause—a united, communist Vietnam—until his death. After the war, Saigon, the former capital of the Republic of Vietnam, was renamed Hồ Chí Minh City.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 First sojourn in France
1.2 In the United States
1.3 In the United Kingdom


2 Political education in France
3 In the Soviet Union and China
4 Independence movement

4.1 Birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


5 Becoming president and Vietnam War
6 Personal life
7 Death
8 Legacy and personality cult
9 International influence
10 Notes
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early life[edit]
Ho Chi Minh was born Nguyễn Sinh Cung (as appeared in a letter from the director of Collège Quốc học, dated 7 August 1908),[2][3][4] in 1890 in the village of Hoàng Trù (the name of the local temple near Làng Sen), his mother's village. From 1895, he grew up in his father Nguyễn Sinh Sắc (Nguyễn Sinh Huy)'s village of Làng Sen, Kim Liên, Nam Đàn, Nghệ An Province. He had three siblings: his sister Bạch Liên (or Nguyễn Thị Thanh), a clerk in the French Army; his brother Nguyễn Sinh Khiêm (or Nguyễn Tất Đạt), a geomancer and traditional herbalist; and another brother (Nguyễn Sinh Nhuận) who died in his infancy. As a young child, Cung studied with his father before more formal classes with a scholar named Vuong Thuc Do. Cung quickly mastered Chinese writing, a prerequisite for any serious study of Confucianism, while honing his colloquial Vietnamese writing.[5]:21 In addition to his studious endeavors, he was fond of adventure, and loved to fly kites and go fishing.[5]:21 Following Confucian tradition, at the age of 10, his father gave him a new name: Nguyễn Tất Thành ("Nguyễn the Accomplished").
Thành's father was a Confucian scholar and teacher, and later an imperial magistrate in the small remote district of Binh Khe (Qui Nhơn). He was demoted for abuse of power after an influential local figure died several days after having received 102 strokes of the cane as punishment for an infraction.[5]:21Thành's father was eligible to serve in the imperial bureaucracy but refused because it meant serving the French.[6] This exposed Thành to rebellion at a young age and seemed to be the norm for the province where Thành came of age. The province was known for its resistance to foreign rule. In deference to his father, Thành received a French education, attended lycée in Huế, the alma mater of his later disciples, Phạm Văn Đồng and Võ Nguyên Giáp and his later enemy, Ngô Đình Diệm.
First sojourn in France[edit]
Previously, it was believed that Thành was involved in an anti-slavery (anti-corvée) demonstration of poor peasants in Huế in May 1908, which endangered his student status at Collège Quốc học. However, a document from the Centre des archives d'Outre-mer in France shows that he was admitted to Collège Quốc học on 8 August 1908, which was several months after the anti-corvée demonstration (9–13 April 1908).[3] The exaggeration of revolutionary credentials was common among Vietnamese communist leaders, as shown in Tôn Đức Thắng's falsified participation in the 1919 Black Sea revolt. Later in life, Hồ would claim the 1908 revolt had been the moment when his revolutionary outlook emerged, but his application to the French Colonial Administrative School in 1911 undermines this version of events. He chose to leave school in order to find a chance to go abroad. Because his father had been dismissed, he no longer had any hope for a governmental scholarship and went southward, taking a position at Dục Thanh school in Phan Thiết for about six months, then traveled to Saigon.
Thành worked as a kitchen helper on a French steamer, the Amirale de Latouche-Tréville, while using the alias "Văn Ba". The steamer departed on 5 June 1911 and arrived in Marseille, France on 5 July 1911. The ship then left for Le Havre and Dunkirk, returning to Marseille in mid-September. There he applied for the French Colonial Administrative School but his application was rejected. Instead, he decided to begin traveling the world by working on ships and visited many countries from 1911 to 1917.
In the United States[edit]
In 1912, while working as the cook's helper on a ship, Thành traveled to the United States. From 1912–13, he may have lived in New York City (Harlem) and Boston, where he claimed to have worked as a baker at the Parker House Hotel. The only evidence that Thành was in the United States is a letter to French colonial administrators dated 15 December 1912 and postmarked New York City (but he gave as his address Poste Restante in Le Havre and stated that he was a sailor) [7]:20 and a postcard to Phan Chu Trinh in Paris where he mentioned working at the Parker House Hotel. Inquiries to the Parker House management revealed no records of his ever having worked there.[5]:51 Among a series of menial jobs, he claimed to have worked for a wealthy family in Brooklyn between 1917–18, and for General Motors as a line manager.[8]:46 It is believed that while in the United States, he made contact with Korean nationalists, an experience that developed his political outlook, but Sophie Quinn-Judge admits that this is "in the realm of conjecture".[7]:20
In the United Kingdom[edit]
At various points between 1913 and 1919, Thành claimed to have lived in West Ealing, and later in Crouch End, Hornsey. He reportedly worked as either a chef or dish washer (reports vary) at the Drayton Court Hotel in West Ealing.[9] It is claimed that he trained as a pastry chef under Auguste Escoffier at the Carlton Hotel in the Haymarket, Westminster, but there is no evidence to support this.[7]:25 [10] However, the wall of New Zealand House, home of the New Zealand High Commission, which now stands on the site of the Carlton Hotel, displays a blue plaque, stating that Hồ Chí Minh worked there in 1913. Thành was also employed as a pastry boy on the Newhaven–Dieppe ferry route in 1913.[11]
Political education in France[edit]




Ho Chi Minh, 1921


From 1919 to 1923, while living in France, Thành began to show an interest in politics, being influenced by his friend and Socialist Party of France comrade Marcel Cachin. Thành claimed to have arrived in Paris from London in 1917, but the French police only had documents recording his arrival in June 1919.[7] He joined a group of Vietnamese nationalists in Paris whose leaders were Phan Chu Trinh, Phan Văn Trường, and Nguyễn Thế Truyền. They had been publishing newspaper articles advocating for Vietnamese independence under the pseudonym Nguyễn Ái Quốc ("Nguyễn the Patriot") prior to the arrival of Nguyễn Tất Thành in Paris in 1919.[12]
Following World War I, the group petitioned for recognition of the civil rights of the Vietnamese people in French Indochina to the Western powers at the Versailles peace talks, but was ignored.[13] Citing the principle of self-determination outlined prior to the peace accords, they requested the allied powers to end French colonial rule of Vietnam and ensure the formation of an independent government. Prior to the conference, the group sent their letter to allied leaders, including Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau and U.S. President Woodrow Wilson. They were unable to obtain consideration at Versailles, but the episode would later help establish Nguyễn Ái Quốc as a symbol of the anti-colonial movement at home in Vietnam.[14] Since Nguyễn Tất Thành was the public face behind the publication of the document (although it was written by Phan Văn Trường),[15] he soon became known as Nguyễn Ái Quốc and first used the name in September during an interview with a Chinese newspaper correspondent.[5]




A plaque in Compoint Lane, District 17, Paris indicates where Ho Chi Minh lived from 1921-1923


Many authors have speculated that 1919 was a lost "Wilsonian moment" when the future Hồ Chí Minh could have adopted a pro-American and less radical position if only President Wilson had received him. However, the available evidence shows that at the time of the Versailles Conference he was committed to a Socialist program. While the conference was ongoing, Nguyễn Ái Quốc was already delivering speeches on the prospects of Bolshevism in Asia and was attempting to persuade French Socialists to join Vladimir Lenin's Third Communist International.[16]
In December 1920, Quốc officially became a representative to the Congress of Tours of the Socialist Party of France, voted for the Third International and was a founding member of the Parti Communiste Français (FCP). Taking a position in the Colonial Committee of the PCF, he tried to draw his comrades' attention towards people in French colonies including Indochina, but his efforts were often unsuccessful. During this period he began to write journal articles and short stories as well as running his Vietnamese nationalist group. In May 1922, Quốc wrote an article for a French magazine criticizing the use of English words by French sportswriters.[17]:21 The article implored Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré to outlaw such Franglais as le manager, le round and le knock-out. While living in Paris, he reportedly had a relationship with a dressmaker named Marie Brière.
In the Soviet Union and China[edit]


Part of a series on


Marxism–Leninism







Concepts


Anti-imperialism
Anti-revisionism
Commanding heights of the economy
Communist society
Communist state
Democratic centralism
Economic planning
Marxist–Leninist atheism
One-party state
People's democracy
Popular front
Proletarian internationalism
Socialist patriotism
Socialist state
Theory of the productive forces
Third Period
Vanguardism








Variants


Guevarism
Ho Chi Minh Thought
Hoxhaism
Husakism
Kadarism
Khrushchevism
Maoism
Marxism–Leninism–Maoism
Prachanda Path
Titoism
Stalinism








People


Joseph Stalin
Ernst Thälmann
Earl Browder
Gonchigiin Bumtsend
Mao Zedong
Abimael Guzmán
José Díaz
Josip Broz Tito
Enver Hoxha
Palmiro Togliatti
Nikita Khrushchev
Fidel Castro
Che Guevara
Ho Chi Minh
Deng Xiaoping
Mathieu Kérékou
Agostinho Neto
Samora Machel
Thomas Sankara
Alfonso Cano








Literature


Wage Labour and Capital
Materialism and Empirio-criticism
Imperialism  (Lenin)
What Is to Be Done?
The State and Revolution

Dialectical and
Historical Materialism

Guerrilla Warfare

Fundamentals of
Marxism–Leninism









History


October Revolution
Soviet Union
Comintern
Hungarian Soviet Republic
Spanish Civil War
World War II
Warsaw Pact
Greek Civil War
Chinese Revolution
Korean War
Cuban Revolution
De-Stalinization
Non-Aligned Movement
Sino-Soviet split
Vietnam War
Portuguese Colonial War
Black Power movement
Nicaraguan Revolution
Nepalese Civil War
Naxalite insurgency
Internal conflict in Peru








Related topics


Bolshevism
Marxism
Leninism
Trotskyism








Communism portal
Socialism portal
Politics portal







v
t
e





In 1923, Quốc left Paris for Moscow carrying a passport with the name Chen Vang, a Chinese merchant,[5]:86 where he was employed by the Comintern, studied at the Communist University of the Toilers of the East,[5]:92[18] and participated in the Fifth Comintern Congress in June 1924, before arriving in Canton (present-day Guangzhou), China, in November 1924 using the name Ly Thuy.

External video

 Booknotes interview with William Duiker on Hồ Chí Minh: A Life, 12 November 2000, C-SPAN


In 1925–26, Quốc organized "Youth Education Classes" and occasionally gave socialist lectures to Vietnamese revolutionary young people living in Canton at the Whampoa Military Academy. These young people would become the seeds of a new revolutionary, pro-communist movement in Vietnam several years later. According to William Duiker, he lived with and married a Chinese woman, Zeng Xueming (Tăng Tuyết Minh), on 18 October 1926.[19] When his comrades objected to the match, he told them: "I will get married despite your disapproval because I need a woman to teach me the language and keep house."[19] She was 21 and he was 36.[19] They married in the same place where Zhou Enlai had married earlier, and then lived in the residence of a Comintern agent, Mikhail Borodin.[19]
Hoàng Văn Chí argued that in June 1925, Hồ betrayed Phan Bội Châu, the famous leader of a rival revolutionary faction and his father's old friend, to French Secret Service agents in Shanghai for 100,000 piastres.[20] A source states that Hồ later claimed he did it because he expected Châu's trial to stir up anti-French sentiment, and because he needed the money to establish a communist organization.[20] In Ho Chi Minh: A Life, William Duiker considered but rejected this hypothesis.[5]:126–128 Other sources claim that Nguyễn Thượng Hiền was responsible for Chau's capture. Chau, sentenced to lifetime house arrest, never denounced Quốc.
Chiang Kai-shek's 1927 anti-communist coup triggered a new era of exile for Quốc. He left Canton again in April 1927 and returned to Moscow, spending some of the summer of 1927 recuperating from tuberculosis in the Crimea, before returning to Paris once more in November. He then returned to Asia by way of Brussels, Berlin, Switzerland, and Italy, where he sailed to Bangkok, Thailand, arriving in July 1928. "Although we have been separated for almost a year, our feelings for each other do not have to be said in order to be felt", he reassured Minh in an intercepted letter.[19] In this period, he served as a senior agent undertaking Comintern activities in Southeast Asia.
Quốc remained in Thailand, staying in the Thai village of Nachok,[17] :44 and xiii until late 1929 when he moved on to India, then Shanghai. In early 1930, in Hong Kong, he chaired a meeting with representatives from two Vietnamese communist parties in order to merge them into a unified organization, Communist Party of Vietnam. In June 1931, he was arrested in Hong Kong. To reduce French pressure for extradition, it was (falsely) announced in 1932 that Quốc had died.[17]: 57–58 The British quietly released him in January 1933. He moved to the Soviet Union and in Moscow studied and taught at the Lenin Institute.[21] During those years he was also recovering from tuberculosis[citation needed]. It is said that in this period he lost his positions in the Comintern because of a concern that he had betrayed the organization. His influence among his Vietnamese comrades faded significantly.
In 1938, Quốc was allowed to return to China and served as an advisor to the Chinese Communist armed forces, which later forced China's government into exile on Taiwan.[7] Around 1940, Quốc began regularly using the name "Hồ Chí Minh",[7] a Vietnamese name combining a common Vietnamese surname (Hồ, 胡) with a given name meaning "He Who has been enlightened" (from Sino-Vietnamese 志 明: Chí meaning 'will' (or spirit) and Minh meaning "bright").[5]:248–49
Independence movement[edit]
In 1941, Ho returned to Vietnam to lead the Viet Minh independence movement. The Japanese occupation of Indochina that year, the first step toward invasion of the rest of Southeast Asia, created an opportunity for patriotic Vietnamese.[6] The "men in black" were a 10,000 member guerrilla force that operated with the Viet Minh.[22] He oversaw many successful military actions against the Vichy French and Japanese occupation of Vietnam during World War II, supported closely but clandestinely by the United States Office of Strategic Services, and later against the French bid to reoccupy the country (1946–54). He was jailed in China by Chiang Kai-shek's local authorities before being rescued by Chinese Communists.[17]:198 Following his release in 1943, he returned to Vietnam.




Ho Chi Minh (fifth from left, standing) with the OSS in 1945


In April 1945, Ho met with the OSS agent Archimedes Patti and offered to provide intelligence to the allies provided that he could have "a line of communication with the allies."[23] The OSS agreed to this and later sent a military team of OSS members to train Ho's men and Ho himself was treated for malaria and dysentery by an OSS doctor.[24]
Following the August Revolution (1945) organized by the Viet Minh, Ho became Chairman of the Provisional Government (Premier of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam) and issued a Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam.[25] Although he convinced Emperor Bảo Đại to abdicate, his government was not recognized by any country. He repeatedly petitioned American President Harry S. Truman for support for Vietnamese independence,[26] citing the Atlantic Charter, but Truman never responded.[27]
Several sources relate how,[28] during a power struggle in 1945, the Viet Minh killed members of rival groups, such as the leader of the Constitutional Party, Bui Quang Chieu, the head of the Party for Independence, and Ngo Dinh Diem's brother, Ngo Dinh Khoi.[29] Ho, when asked by a reporter about the murder of Ta Thu Thau, a leading Trotskyist and personal friend, answered matter-of-factly, "Anyone who does not follow the line determined by me will be smashed."[30][31]
In 1946, future Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion and Ho became acquainted when they stayed at the same hotel in Paris.[32][33] Ho offered Ben-Gurion a Jewish home-in-exile in Vietnam.[32][33] Ben-Gurion declined, telling Ho: "I am certain we shall be able to establish a Jewish Government in Palestine."[32][33]
In 1946, when Ho traveled outside of the country, his subordinates imprisoned 2,500 non-communist nationalists and forced 6,000 others to flee.[34] Hundreds of political opponents were jailed or exiled in July 1946, notably members of the National Party of Vietnam and the Dai Viet National Party, after a failed attempt to raise a coup against the Vietminh government.[35][36] All rival political parties were hereafter banned and local governments were purged[37] to minimize opposition later on. However, it was noted that the Democratic Republic of Vietnam's first Congress had over two-third of its members come from non-Viet Minh political factions, some without election. NPV party leader Nguyễn Hải Thần was named Vice President.[38] They also held four out of ten ministerial positions.[39]
Birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam[edit]
On 2 September 1945, following Emperor Bảo Đại's abdication, Ho read the Declaration of Independence of Vietnam,[40] under the name of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. In Saigon, with violence between rival Vietnamese factions and French forces increasing, the British commander, General Sir Douglas Gracey, declared martial law. On 24 September, the Viet Minh leaders responded with a call for a general strike.[41]
In September 1945, a force of 200,000 Republic of China Army troops arrived in Hanoi to accept the surrender of the Japanese occupiers in northern Indochina. Ho made a compromise with their general, Lu Han, to dissolve the Communist Party and to hold an election which would yield a coalition government. When Chiang forced the French to give the French concessions in Shanghai back to China in exchange for withdrawing from northern Indochina, Ho had no choice but to sign an agreement with France on 6 March 1946, in which Vietnam would be recognized as an autonomous state in the Indochinese Federation and the French Union. The agreement soon broke down. The purpose of the agreement, for both the French and Vietminh, was for Chiang's army to leave North Vietnam. Fighting broke out in the North soon after the Chinese left.
Historian Professor Liam Kelley of the University of Hawaii at Manoa on his Le Minh Khai's SEAsian History Blog challenged the authenticity of the alleged quote where Hồ Chí Minh said he would rather sniff French shit than eat Chinese shit, noting that Stanley Karnow provided no source for the extended quote attributed to Ho in his 1983 Vietnam: A History, and that the original quote was most likely forged by the Frenchman Paul Mus in his 1952 book Viêt-Nam: Sociologie d’une Guerre, Mus was a supporter of French colonialism in Vietnam and Ho knew that there was no danger of Chinese troops staying in Vietnam, and in fact the Vietnamese at the time were busy spreading anti-French propaganda as evidence of French atrocities in Vietnam emerged, while Ho showed no qualms about accepting Chinese aid after 1949.[42][43]




Hồ Chí Minh (right) with Võ Nguyên Giáp (left) in Hanoi, 1945


The Viet Minh then collaborated with French colonial forces to massacre supporters of the Vietnamese nationalist movements in 1945-6.[44] The Communists eventually suppressed all non-Communist parties but failed to secure a peace deal with France. In the final days of 1946, after a year of diplomatic failure and many concessions in agreements such as the Dalat and Fontainebleau conferences, the Democratic Republic of Vietnam government found that war was inevitable. The bombardment of Haiphong by French forces at Hanoi only strengthened the belief that France had no intention of allowing an autonomous, independent state in Vietnam. On 19 December 1946, Ho, representing his government, declared war against the French Union, marking the beginning of the Indochina War.[45] The Vietnam National Army, by then mostly armed with machetes and muskets immediately attacked, waging assault against French positions, smoking them out with straw bundled with chili pepper, destroying armored vehicles with "lunge mines" (a hollow-charge warhead on the end of a pole, detonated by thrusting the charge against the side of a tank; typically a suicide weapon[46]) and Molotov cocktails, holding off attackers by using roadblocks, landmines and gravel. After two months of fighting, the exhausted Viet Minh forces withdrew after systematically destroying any valuable infrastructure. Ho was reported to be captured by a group of French soldiers led by Jean-Étienne Valluy at Việt Bắc in Operation Lea. The person in question turned out to be a Viet Minh advisor, who was later killed trying to escape. According to journalist Bernard Fall, after fighting the French for several years, Ho decided to negotiate a truce. The French negotiators arrived at the meeting site: a mud hut with a thatched roof. Inside they found a long table with chairs and were surprised to discover in one corner of the room a silver ice bucket containing ice and a bottle of good Champagne which should have indicated that Ho expected the negotiations to succeed. One demand by the French was the return to French custody of a number of Japanese military officers (who had been helping the Vietnamese armed forces by training them in the use of weapons of Japanese origin), in order for them to stand trial for war crimes committed during World War II. Ho replied that the Japanese officers were allies and friends whom he could not betray. Then he walked out, to seven more years of war.[47]
In February 1950, after the successful removal of the French border's blockade,[48] Ho met with Stalin and Mao Zedong in Moscow after the Soviet Union recognized his government. They all agreed that China would be responsible for backing the Viet Minh.[49] Mao's emissary to Moscow stated in August that China planned to train 60,000–70,000 Viet Minh in the near future.[50] The road to the outside world was open for Viet Minh forces to receive additional supplies which would allow them to escalate the fight against the French regime throughout Indochina. In 1954, after the crushing defeat of French Union forces at Battle of Dien Bien Phu, France was forced to give up its fight against the Viet Minh. The Viet Minh murdered between 100,000 and 150,000 civilians during the war.[51]
Becoming president and Vietnam War[edit]




Effigies of "Charles DeGaulle and Hồ Chí Minh are hanged" by Students demonstration in Saigon, July 1964, observing the tenth anniversary of the July 1954 Geneva Agreements


The 1954 Geneva Accords concluded between France and the Viet Minh, allowing the latter's forces to regroup in the North whilst anti-communist groups settled in the South. Ho's Democratic Republic of Vietnam relocated to Hanoi and became the government of North Vietnam, a communist-led one-party state.
Following the Geneva Accords, there was to be a 300-day period in which people could freely move between the two regions of Vietnam, later known as South Vietnam and North Vietnam. More than 1 million North Vietnamese people fled to the South. A much smaller number moved North.[52] It is estimated that as many as two million more would have left had they not been stopped by the Viet Minh.[53]
All the parties at Geneva called for reunification elections, but could not agree on the details. Recently appointed Viet Minh acting foreign minister Pham Van Dong proposed elections under the supervision of "local commissions". The US, with the support of Britain and the Associated States of Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia, suggested UN supervision. This plan was rejected by Soviet representative Vyacheslav Molotov, who argued for a commission composed of an equal number of communist and non-communist members, which could determine "important" issues only by unanimous agreement.[54] The negotiators were unable to agree on a date for the elections for reunification. The DRV argued that the elections should be held within 6 months of the ceasefire, while the Western allies sought to have no deadline. Molotov proposed June 1955, then later softened this to any time in 1955 and finally July 1956.[55]:610 The Diem government supported reunification elections, but only with effective international supervision, arguing that genuinely free elections were impossible in the totalitarian North.[56] By the afternoon of 20 July the remaining outstanding issues were resolved as the parties agreed that the partition line should be at the 17th parallel and that the elections for reunification should be in July 1956, two years after the ceasefire.[55]:604 The "Agreement on the Cessation of Hostilities in Vietnam" was signed only by French and Viet Minh military commands, completely bypassing the State of Vietnam.[57] Based on a proposal by Chinese delegation head Zhou Enlai, an International Control Commission (ICC) chaired by India, with Canada and Poland as members, was placed in charge of supervising the ceasefire.[55]:603[58] Because issues were to be decided unanimously, Poland's presence in the ICC provided the communists effective veto power over supervision of the treaty.[59] The unsigned "Final Declaration of the Geneva Conference" called for reunification elections, which the majority of delegates expected to be supervised by the ICC. The Viet Minh never accepted ICC authority over such elections, stating that the ICC's "competence was to be limited to the supervision and control of the implementation of the Agreement on the Cessation of Hostilities by both parties."[60] Of the nine nations represented, only the United States and the State of Vietnam refused to accept the declaration. U.S. undersecretary of state Walter Bedell Smith delivered a "unilateral declaration" of the US position, reiterating: "We shall seek to achieve unity through free elections supervised by the United Nations to insure that they are conducted fairly."[61]




Ho Chi Minh with East German sailors in Stralsund harbour during his 1957 visit to East Germany






Ho Chi Minh with members of the East German Young Pioneers near Berlin, 1957


Between 1953 and 1956, the North Vietnamese government instituted various agrarian reforms, including "rent reduction" and "land reform", which resulted in significant political oppression. During the land reform, testimony from North Vietnamese witnesses suggested a ratio of one execution for every 160 village residents, which extrapolated nationwide would indicate nearly 100,000 executions. Because the campaign was concentrated mainly in the Red River Delta area, a lower estimate of 50,000 executions became widely accepted by scholars at the time.[62][63][64][65] However, declassified documents from the Vietnamese and Hungarian archives indicate that the number of executions was much lower than reported at the time, although likely greater than 13,500.[66]
At the end of 1959, Lê Duẩn was appointed by Ho to be the acting party leader, after becoming aware that the nationwide election would never happen and Diem's intention to purge out all opposing forces (mostly ex-Viet Minh). Ho began requesting the Politburo to send aid to the Viet Cong's uprising in South Vietnam. This was considered by Western analyzers as a loss of power by Ho, who is said to have preferred the more moderate Giap for the position.[67] North Vietnam invaded Laos in 1959 aided by the Pathet Lao, and used 30,000 men to build invasion and supply routes through Laos known as the Ho Chi Minh trail,[68] which allowed the North to send troops and aid to the Vietcong through Laos and Cambodia, thus escalating the war and tipping the balance, turning it to their favor.[69] Duan was officially named party leader in 1960, leaving Ho a public figure rather than actually governing the country. Ho maintained much influence in the government, Tố Hữu, Lê Duẩn, Trường Chinh, and Phạm Văn Đồng would often share dinner with him, and later all of them remained key figures of Vietnam throughout and after the war. In 1963, Ho purportedly corresponded with South Vietnamese President Diem in the hopes of achieving a negotiated peace.[17]:174
In late 1964, PAVN combat troops were sent southwest into officially neutral Laos and Cambodia.[70] According to Chen Jian, during the mid-to-late 1960s, Le Duan permitted 320,000 Chinese volunteers into North Vietnam to help build infrastructure for the country, thereby freeing a similar number of PAVN personnel to go south.[71] However, there are no sources from Vietnam, US or the USSR confirming the number of Chinese troops stationed in Northern Vietnam. By early 1965, U.S. combat troops began arriving in South Vietnam, first to protect the airbases around Chu Lai and Da Nang, later to take on most of the fight, as "More and more American troops were put in to replace Saigon troops who could not, or would not, get involved in the fighting".[72]




Hồ Chí Minh meeting a North Vietnamese circus troupe after their performance at the Presidential Palace, Hanoi, 1967.


As fighting escalated, widespread aerial and artillery bombardment all over North Vietnam by the U.S. Air Force and Navy begin with Operation Rolling Thunder. In July 1967, Ho and most of the Politburo of Workers Party of Vietnam met in a high-profile conference where they all concluded the war had fallen into a stalemate, since the United States Army presence forced the People's Army of Vietnam to expend the majority of their resources maintaining the Ho Chi Minh trail instead of reinforcing their comrade's ranks in the South. With Ho's permission, the Viet Cong planned to execute the Tet Offensive to begin on 31 January 1968, gambling on taking the South by force and defeating the U.S. military. The offensive came at great cost and with heavy casualties on NLF's political branches and armed forces. It appeared to Ho and to the rest of his government that the scope of the action had shocked the world, which had up until then been assured that the Communists were "on the ropes". The overly positive spin that the U.S. military had been attempting to achieve for years came crashing down. The bombing of Northern Vietnam and Ho Chi Minh trail was halted, and U.S and Vietnamese negotiators began to discuss how to end the war. From then on, Ho and his government's strategy, based on the idea of "avoiding conventional warfare and facing the might of the U.S. Army, which would wear them down eventually, while merely prolonging the conflict would lead to eventual acceptance of Hanoi's terms" materialized.
Personal life[edit]




Hồ Chí Minh watching a football game in his favourite fashion. His closest comrade – Prime Minister Phạm Văn Đồng is the person sitting next to him on the right corner.


Other than a politician, Ho was also a writer, journalist, poet and polyglot. His father was a scholar and teacher, who received a high degree in the Nguyễn dynasty Imperial examination; Ho was taught to master Classical Chinese at a young age. Before the August Revolution, he often wrote poetry in Chữ Hán (the Vietnamese name for the Chinese writing system). One of those is Poems from the Prison Diary made when he was imprisoned by the police of the Republic of China. This poetry chronicle is Vietnam National Treasure No. 10, and was translated to many languages. It is used in Vietnamese high schools.[73] After Vietnam gained independence from France, the new government promoted Chữ Quốc Ngữ (Vietnamese writing system in Latin characters) exclusivity to eliminate illiteracy. Ho started to create more poems in the modern Vietnamese language for dissemination to a wider range of readers. After he became President until the appearance of serious health problems, a short poem of his was regularly published in the newspaper Nhân Dân Tết (Lunar new year) edition to encourage his people in working, studying or fighting Americans in the new year.
Because of staying nearly 30 years in exile, Ho could speak fluently, as well as read and write professionally, in French, English, Russian, Cantonese and Mandarin in addition to his mother tongue Vietnamese.[74] In the 1920s, he was bureau chief / editor of many newspapers which he established to criticize French Colonial Government of Indochina and serving communism propaganda purposes. Examples are Le Paria (The Pariah) first published in Paris 1922 or Thanh Nien (Youth) first published on 21 June 1925 (21 June was named by The Socialist Republic of Vietnam Government as Vietnam Revolutionary Journalism Day). In many state official visits to Soviet Union and China, he often talked directly to their communist leaders without interpreters especially about top secret information. While being interviewed by Western journalists, he used French.[75] His Vietnamese had a strong accent from his birthplace in the central province of Nghệ An, but could be widely understood through the country.[note 1]




Stilt house of "Uncle Ho" in Hanoi


As president, Ho held formal receptions for foreign heads of state and ambassadors at the Presidential Palace, but he personally did not live there. He ordered the building of a stilt house at the back of the palace, which is today known as the Presidential Palace Historical Site. His hobbies (according to his secretary Vũ Kỳ) included reading, gardening, feeding fish (many of which are still living) and visiting schools and children's homes.[77]
Ho remained in Hanoi during his final years, demanding the unconditional withdrawal of all non-Vietnamese troops in South Vietnam. By 1969, with negotiations still dragging on, Ho's health began to deteriorate from multiple health problems, including diabetes which prevented him from participating in further active politics. However, he insisted that his forces in the south continue fighting until all of Vietnam was reunited under his regime regardless of the length of time that it might take, believing that time was on his side.[77]
Death[edit]




Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, Hanoi.


With the outcome of the Vietnam War still in question, Hồ Chí Minh died at 09:47 on the morning of 2 September 1969 from heart failure at his home in Hanoi, aged 79. His embalmed body is currently on display in a mausoleum in Ba Đình Square in Hanoi despite his will stating that he wanted to be cremated.[5]:565 News of his death was withheld from the North Vietnamese public for nearly 48 hours because he had died on the anniversary of the founding of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. He was not initially replaced as president, but a "collective leadership" composed of several ministers and military leaders took over, known as the Politburo.
During North Vietnam's final campaign, a famous song written by composer Huy Thuc was often sung by People's Army of Vietnam soldiers, "Bác vẫn cùng chúng cháu hành quân" ("You are still marching with us, Uncle Ho").[78] Six years after his death, at the Fall of Saigon, several PAVN tanks in Saigon displayed a poster with those same words on it.
Legacy and personality cult[edit]
See also: Nông Thị Xuân, Nông Đức Mạnh, Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, and Zeng Xueming




Hồ Chí Minh statue outside Hồ Chí Minh City Hall, Ho Chi Minh City






Temple devoted to Nguyễn Sinh Sắc, Hồ Chí Minh's father


The former capital of South Vietnam, Saigon, was officially renamed Ho Chi Minh City on 2 July 1976[79] by the new VCP-controlled National Assembly of Vietnam. However, the name provokes strong anti-communist feeling in a substantial number of Vietnamese. Many Vietnamese, especially those living abroad, continue to refer to the city as Sài Gòn, in rejection of the new communist-imposed name and in honor of the former capital of anti-communist Republic of Vietnam.[80]
Ho's embalmed body is on display in Hanoi in a granite mausoleum modeled after Lenin's Tomb in Moscow. Streams of people queue each day, sometimes for hours, to pass his body in silence. This is reminiscent of other Communist leaders like Vladimir Lenin, Mao Zedong, Kim il-sung, and Kim Jong-il.
The Ho Chi Minh Museum in Hanoi is dedicated to his life and work.




Hồ Chí Minh holding his god-daughter, baby Elizabeth (Babette) Aubrac, and Elizabeth's mother, Lucie Aubrac in 1946






Shrine devoted to Ho Chi Minh


In Vietnam today, Ho's image appears on the front of all Vietnamese currency notes. His portrait and bust are featured prominently in most of Vietnam's public buildings, in classrooms (both public and private schools) and in some families' altars. There is at least one temple dedicated to him, built in Vĩnh Long shortly after his death, in 1970, in Viet Cong-controlled areas.[81] His birthday (19 May) is celebrated as an official state holiday.[82]
General Secretary Nguyễn Phú Trọng had named his two adopted sons after the great leader, who are currently working for the government on a number of projects. Hồ Xuân Minh is living in the United States and working as a shop fitter, assisting the Government investment overseas,[83] while Hồ Xuân Nam is a songwriter and composer. He is a standing committee member, a senior member of resolution 36 drafted in 2004, which has the purpose of connecting Vietnamese expatriates with their motherland.[84] Xuan Nam has in the past performed for the Vietnamese community abroad hoping to unite them with their motherland[85]
The communist regime has also continually maintained a personality cult around Ho since the 1950s in the North, and later extended it to the South, which it sees as a crucial part in their propaganda campaign about Ho and the Party's past. Ho is frequently glorified in schools to schoolchildren. Opinions, publications and broadcasts that are critical of Ho or that identify his flaws are banned in Vietnam. Both Vietnamese and foreign activists, writers, reporters and commentators who criticize anything about Ho in the slightest are arrested and imprisoned or fined for "opposing the people's revolution". Ho is even glorified to a religious status as an "immortal saint" by the Vietnamese Communist Party, and some people worship the President, according to a BBC report.[80]
Publications about Ho's non-celibacy are banned in Vietnam, because the Party maintains that Ho had no romantic relationship with anyone in his lifetime in order to portray a puritanical image of Ho to the Vietnamese public, and advance the image of Ho as "the father of the [communist] revolution"[86] and of a "celibate married only to the cause of revolution".[87] William Duiker's Ho Chi Minh: A Life (2000) presents much information on Ho's relationships.[5]:605, fn 58 The government requested substantial cuts in the official Vietnamese translation of Duiker's book, which was refused.[88] In 2002, the Vietnamese government suppressed a review of Duiker's book in the Far Eastern Economic Review.[88]
There's also a personality cult surrounding Nguyễn Sinh Sắc, Ho's father.[citation needed]
International influence[edit]




Ho Chi Minh bust in Kolkata, India


Ho Chi Minh is considered one of the most influential leaders in the world. TIME magazine listed him in the list of 100 Most Important People of the Twentieth Century (Time 100) in 1998[89][90]. His thought and revolution inspired many leaders and people in Asia, Africa and Latin America during the decolonization movement on a global scale after World War II. As a communist, he was one of the international figures which was highly praised in the Communist world[91].
Various places, boulevards and squares named after him around the world, especially in socialist states and former communist states. In Russia, there is a Ho Chi Minh square and monument in Moscow, Ho Chi Minh boulevard in Saint Peterburg and Ho Chi Minh square in Ulyanovsk (the birthplace of Lenin, a sister city of Vinh, birthplace of Ho Chi Minh). According to the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as many as 20 countries across Asia, Europe, America and Africa have erected statues in remembrance of President Ho Chi Minh[92].
Busts, statues and memorial plaques and exhibitions are displayed in destinations on his extensive world journey in exile from 1911 to 1941 including France, Great Britain, Russia, China and Thailand [93].
Many activists and musicians wrote songs about Ho Chi Minh and his revolutionism during Vietnam War in different languages to demonstrate against the US. Spanish songs are composed by Félix Pita Rodríguez, Carlos Puebla and Alí Primera. In addition, Chilean folk singer Víctor Jara referenced Hồ Chí Minh in his anti-war song "El derecho de vivir en paz" ("The Right to Live in Peace"). In English, Ewan MacColl wrote "The Ballad of Ho Chi Minh" and Pete Seeger got "Teacher Uncle Ho". There are also songs about him in Russian by Vladimir Fere and in German by Kurt Demmler.
In 1987, UNESCO officially recommended to member states that they "join in the commemoration of the centenary of the birth of President Ho Chi Minh by organizing various events as a tribute to his memory", considering "the important and many-sided contribution of President Ho Chi Minh in the fields of culture, education and the arts" who "devoted his whole life to the national liberation of the Vietnamese people, contributing to the common struggle of peoples for peace, national independence, democracy and social progress."[94]

Notes[edit]


^ He sometimes went on-air to deliver important political messages and encourage soldiers.[76]


References[edit]


^ "Ho Chi Minh". Random House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary.
^ a b Trần Quốc Vượng. "Lời truyền miệng dân gian về Hồ Chí Minh". BBC Vietnamese. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b c Vũ Ngự Chiêu. "Vài vấn nạn lịch sử thế kỷ XX: Hồ Chí Minh—Nhà ngoại giao, 1945–1946". Hợp Lưu Magazine. Note: See the document in French, from Centre des archives d'Outre-mer [CAOM] (Aix)/Gouvernement General de l'Indochine [GGI]/Fonds Residence Superieure d'Annam [RSA]/carton R1, and the note in English at the end of the cited article. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b Nguyễn Vĩnh Châu. "Phỏng vấn sử gia Vũ Ngự Chiêu về những nghiên cứu lịch sử liên quan đến Hồ Chí Minh". Hợp Lưu Magazine. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k Duiker, William J. Ho Chi Minh: A Life. New York: Hyperion, 2000.
^ a b Hunt, Michael H. (2016). The World Transformed 1945 To the Present. New York, New York: Oxford University Press. p. 125. ISBN 978-0-19-937102-0. 
^ a b c d e f "Quinn-Judge", "Sophie" (2002). Hồ Chí Minh: The Missing Years. University of California Press. 
^ Winter, Marcus (1989). Uncle Ho: Father Of A Nation. Limehouse Press, London. 
^ "The Drayton Court Hotel". Ealing.gov.uk. Retrieved 30 January 2013. 
^ Forbes, Andrew; Henley, David (2012). Vietnam Past and Present: The North. Chiang Mai, Thailand: Cognoscenti Books. 
^ Harries, David. "Maritime Sussex". Sussex Express. Retrieved 12 June 2015. 
^ Phong, Huy; Anh, Yen (1989). "Unmasking Ho Chi Minh". "Viet Quoc". Retrieved 2015-06-11. 
^ For a thumbnail of a photograph in the Library of Congress collection showing Quốc at the Versailles Conference, see "Ho Chi Minh, 1890–1969, half length, standing, facing left; as member of French Socialist Party at Versailles Peace Conference, 1919", Library of Congress Prints and Photographs Online Catalog.
^ Huynh, Kim Kháhn, Vietnamese Communism, 1925–1945. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1982; pg. 60.
^ Tran Dan, Tien. "Ho Chi Minh, Life and Work". Communist Party of Vietnam Online Newspaper. Gioi Publishers. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ Brett Reilly review of "Embers of War: The Fall of an Empire and the Making of America's Vietnam" by Fredrik Logevall, Journal of Vietnamese Studies 11.1 (2016), 147.r
^ a b c d e Brocheux, Pierre; Duiker,, Claire, translator (2011). Ho Chi Minh : a biography (1. publ. ed.). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-1-107-62226-5. 
^ Obituary in The New York Times, 4 September 1969
^ a b c d e Brocheux, P. pp. 39–40
Duiker, p. 143.
^ a b Davidson, Phillip B., Vietnam at War: The History: 1946–1975 (1991), p. 4.
Hoàng Văn Chí. From Colonialism to Communism (1964), p. 18.
^ "Ho Chi Minh". u-s-history.com. 
^ "Ho Chi Minh Was Noted for Success in Blending Nationalism and Communism", The New York Times
^ Interview with Archimedes L. A. Patti, 1981, http://openvault.wgbh.org/catalog/vietnam-bf3262-interview-with-archimedes-l-a-patti-1981
^ Interview with OSS officer Carleton Swift, 1981, http://openvault.wgbh.org/catalog/vietnam-9dc948-interview-with-carleton-swift
^ Zinn, Howard (1995). A People's History of the United States: 1492–present. New York: Harper Perennial. p. 460. ISBN 0-06-092643-0. 
^ "Collection of Letters by Ho Chi Minh". Rationalrevolution.net. Retrieved 26 September 2009. 
^ Zinn, Howard (1995). A People's History of the United States. New York: Harper Perennial. p. 461. ISBN 0-06-092643-0. 
^ The Black Book of Communism
^ Joseph Buttinnger, Vietnam: A Dragon Embattled, vol 1 (New York: Praeger, 1967)
^ Ngo, Van (2 November 2010). In The Crossfire: Adventures of a Vietnamese Revolutionary. Oakland, CA: AK Press. p. 163. ISBN 978-1849350136. 
^ Lind, Michael (18 October 1999). Vietnam: The Necessary War. New York: Free Press. p. 141. ISBN 978-0684842547. 
^ a b c "Ben-gurion Reveals Suggestion of North Vietnam's Communist Leader". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 8 November 1966. Retrieved 5 September 2015. 
^ a b c "ISRAEL WAS EVERYTHING". Nytimes.com. 21 June 1987. Retrieved 5 September 2015. 
^ Currey, Cecil B. Victory At Any Cost (Washington: Brassey's, 1997), p. 126
^ "ER404 – Báo Công an nhân dân điện tử". cand.com.vn. 
^ Tucker, Spencer. Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: a political, social, and military history (vol. 2), 1998
^ Colvin, John. Giap: the Volcano under the Snow (New York: Soho Press, 1996), p. 51
^ Vietnamese Wikipedia profile of Nguyễn Hải Thần
^ vi:Chính phủ Liên hiệp Kháng chiến Việt Nam
^ "Vietnam Declaration of Independence". Coombs.anu.edu.au. 2 September 1945. Archived from the original on 6 October 2009. Retrieved 26 September 2009. 
^ Karnow, Stanley. Vietnam: a History.
^ https://leminhkhai.wordpress.com/2012/09/01/ho-chi-minh-said-what/ proof that he runs the blog
^ https://leminhkhai.wordpress.com/2013/04/25/chiang-kai-shek-and-vietnam-in-1945/
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Press. pp. 57–9, 67–9, 74.  and "Myths of the Vietnam War". Southeast Asian Perspectives. September 1972. pp. 14–8. ; also Dommen, Arthur J. (2001). The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans. Indiana University Press. pp. 153–4. 
^ vi:Lời kêu gọi toàn quốc kháng chiến
^ "Lone Sentry: New Weapons for Jap Tank Hunters (U.S. WWII Intelligence Bulletin, March 1945)". www.lonesentry.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Fall, Bernard. Last reflections on a War, p. 88. New York: Doubleday (1967).
^ vi:Chiến dịch Biên giới
^ Luo, Guibo. pp. 233–36
^ Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, "Chronology", p. 45.
^ Dommen, Arthur J. (2001), The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans, Indiana University Press, pg. 252.
^ United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "The State of The World's Refugees 2000 – Chapter 4: Flight from Indochina" (PDF). Retrieved 6 April 2007. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origin and Development. Hoover Institution Press. p. 75. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 89, 91, 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ a b c Logevall, Fredrik (2012). Embers of War: The fall of an Empire and the making of America's Vietnam. random House. ISBN 978-0-679-64519-1. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 107. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 90, 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 99. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 95, 99–100. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 143. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ cf. Gittinger, J. Price, "Communist Land Policy in Viet Nam", Far Eastern Survey, Vol. 29, No. 8, 1957, p. 118.
^ Courtois, Stephane; et al. (1997). The Black Book of Communism. Harvard University Press. p. 569. ISBN 978-0-674-07608-2. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Dommen, Arthur J. (2001), The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans, Indiana University Press, p. 340, gives a lower estimate of 32,000 executions.
^ "Newly released documents on the land reform". Vietnam Studies Group. Archived from the original on 20 April 2011. Retrieved 15 July 2016. Vu Tuong: There is no reason to expect, and no evidence that I have seen to demonstrate, that the actual executions were less than planned; in fact the executions perhaps exceeded the plan if we consider two following factors. First, this decree was issued in 1953 for the rent and interest reduction campaign that preceded the far more radical land redistribution and party rectification campaigns (or waves) that followed during 1954–1956. Second, the decree was meant to apply to free areas (under the control of the Viet Minh government), not to the areas under French control that would be liberated in 1954–1955 and that would experience a far more violent struggle. Thus the number of 13,500 executed people seems to be a low-end estimate of the real number. This is corroborated by Edwin Moise in his recent paper "Land Reform in North Vietnam, 1953–1956" presented at the 18th Annual Conference on SE Asian Studies, Center for SE Asian Studies, University of California, Berkeley (February 2001). In this paper Moise (7–9) modified his earlier estimate in his 1983 book (which was 5,000) and accepted an estimate close to 15,000 executions. Moise made the case based on Hungarian reports provided by Balazs, but the document I cited above offers more direct evidence for his revised estimate. This document also suggests that the total number should be adjusted up some more, taking into consideration the later radical phase of the campaign, the unauthorized killings at the local level, and the suicides following arrest and torture (the central government bore less direct responsibility for these cases, however). CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link) cf. Szalontai, Balazs (November 2005). "Political and Economic Crisis in North Vietnam, 1955–56". Cold War History. 5 (4): 395–426.  cf. Vu, Tuong (2010). Paths to Development in Asia: South Korea, Vietnam, China, and Indonesia. Cambridge University Press. p. 103. ISBN 9781139489010. Clearly Vietnamese socialism followed a moderate path relative to China. ... Yet the Vietnamese 'land reform' campaign ... testified that Vietnamese communists could be as radical and murderous as their comrades elsewhere. 
^ Cheng Guan Ang & Ann Cheng Guan, The Vietnam War from the Other Side, p. 21. (2002)
^ The Economist, 26 February 1983.
^ Lind, 1999
^ Davidson, Vietnam at War: the history, 1946–1975, 1988
^ Chen Jian. "China's Involvement in the Vietnam Conflict, 1964–69", China Quarterly, No. 142 (June 1995), pp. 366–69.
^ "Vietnam Veterans Against the War: History of the U.S. War in Vietnam". vvaw.org. 
^ Translated version:

French – Người tình nguyện vào ngục Bastille dịch "Nhật ký trong tù"
Czech – by cs:Ivo Vasiljev.
Korean – "Prison Diary" published in Korean by Ahn Kyong Hwan.
English – by Steve Bradbury, Tinfish Press

Older version – by Aileen Palmer


Spanish – [1] by Félix Pita Rodríguez
Romanian – by ro:Constantin Lupeanu
Russian – by Pavel Antokolsky


^ Duiker, William J. (2000). Ho Chi Minh: A Life. Hyperion. ISBN 978-0-7868-8701-9. 
^ [iMarx] Full translated – English subtitle-Interview President Ho Chi Minh – 1964. YouTube. 19 December 2011. 
^ Marr, David, Vietnam: State, War, and Revolution (1945–1946), 2013, University of California Press [2]
^ a b Phỏng vấn Vũ Kỳ – Thư ký của chủ tịch Hồ Chí Minh. YouTube. 10 August 2011. 
^ Vietnamese Wikipedia article on Huy Thuc
^ "Nghị quyết của Quốc hội nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam về việc chính thức đặt tên thành phố Sài Gòn – Gia Định là thành phố Hồ Chí Minh". wikisource.org. 
^ a b Marsh, Viv (6 June 2012). "Uncle Ho's legacy lives on in Vietnam". BBC News. Retrieved 2 December 2012. 
^ [3]
^ Trawicky, Bernard (30 April 2009). Anniversaries and Holidays. American Library Association. p. 84. ISBN 9780838910047. Retrieved 18 May 2017. 
^ (http://phapluatxahoi.vn/20120516074013759p1001c1015/tong-bi-thu-se-lam-truong-ban-chi-dao-phong-chong-tham-nhung.htm)
^ (http://www.universityworldnews.com/article.php?story=2013040414214828)
^ (http://www.radicalparty.org/it/node/5070797)
^ Dinh, Thuy. "The Writer's Life Stephen B. Young and Hoa Pham Young: Painting in Lacquer". The Zenith by Duong Thu Huong. Da Mau magazine. Retrieved 25 December 2013. 
^ Baker, Mark (15 August 2002). "Uncle Ho: a legend on the battlefield and in the boudoir". Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved 25 December 2013. 
^ a b "Great 'Uncle Ho' may have been a mere mortal". The Age. 15 August 2002. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ TIME Vol. 151 No. 14 (published 13 April 1998), visited 29 May 2017
^ Stanley Karnow, 13 April 1998, Ho Chi Minh, TIME
^ Interview with William Duiker on Hồ Chí Minh: A Life, 12 November 2000
^ Tuoi Tre News, Remembering Vietnam’s late President Ho Chi Minh in foreign countries, 27 January 2017
^ The places where President Ho Chi Minh lived and worked in Thailand, Vietnam Breaking News, 19 May 2017
^ "UNESCO. General Conference; 24th; Records of the General Conference, 24th session, Paris, 20 October to 20 November 1987, v. 1: Resolutions; 1988" (PDF). Retrieved 26 September 2009. 


Further reading[edit]
Essays

Bernard B. Fall, ed., 1967. Ho Chi Minh on Revolution and War, Selected Writings 1920–1966. New American Library.

Biography

William J. Duiker. 2000. Ho Chi Minh: A Life. Theia.
Jean Lacouture. 1968. Ho Chi Minh: A Political Biography. Random House.
Khắc Huyên. 1971. Vision Accomplished? The Enigma of Ho Chi Minh. The Macmillan Company.
David Halberstam. 1971. Ho. Rowman & Littlefield.
Hồ chí Minh toàn tập. NXB chính trị quốc gia
Sophie Quinn-Judge. 2003. Ho Chi Minh: The missing years. C. Hurst & Co. ISBN 1-85065-658-4
Tôn Thất Thiện, Was Ho Chi Minh a Nationalist? Ho Chi Minh and the Comintern Information and Resource Centre, Singapore, 1990

Việt Minh, NLF and the Democratic Republic of Vietnam

William J. Duiker. 1981. The Communist Road to Power in Vietnam. Westview Press.
Hoang Van Chi. 1964. From colonialism to communism. Praeger.
Trương Như Tảng. 1986. A Viet Cong Memoir. Vintage.

War in Vietnam

Frances FitzGerald. 1972. Fire in the Lake: The Vietnamese and the Americans in Vietnam. Little, Brown and Company.

American foreign policy

Henry A. Kissinger. 1979. White House Years. Little, Brown.
Richard Nixon. 1987. No More Vietnams. Arbor House Pub Co.

External links[edit]



Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Ho Chi Minh





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Ho Chi Minh





Wikimedia Commons has media related to:
Hồ Chí Minh (category)




Works by or about Ho Chi Minh at Internet Archive
The Drayton Court Hotel
Hồ Chí Minh obituary, The New York Times, 4 September 1969
TIME 100: Hồ Chí Minh
Ho Chi Minh selected writings
Hồ Chí Minh's biography
Satellite photo of the mausoleum on Google Maps
Final Tribute to Hồ from the Central Committee of the Vietnam Workers' Party
Bibliography: Writings by and about Hồ Chí Minh



Political offices


Preceded by
Bảo Đại
as Emperor
President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
2 September 1945 – 2 September 1969
Succeeded by
Tôn Đức Thắng


Preceded by
Trần Trọng Kim
as Prime Minister of the Empire of Vietnam
Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
2 September 1945 – 20 September 1955
Succeeded by
Phạm Văn Đồng


Party political offices


Preceded by
New title
Chairman of the Workers' Party of Vietnam
1951–1969
Succeeded by
None


Preceded by
Trường Chinh
First Secretary of the Workers' Party of Vietnam
1956–1960
Succeeded by
Lê Duẩn








v
t
e


Vietnamese independence movement



Events



Bombardment of Tourane
Siege of Saigon
Capture of the Citadel of Saigon
Conquest of Cochinchina
Ba Dinh uprising / Cần Vương
Pacification of Tonkin
Hanoi Poison Plot
World War I
1916 Cochinchina uprising
Thái Nguyên uprising
Bazin assassination
Yên Bái mutiny
Nghệ-Tĩnh Soviets
World War II
1940 Cochinchina uprising
Japanese coup d'état in French Indochina
August Revolution
Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
First Indochina War
Battle of Dien Bien Phu
Geneva Conference












Organisations



Cần Vương
Đông Du
Duy Tân hội
Empire of Vietnam
Nguyễn dynasty
Tonkin Free School
Việt Nam Quang Phục Hội
Vietnamese Revolutionary Youth League
Việt Nam Quốc Dân Đảng
Viet Minh
Communist Party of Vietnam





Revolutionaries



Cường Để
Đinh Công Tráng
Ho Chi Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng
Lương Văn Can
Ngô Đức Kế
Nguyễn An Ninh
Nguyễn Đình Chiểu
Nguyễn Quang Bích
Nguyễn Quyền
Nguyễn Thái Học
Nguyễn Thần Hiến
Nguyễn Thành
Nguyễn Thiện Thuật
Nguyễn Thượng Hiền
Nguyễn Trung Trực
Nguyen Xuan On
Phạm Bành
Phan Bội Châu
Phan Chu Trinh
Phan Đình Phùng
Phan Thanh Giản
Phan Xích Long
Tạ Thu Thâu
Tôn Thất Thuyết
Trần Cao Vân
Trương Định
Vũ Hồng Khanh





Emperors



Tự Đức
Hàm Nghi
Thành Thái
Duy Tân
Bảo Đại





French rulers



Albert Sarraut
Jean Decoux
French Indochina

Governor-General







Collaborators



Hoàng Cao Khải
Trần Bá Lộc












v
t
e


 Heads of state of Vietnam since 1945



Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945–76)





Hồ Chí Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng1
Tôn Đức Thắng





State of Vietnam (1949–55)




Bảo Đại
Ngô Đình Diệm1





Republic of Vietnam (1955–75)




Ngô Đình Diệm
Dương Văn Minh2
Nguyễn Khánh2
Provisional Leadership Committee3
Dương Văn Minh2
Phan Khắc Sửu2
Nguyễn Văn Thiệu2
Trần Văn Hương
Dương Văn Minh





Republic of South Vietnam (1969–76)




Nguyễn Hữu Thọ





Socialist Republic of Vietnam (1976–present)




Tôn Đức Thắng
Nguyễn Hữu Thọ1
Trường Chinh
Võ Chí Công
Lê Đức Anh
Trần Đức Lương
Nguyễn Minh Triết
Trương Tấn Sang
Trần Đại Quang








1acting
2military
3collective leadership












v
t
e


Heads of government of Vietnam since 1945



Empire of Vietnam (1945)



Trần Trọng Kim





Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945–76)




Hồ Chí Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng1
Phạm Văn Đồng





Autonomous Republic of Cochinchina (1946–49)



Nguyễn Văn Thinh
Lê Văn Hoạch
Nguyễn Văn Xuân





State of Vietnam (1949–55)



Bảo Đại
Nguyễn Phan Long
Trần Văn Hữu
Nguyễn Văn Tâm
Nguyễn Phúc Bửu Lộc
Ngô Đình Diệm





Republic of Vietnam (1955–75)



Nguyễn Ngọc Thơ
Nguyễn Khánh2
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh1
Nguyễn Khánh2
Trần Văn Hương
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh1
Phan Huy Quát
Nguyễn Cao Kỳ2
Nguyễn Văn Lộc
Trần Văn Hương
Trần Thiện Khiêm
Nguyễn Bá Cẩn
Vũ Văn Mẫu





Republic of South Vietnam (1969–76)




Huỳnh Tấn Phát





Socialist Republic of Vietnam (1976–present)




Phạm Văn Đồng
Phạm Hùng
Võ Văn Kiệt1
Đỗ Mười
Võ Văn Kiệt
Phan Văn Khải
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng
Nguyễn Xuân Phúc








1acting
2head of a military government












v
t
e


Heads of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam



Chairman (1951–69)



Hồ Chí Minh








General Secretaries (1930-present)



Trịnh Đình Cửu1
Trần Phú
Lê Hồng Phong
Hà Huy Tập
Nguyễn Văn Cừ
Trường Chinh
Hồ Chí Minh1
Lê Duẩn
Trường Chinh
Nguyễn Văn Linh
Đỗ Mười
Lê Khả Phiêu
Nông Đức Mạnh
Nguyễn Phú Trọng








1provisional












v
t
e


Cold War






USA
USSR
ANZUS
NATO
Non-Aligned Movement
SEATO
Warsaw Pact





1940s



Hukbalahap Rebellion
Dekemvriana
Yalta Conference
Guerrilla war in the Baltic states

Forest Brothers
Operation Priboi
Operation Jungle
Occupation of the Baltic states


Cursed soldiers
Operation Unthinkable
Potsdam Conference
Gouzenko Affair
Operation Masterdom
Operation Beleaguer
Operation Blacklist Forty
Iran crisis of 1946
Greek Civil War
Corfu Channel incident
Turkish Straits crisis
Restatement of Policy on Germany
First Indochina War
Truman Doctrine
Asian Relations Conference
Marshall Plan
1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état
Tito–Stalin Split
Berlin Blockade
Western betrayal
Iron Curtain
Eastern Bloc
Western Bloc
Chinese Civil War (Second round)
Malayan Emergency
Albanian Subversion





1950s



Bamboo Curtain
Korean War
1953 Iranian coup d'état
Uprising of 1953 in East Germany
1954 Guatemalan coup d'état
Partition of Vietnam
First Taiwan Strait Crisis
Geneva Summit (1955)
Poznań 1956 protests
Hungarian Revolution of 1956
Suez Crisis
Syrian Crisis of 1957
Sputnik crisis
Second Taiwan Strait Crisis
Cuban Revolution
Kitchen Debate
Bandung Conference
Bricker Amendment
McCarthyism
Operation Gladio
Iraqi July Revolution
"We will bury you"





1960s



Congo Crisis
Sino-Soviet split
1960 U-2 incident
Bay of Pigs Invasion
1960 Turkish coup d'état
Soviet–Albanian split
Berlin Wall
Portuguese Colonial War

Angolan War of Independence
Guinea-Bissau War of Independence
Mozambican War of Independence


Cuban Missile Crisis
Sino-Indian War
Communist insurgency in Sarawak
Iraqi Ramadan Revolution
1963 Syrian coup d'état
Vietnam War
1964 Brazilian coup d'état
United States occupation of the Dominican Republic (1965–66)
South African Border War
Transition to the New Order
Domino theory
ASEAN Declaration
Laotian Civil War
1966 Syrian coup d'état
Argentine Revolution
Korean DMZ Conflict
Greek military junta of 1967–74
USS Pueblo incident
Six-Day War
War of Attrition
Dhofar Rebellion
Protests of 1968
French May
Cultural Revolution
Prague Spring
Communist insurgency in Malaysia
Invasion of Czechoslovakia
Iraqi Ba'athist Revolution
Goulash Communism
Sino-Soviet border conflict
CPP–NPA–NDF rebellion
Corrective Move





1970s



Détente
Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty
Black September in Jordan
Corrective Movement (Syria)
Cambodian Civil War
Realpolitik
Ping-pong diplomacy
1971 Turkish military memorandum
Corrective Revolution (Egypt)
Four Power Agreement on Berlin
Bangladesh Liberation War
1972 Nixon visit to China
North Yemen-South Yemen Border Conflict
1973 Chilean coup d'état
Yom Kippur War
Carnation Revolution
Strategic Arms Limitation Talks
Rhodesian Bush War
Angolan Civil War
Mozambican Civil War
Ogaden War
Ethiopian Civil War
Lebanese Civil War
Sino-Albanian split
Cambodian–Vietnamese War
Sino-Vietnamese War
Iranian Revolution
Operation Condor
Dirty War
Korean Air Lines Flight 902
Saur Revolution
New Jewel Movement
1979 Herat uprising
Seven Days to the River Rhine
Struggle against political abuse of psychiatry in the Soviet Union





1980s



Soviet–Afghan War
1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics boycotts
1980 Turkish coup d'état
Invasion of Grenada
1986 Black Sea incident
1988 Black Sea bumping incident
Solidarity

Soviet reaction


Contras
Central American crisis
RYAN
Korean Air Lines Flight 007
Able Archer 83
Star Wars
People Power Revolution
Nagorno-Karabakh War
Tiananmen Square protests of 1989
Fall of the Berlin Wall
Revolutions of 1989
Glasnost
Perestroika





1990s



Mongolian Revolution of 1990
German reunification
Yemeni unification
Fall of communism in Albania
Breakup of Yugoslavia
Dissolution of the Soviet Union
Dissolution of Czechoslovakia





Frozen conflicts



Abkhazia
China
Korea
Nagorno-Karabakh
South Ossetia
Transnistria
Sino-Indian border dispute
North Borneo dispute





Foreign policy



Truman Doctrine
Containment
Eisenhower Doctrine
Domino theory
Hallstein Doctrine
Kennedy Doctrine
Peaceful coexistence
Ostpolitik
Johnson Doctrine
Brezhnev Doctrine
Nixon Doctrine
Ulbricht Doctrine
Carter Doctrine
Reagan Doctrine
Rollback
Sovereignty of Puerto Rico during the Cold War





Ideologies



Capitalism

Chicago school
Keynesianism
Monetarism
Neoclassical economics
Reaganomics
Supply-side economics
Thatcherism
CIA and the Cultural Cold War




Communism

Marxism–Leninism
Castroism
Eurocommunism
Guevarism
Hoxhaism
Juche
Maoism
Naxalism
Stalinism
Titoism




Liberal democracy
Social democracy
White supremacy





Organizations



ASEAN
CIA
Comecon
EEC
KGB
Non-Aligned Movement
SAARC
Safari Club
MI6
Stasi





Propaganda



Active measures
Izvestia
Pravda
Crusade for Freedom
Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty
Red Scare
TASS
Voice of America
Voice of Russia





Races



Arms race
Nuclear arms race
Space Race





See also



Brinkmanship
NATO–Russia relations
Soviet espionage in the United States
Russian espionage in the United States
American espionage in the Soviet Union
Soviet Union–United States relations
US–Soviet summits
Cold War II








Category
Portal
Timeline
List of conflicts








Communism portal
Socialism portal
Politics portal
Literature portal
Cold War portal
Asia portal
Vietnam portal
Biography portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 39391273
LCCN: n80126088
GND: 11855168X
SUDOC: 028429591
BNF: cb120266704 (data)
NDL: 00443451










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ho_Chi_Minh&oldid=791849487"					
Categories: Ho Chi Minh1890 births1969 deathsAnti-RevisionistsBandung Conference attendeesCommunist Party of Vietnam politiciansCommunist rulersGeneral Secretaries of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of VietnamMembers of the Politburo of the Communist Party of VietnamNorth VietnamPeople from Nghe An ProvincePeople of the First Indochina WarPresidents of VietnamPrime Ministers of VietnamRecipients of the Order of LeninViet Minh membersVietnamese communistsVietnamese expatriates in ChinaVietnamese expatriates in FranceVietnamese expatriates in Hong KongVietnamese expatriates in the Soviet UnionVietnamese nationalistsVietnamese people of the Vietnam War20th-century Vietnamese poetsWorld War II resistance membersGovernment ministers of VietnamForeign ministersVietnamese male poetsHidden categories: CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse dmy dates from March 2013Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueArticles containing Vietnamese-language textArticles with hAudio microformatsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego贛語گیلکیગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLadinoلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаसंस्कृतम्ScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言Winaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ho Chi Minh - Wikipedia






















 






Ho Chi Minh

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Ho Chi Minh (disambiguation).


Ho Chi Minh


Hồ Chí Minh



Portrait c. 1946






Chairman of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Vietnam


In office
19 February 1951 – 2 September 1969


Preceded by
Position created


Succeeded by
Position abolished


First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Vietnam


In office
1 November 1956 – 10 September 1960


Preceded by
Trường Chinh


Succeeded by
Lê Duẩn


1st President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


In office
2 September 1945 – 2 September 1969


Preceded by
Position established
Bảo Đại (as Emperor)


Succeeded by
Tôn Đức Thắng


1st Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


In office
2 September 1945 – 20 September 1955


Preceded by
Position established
Trần Trọng Kim (as Prime Minister of the Empire of Vietnam)


Succeeded by
Phạm Văn Đồng


Minister of Foreign Affairs


In office
28 August 1945 – 2 March 1946


Preceded by
Position established


Succeeded by
Nguyễn Tường Tam


In office
3 November 1946 – March 1947


Preceded by
Nguyễn Tường Tam


Succeeded by
Hoàng Minh Giám


Member of the Politburo


In office
31 March 1935 – 2 September 1969





Personal details


Born
Nguyễn Sinh Cung
(1890-05-19)19 May 1890
Kim Liên, Nghệ An Province, French Indochina


Died
2 September 1969(1969-09-02) (aged 79)
Hanoi, North Vietnam


Nationality



Vietnamese
French





Political party
French Section of the Workers' International
(1919–1921)
French Communist Party
(1921–1925)
Communist Party of Vietnam
(1925–1969)


Spouse(s)
none (disputed)


Relations
Bạch Liên (or Nguyễn Thị Thanh) (Sister)
Nguyễn Sinh Khiêm (or Nguyễn Tất Đạt) (brother)
(Nguyễn Sinh Nhuận) (brother)


Parents
Nguyễn Sinh Sắc (father)
Hoàng Thị Loan (mother)


Alma mater
Communist University of the Toilers of the East


Profession
Politician


Signature





Vietnamese name


Vietnamese
Hồ Chí Minh


Hán-Nôm
胡志明




Vietnamese birth name


Vietnamese
Nguyễn Sinh Cung


Hán-Nôm
阮生恭


Hồ Chí Minh (/ˈhoʊ ˈtʃiː ˈmɪn/;[1] Vietnamese: [hò tɕǐ mīɲ] ( listen), Saigon: [hò tɕǐ mɨ̄n] ( listen); Chữ nôm: 胡志明; 19 May 1890 – 2 September 1969), born Nguyễn Sinh Cung,[2][3][4] also known as Nguyễn Tất Thành and Nguyễn Ái Quốc, was a Vietnamese Communist revolutionary leader who was Chairman and First secretary of the Workers' Party of Vietnam. Hồ was also prime minister (1945–55) and president (1945–69) of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (North Vietnam). He was a key figure in the foundation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945, as well as the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and the Việt Cộng (NLF or VC) during the Vietnam War.
He led the Việt Minh independence movement from 1941 onward, establishing the Communist-ruled Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945 and defeating the French Union in 1954 at the battle of Điện Biên Phủ. He officially stepped down from power in 1965 due to health problems, but remained a highly respected inspiration for those Vietnamese fighting for his cause—a united, communist Vietnam—until his death. After the war, Saigon, the former capital of the Republic of Vietnam, was renamed Hồ Chí Minh City.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 First sojourn in France
1.2 In the United States
1.3 In the United Kingdom


2 Political education in France
3 In the Soviet Union and China
4 Independence movement

4.1 Birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


5 Becoming president and Vietnam War
6 Personal life
7 Death
8 Legacy and personality cult
9 International influence
10 Notes
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early life[edit]
Ho Chi Minh was born Nguyễn Sinh Cung (as appeared in a letter from the director of Collège Quốc học, dated 7 August 1908),[2][3][4] in 1890 in the village of Hoàng Trù (the name of the local temple near Làng Sen), his mother's village. From 1895, he grew up in his father Nguyễn Sinh Sắc (Nguyễn Sinh Huy)'s village of Làng Sen, Kim Liên, Nam Đàn, Nghệ An Province. He had three siblings: his sister Bạch Liên (or Nguyễn Thị Thanh), a clerk in the French Army; his brother Nguyễn Sinh Khiêm (or Nguyễn Tất Đạt), a geomancer and traditional herbalist; and another brother (Nguyễn Sinh Nhuận) who died in his infancy. As a young child, Cung studied with his father before more formal classes with a scholar named Vuong Thuc Do. Cung quickly mastered Chinese writing, a prerequisite for any serious study of Confucianism, while honing his colloquial Vietnamese writing.[5]:21 In addition to his studious endeavors, he was fond of adventure, and loved to fly kites and go fishing.[5]:21 Following Confucian tradition, at the age of 10, his father gave him a new name: Nguyễn Tất Thành ("Nguyễn the Accomplished").
Thành's father was a Confucian scholar and teacher, and later an imperial magistrate in the small remote district of Binh Khe (Qui Nhơn). He was demoted for abuse of power after an influential local figure died several days after having received 102 strokes of the cane as punishment for an infraction.[5]:21Thành's father was eligible to serve in the imperial bureaucracy but refused because it meant serving the French.[6] This exposed Thành to rebellion at a young age and seemed to be the norm for the province where Thành came of age. The province was known for its resistance to foreign rule. In deference to his father, Thành received a French education, attended lycée in Huế, the alma mater of his later disciples, Phạm Văn Đồng and Võ Nguyên Giáp and his later enemy, Ngô Đình Diệm.
First sojourn in France[edit]
Previously, it was believed that Thành was involved in an anti-slavery (anti-corvée) demonstration of poor peasants in Huế in May 1908, which endangered his student status at Collège Quốc học. However, a document from the Centre des archives d'Outre-mer in France shows that he was admitted to Collège Quốc học on 8 August 1908, which was several months after the anti-corvée demonstration (9–13 April 1908).[3] The exaggeration of revolutionary credentials was common among Vietnamese communist leaders, as shown in Tôn Đức Thắng's falsified participation in the 1919 Black Sea revolt. Later in life, Hồ would claim the 1908 revolt had been the moment when his revolutionary outlook emerged, but his application to the French Colonial Administrative School in 1911 undermines this version of events. He chose to leave school in order to find a chance to go abroad. Because his father had been dismissed, he no longer had any hope for a governmental scholarship and went southward, taking a position at Dục Thanh school in Phan Thiết for about six months, then traveled to Saigon.
Thành worked as a kitchen helper on a French steamer, the Amirale de Latouche-Tréville, while using the alias "Văn Ba". The steamer departed on 5 June 1911 and arrived in Marseille, France on 5 July 1911. The ship then left for Le Havre and Dunkirk, returning to Marseille in mid-September. There he applied for the French Colonial Administrative School but his application was rejected. Instead, he decided to begin traveling the world by working on ships and visited many countries from 1911 to 1917.
In the United States[edit]
In 1912, while working as the cook's helper on a ship, Thành traveled to the United States. From 1912–13, he may have lived in New York City (Harlem) and Boston, where he claimed to have worked as a baker at the Parker House Hotel. The only evidence that Thành was in the United States is a letter to French colonial administrators dated 15 December 1912 and postmarked New York City (but he gave as his address Poste Restante in Le Havre and stated that he was a sailor) [7]:20 and a postcard to Phan Chu Trinh in Paris where he mentioned working at the Parker House Hotel. Inquiries to the Parker House management revealed no records of his ever having worked there.[5]:51 Among a series of menial jobs, he claimed to have worked for a wealthy family in Brooklyn between 1917–18, and for General Motors as a line manager.[8]:46 It is believed that while in the United States, he made contact with Korean nationalists, an experience that developed his political outlook, but Sophie Quinn-Judge admits that this is "in the realm of conjecture".[7]:20
In the United Kingdom[edit]
At various points between 1913 and 1919, Thành claimed to have lived in West Ealing, and later in Crouch End, Hornsey. He reportedly worked as either a chef or dish washer (reports vary) at the Drayton Court Hotel in West Ealing.[9] It is claimed that he trained as a pastry chef under Auguste Escoffier at the Carlton Hotel in the Haymarket, Westminster, but there is no evidence to support this.[7]:25 [10] However, the wall of New Zealand House, home of the New Zealand High Commission, which now stands on the site of the Carlton Hotel, displays a blue plaque, stating that Hồ Chí Minh worked there in 1913. Thành was also employed as a pastry boy on the Newhaven–Dieppe ferry route in 1913.[11]
Political education in France[edit]




Ho Chi Minh, 1921


From 1919 to 1923, while living in France, Thành began to show an interest in politics, being influenced by his friend and Socialist Party of France comrade Marcel Cachin. Thành claimed to have arrived in Paris from London in 1917, but the French police only had documents recording his arrival in June 1919.[7] He joined a group of Vietnamese nationalists in Paris whose leaders were Phan Chu Trinh, Phan Văn Trường, and Nguyễn Thế Truyền. They had been publishing newspaper articles advocating for Vietnamese independence under the pseudonym Nguyễn Ái Quốc ("Nguyễn the Patriot") prior to the arrival of Nguyễn Tất Thành in Paris in 1919.[12]
Following World War I, the group petitioned for recognition of the civil rights of the Vietnamese people in French Indochina to the Western powers at the Versailles peace talks, but was ignored.[13] Citing the principle of self-determination outlined prior to the peace accords, they requested the allied powers to end French colonial rule of Vietnam and ensure the formation of an independent government. Prior to the conference, the group sent their letter to allied leaders, including Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau and U.S. President Woodrow Wilson. They were unable to obtain consideration at Versailles, but the episode would later help establish Nguyễn Ái Quốc as a symbol of the anti-colonial movement at home in Vietnam.[14] Since Nguyễn Tất Thành was the public face behind the publication of the document (although it was written by Phan Văn Trường),[15] he soon became known as Nguyễn Ái Quốc and first used the name in September during an interview with a Chinese newspaper correspondent.[5]




A plaque in Compoint Lane, District 17, Paris indicates where Ho Chi Minh lived from 1921-1923


Many authors have speculated that 1919 was a lost "Wilsonian moment" when the future Hồ Chí Minh could have adopted a pro-American and less radical position if only President Wilson had received him. However, the available evidence shows that at the time of the Versailles Conference he was committed to a Socialist program. While the conference was ongoing, Nguyễn Ái Quốc was already delivering speeches on the prospects of Bolshevism in Asia and was attempting to persuade French Socialists to join Vladimir Lenin's Third Communist International.[16]
In December 1920, Quốc officially became a representative to the Congress of Tours of the Socialist Party of France, voted for the Third International and was a founding member of the Parti Communiste Français (FCP). Taking a position in the Colonial Committee of the PCF, he tried to draw his comrades' attention towards people in French colonies including Indochina, but his efforts were often unsuccessful. During this period he began to write journal articles and short stories as well as running his Vietnamese nationalist group. In May 1922, Quốc wrote an article for a French magazine criticizing the use of English words by French sportswriters.[17]:21 The article implored Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré to outlaw such Franglais as le manager, le round and le knock-out. While living in Paris, he reportedly had a relationship with a dressmaker named Marie Brière.
In the Soviet Union and China[edit]


Part of a series on


Marxism–Leninism







Concepts


Anti-imperialism
Anti-revisionism
Commanding heights of the economy
Communist society
Communist state
Democratic centralism
Economic planning
Marxist–Leninist atheism
One-party state
People's democracy
Popular front
Proletarian internationalism
Socialist patriotism
Socialist state
Theory of the productive forces
Third Period
Vanguardism








Variants


Guevarism
Ho Chi Minh Thought
Hoxhaism
Husakism
Kadarism
Khrushchevism
Maoism
Marxism–Leninism–Maoism
Prachanda Path
Titoism
Stalinism








People


Joseph Stalin
Ernst Thälmann
Earl Browder
Gonchigiin Bumtsend
Mao Zedong
Abimael Guzmán
José Díaz
Josip Broz Tito
Enver Hoxha
Palmiro Togliatti
Nikita Khrushchev
Fidel Castro
Che Guevara
Ho Chi Minh
Deng Xiaoping
Mathieu Kérékou
Agostinho Neto
Samora Machel
Thomas Sankara
Alfonso Cano








Literature


Wage Labour and Capital
Materialism and Empirio-criticism
Imperialism  (Lenin)
What Is to Be Done?
The State and Revolution

Dialectical and
Historical Materialism

Guerrilla Warfare

Fundamentals of
Marxism–Leninism









History


October Revolution
Soviet Union
Comintern
Hungarian Soviet Republic
Spanish Civil War
World War II
Warsaw Pact
Greek Civil War
Chinese Revolution
Korean War
Cuban Revolution
De-Stalinization
Non-Aligned Movement
Sino-Soviet split
Vietnam War
Portuguese Colonial War
Black Power movement
Nicaraguan Revolution
Nepalese Civil War
Naxalite insurgency
Internal conflict in Peru








Related topics


Bolshevism
Marxism
Leninism
Trotskyism








Communism portal
Socialism portal
Politics portal







v
t
e





In 1923, Quốc left Paris for Moscow carrying a passport with the name Chen Vang, a Chinese merchant,[5]:86 where he was employed by the Comintern, studied at the Communist University of the Toilers of the East,[5]:92[18] and participated in the Fifth Comintern Congress in June 1924, before arriving in Canton (present-day Guangzhou), China, in November 1924 using the name Ly Thuy.

External video

 Booknotes interview with William Duiker on Hồ Chí Minh: A Life, 12 November 2000, C-SPAN


In 1925–26, Quốc organized "Youth Education Classes" and occasionally gave socialist lectures to Vietnamese revolutionary young people living in Canton at the Whampoa Military Academy. These young people would become the seeds of a new revolutionary, pro-communist movement in Vietnam several years later. According to William Duiker, he lived with and married a Chinese woman, Zeng Xueming (Tăng Tuyết Minh), on 18 October 1926.[19] When his comrades objected to the match, he told them: "I will get married despite your disapproval because I need a woman to teach me the language and keep house."[19] She was 21 and he was 36.[19] They married in the same place where Zhou Enlai had married earlier, and then lived in the residence of a Comintern agent, Mikhail Borodin.[19]
Hoàng Văn Chí argued that in June 1925, Hồ betrayed Phan Bội Châu, the famous leader of a rival revolutionary faction and his father's old friend, to French Secret Service agents in Shanghai for 100,000 piastres.[20] A source states that Hồ later claimed he did it because he expected Châu's trial to stir up anti-French sentiment, and because he needed the money to establish a communist organization.[20] In Ho Chi Minh: A Life, William Duiker considered but rejected this hypothesis.[5]:126–128 Other sources claim that Nguyễn Thượng Hiền was responsible for Chau's capture. Chau, sentenced to lifetime house arrest, never denounced Quốc.
Chiang Kai-shek's 1927 anti-communist coup triggered a new era of exile for Quốc. He left Canton again in April 1927 and returned to Moscow, spending some of the summer of 1927 recuperating from tuberculosis in the Crimea, before returning to Paris once more in November. He then returned to Asia by way of Brussels, Berlin, Switzerland, and Italy, where he sailed to Bangkok, Thailand, arriving in July 1928. "Although we have been separated for almost a year, our feelings for each other do not have to be said in order to be felt", he reassured Minh in an intercepted letter.[19] In this period, he served as a senior agent undertaking Comintern activities in Southeast Asia.
Quốc remained in Thailand, staying in the Thai village of Nachok,[17] :44 and xiii until late 1929 when he moved on to India, then Shanghai. In early 1930, in Hong Kong, he chaired a meeting with representatives from two Vietnamese communist parties in order to merge them into a unified organization, Communist Party of Vietnam. In June 1931, he was arrested in Hong Kong. To reduce French pressure for extradition, it was (falsely) announced in 1932 that Quốc had died.[17]: 57–58 The British quietly released him in January 1933. He moved to the Soviet Union and in Moscow studied and taught at the Lenin Institute.[21] During those years he was also recovering from tuberculosis[citation needed]. It is said that in this period he lost his positions in the Comintern because of a concern that he had betrayed the organization. His influence among his Vietnamese comrades faded significantly.
In 1938, Quốc was allowed to return to China and served as an advisor to the Chinese Communist armed forces, which later forced China's government into exile on Taiwan.[7] Around 1940, Quốc began regularly using the name "Hồ Chí Minh",[7] a Vietnamese name combining a common Vietnamese surname (Hồ, 胡) with a given name meaning "He Who has been enlightened" (from Sino-Vietnamese 志 明: Chí meaning 'will' (or spirit) and Minh meaning "bright").[5]:248–49
Independence movement[edit]
In 1941, Ho returned to Vietnam to lead the Viet Minh independence movement. The Japanese occupation of Indochina that year, the first step toward invasion of the rest of Southeast Asia, created an opportunity for patriotic Vietnamese.[6] The "men in black" were a 10,000 member guerrilla force that operated with the Viet Minh.[22] He oversaw many successful military actions against the Vichy French and Japanese occupation of Vietnam during World War II, supported closely but clandestinely by the United States Office of Strategic Services, and later against the French bid to reoccupy the country (1946–54). He was jailed in China by Chiang Kai-shek's local authorities before being rescued by Chinese Communists.[17]:198 Following his release in 1943, he returned to Vietnam.




Ho Chi Minh (fifth from left, standing) with the OSS in 1945


In April 1945, Ho met with the OSS agent Archimedes Patti and offered to provide intelligence to the allies provided that he could have "a line of communication with the allies."[23] The OSS agreed to this and later sent a military team of OSS members to train Ho's men and Ho himself was treated for malaria and dysentery by an OSS doctor.[24]
Following the August Revolution (1945) organized by the Viet Minh, Ho became Chairman of the Provisional Government (Premier of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam) and issued a Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam.[25] Although he convinced Emperor Bảo Đại to abdicate, his government was not recognized by any country. He repeatedly petitioned American President Harry S. Truman for support for Vietnamese independence,[26] citing the Atlantic Charter, but Truman never responded.[27]
Several sources relate how,[28] during a power struggle in 1945, the Viet Minh killed members of rival groups, such as the leader of the Constitutional Party, Bui Quang Chieu, the head of the Party for Independence, and Ngo Dinh Diem's brother, Ngo Dinh Khoi.[29] Ho, when asked by a reporter about the murder of Ta Thu Thau, a leading Trotskyist and personal friend, answered matter-of-factly, "Anyone who does not follow the line determined by me will be smashed."[30][31]
In 1946, future Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion and Ho became acquainted when they stayed at the same hotel in Paris.[32][33] Ho offered Ben-Gurion a Jewish home-in-exile in Vietnam.[32][33] Ben-Gurion declined, telling Ho: "I am certain we shall be able to establish a Jewish Government in Palestine."[32][33]
In 1946, when Ho traveled outside of the country, his subordinates imprisoned 2,500 non-communist nationalists and forced 6,000 others to flee.[34] Hundreds of political opponents were jailed or exiled in July 1946, notably members of the National Party of Vietnam and the Dai Viet National Party, after a failed attempt to raise a coup against the Vietminh government.[35][36] All rival political parties were hereafter banned and local governments were purged[37] to minimize opposition later on. However, it was noted that the Democratic Republic of Vietnam's first Congress had over two-third of its members come from non-Viet Minh political factions, some without election. NPV party leader Nguyễn Hải Thần was named Vice President.[38] They also held four out of ten ministerial positions.[39]
Birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam[edit]
On 2 September 1945, following Emperor Bảo Đại's abdication, Ho read the Declaration of Independence of Vietnam,[40] under the name of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. In Saigon, with violence between rival Vietnamese factions and French forces increasing, the British commander, General Sir Douglas Gracey, declared martial law. On 24 September, the Viet Minh leaders responded with a call for a general strike.[41]
In September 1945, a force of 200,000 Republic of China Army troops arrived in Hanoi to accept the surrender of the Japanese occupiers in northern Indochina. Ho made a compromise with their general, Lu Han, to dissolve the Communist Party and to hold an election which would yield a coalition government. When Chiang forced the French to give the French concessions in Shanghai back to China in exchange for withdrawing from northern Indochina, Ho had no choice but to sign an agreement with France on 6 March 1946, in which Vietnam would be recognized as an autonomous state in the Indochinese Federation and the French Union. The agreement soon broke down. The purpose of the agreement, for both the French and Vietminh, was for Chiang's army to leave North Vietnam. Fighting broke out in the North soon after the Chinese left.
Historian Professor Liam Kelley of the University of Hawaii at Manoa on his Le Minh Khai's SEAsian History Blog challenged the authenticity of the alleged quote where Hồ Chí Minh said he would rather sniff French shit than eat Chinese shit, noting that Stanley Karnow provided no source for the extended quote attributed to Ho in his 1983 Vietnam: A History, and that the original quote was most likely forged by the Frenchman Paul Mus in his 1952 book Viêt-Nam: Sociologie d’une Guerre, Mus was a supporter of French colonialism in Vietnam and Ho knew that there was no danger of Chinese troops staying in Vietnam, and in fact the Vietnamese at the time were busy spreading anti-French propaganda as evidence of French atrocities in Vietnam emerged, while Ho showed no qualms about accepting Chinese aid after 1949.[42][43]




Hồ Chí Minh (right) with Võ Nguyên Giáp (left) in Hanoi, 1945


The Viet Minh then collaborated with French colonial forces to massacre supporters of the Vietnamese nationalist movements in 1945-6.[44] The Communists eventually suppressed all non-Communist parties but failed to secure a peace deal with France. In the final days of 1946, after a year of diplomatic failure and many concessions in agreements such as the Dalat and Fontainebleau conferences, the Democratic Republic of Vietnam government found that war was inevitable. The bombardment of Haiphong by French forces at Hanoi only strengthened the belief that France had no intention of allowing an autonomous, independent state in Vietnam. On 19 December 1946, Ho, representing his government, declared war against the French Union, marking the beginning of the Indochina War.[45] The Vietnam National Army, by then mostly armed with machetes and muskets immediately attacked, waging assault against French positions, smoking them out with straw bundled with chili pepper, destroying armored vehicles with "lunge mines" (a hollow-charge warhead on the end of a pole, detonated by thrusting the charge against the side of a tank; typically a suicide weapon[46]) and Molotov cocktails, holding off attackers by using roadblocks, landmines and gravel. After two months of fighting, the exhausted Viet Minh forces withdrew after systematically destroying any valuable infrastructure. Ho was reported to be captured by a group of French soldiers led by Jean-Étienne Valluy at Việt Bắc in Operation Lea. The person in question turned out to be a Viet Minh advisor, who was later killed trying to escape. According to journalist Bernard Fall, after fighting the French for several years, Ho decided to negotiate a truce. The French negotiators arrived at the meeting site: a mud hut with a thatched roof. Inside they found a long table with chairs and were surprised to discover in one corner of the room a silver ice bucket containing ice and a bottle of good Champagne which should have indicated that Ho expected the negotiations to succeed. One demand by the French was the return to French custody of a number of Japanese military officers (who had been helping the Vietnamese armed forces by training them in the use of weapons of Japanese origin), in order for them to stand trial for war crimes committed during World War II. Ho replied that the Japanese officers were allies and friends whom he could not betray. Then he walked out, to seven more years of war.[47]
In February 1950, after the successful removal of the French border's blockade,[48] Ho met with Stalin and Mao Zedong in Moscow after the Soviet Union recognized his government. They all agreed that China would be responsible for backing the Viet Minh.[49] Mao's emissary to Moscow stated in August that China planned to train 60,000–70,000 Viet Minh in the near future.[50] The road to the outside world was open for Viet Minh forces to receive additional supplies which would allow them to escalate the fight against the French regime throughout Indochina. In 1954, after the crushing defeat of French Union forces at Battle of Dien Bien Phu, France was forced to give up its fight against the Viet Minh. The Viet Minh murdered between 100,000 and 150,000 civilians during the war.[51]
Becoming president and Vietnam War[edit]




Effigies of "Charles DeGaulle and Hồ Chí Minh are hanged" by Students demonstration in Saigon, July 1964, observing the tenth anniversary of the July 1954 Geneva Agreements


The 1954 Geneva Accords concluded between France and the Viet Minh, allowing the latter's forces to regroup in the North whilst anti-communist groups settled in the South. Ho's Democratic Republic of Vietnam relocated to Hanoi and became the government of North Vietnam, a communist-led one-party state.
Following the Geneva Accords, there was to be a 300-day period in which people could freely move between the two regions of Vietnam, later known as South Vietnam and North Vietnam. More than 1 million North Vietnamese people fled to the South. A much smaller number moved North.[52] It is estimated that as many as two million more would have left had they not been stopped by the Viet Minh.[53]
All the parties at Geneva called for reunification elections, but could not agree on the details. Recently appointed Viet Minh acting foreign minister Pham Van Dong proposed elections under the supervision of "local commissions". The US, with the support of Britain and the Associated States of Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia, suggested UN supervision. This plan was rejected by Soviet representative Vyacheslav Molotov, who argued for a commission composed of an equal number of communist and non-communist members, which could determine "important" issues only by unanimous agreement.[54] The negotiators were unable to agree on a date for the elections for reunification. The DRV argued that the elections should be held within 6 months of the ceasefire, while the Western allies sought to have no deadline. Molotov proposed June 1955, then later softened this to any time in 1955 and finally July 1956.[55]:610 The Diem government supported reunification elections, but only with effective international supervision, arguing that genuinely free elections were impossible in the totalitarian North.[56] By the afternoon of 20 July the remaining outstanding issues were resolved as the parties agreed that the partition line should be at the 17th parallel and that the elections for reunification should be in July 1956, two years after the ceasefire.[55]:604 The "Agreement on the Cessation of Hostilities in Vietnam" was signed only by French and Viet Minh military commands, completely bypassing the State of Vietnam.[57] Based on a proposal by Chinese delegation head Zhou Enlai, an International Control Commission (ICC) chaired by India, with Canada and Poland as members, was placed in charge of supervising the ceasefire.[55]:603[58] Because issues were to be decided unanimously, Poland's presence in the ICC provided the communists effective veto power over supervision of the treaty.[59] The unsigned "Final Declaration of the Geneva Conference" called for reunification elections, which the majority of delegates expected to be supervised by the ICC. The Viet Minh never accepted ICC authority over such elections, stating that the ICC's "competence was to be limited to the supervision and control of the implementation of the Agreement on the Cessation of Hostilities by both parties."[60] Of the nine nations represented, only the United States and the State of Vietnam refused to accept the declaration. U.S. undersecretary of state Walter Bedell Smith delivered a "unilateral declaration" of the US position, reiterating: "We shall seek to achieve unity through free elections supervised by the United Nations to insure that they are conducted fairly."[61]




Ho Chi Minh with East German sailors in Stralsund harbour during his 1957 visit to East Germany






Ho Chi Minh with members of the East German Young Pioneers near Berlin, 1957


Between 1953 and 1956, the North Vietnamese government instituted various agrarian reforms, including "rent reduction" and "land reform", which resulted in significant political oppression. During the land reform, testimony from North Vietnamese witnesses suggested a ratio of one execution for every 160 village residents, which extrapolated nationwide would indicate nearly 100,000 executions. Because the campaign was concentrated mainly in the Red River Delta area, a lower estimate of 50,000 executions became widely accepted by scholars at the time.[62][63][64][65] However, declassified documents from the Vietnamese and Hungarian archives indicate that the number of executions was much lower than reported at the time, although likely greater than 13,500.[66]
At the end of 1959, Lê Duẩn was appointed by Ho to be the acting party leader, after becoming aware that the nationwide election would never happen and Diem's intention to purge out all opposing forces (mostly ex-Viet Minh). Ho began requesting the Politburo to send aid to the Viet Cong's uprising in South Vietnam. This was considered by Western analyzers as a loss of power by Ho, who is said to have preferred the more moderate Giap for the position.[67] North Vietnam invaded Laos in 1959 aided by the Pathet Lao, and used 30,000 men to build invasion and supply routes through Laos known as the Ho Chi Minh trail,[68] which allowed the North to send troops and aid to the Vietcong through Laos and Cambodia, thus escalating the war and tipping the balance, turning it to their favor.[69] Duan was officially named party leader in 1960, leaving Ho a public figure rather than actually governing the country. Ho maintained much influence in the government, Tố Hữu, Lê Duẩn, Trường Chinh, and Phạm Văn Đồng would often share dinner with him, and later all of them remained key figures of Vietnam throughout and after the war. In 1963, Ho purportedly corresponded with South Vietnamese President Diem in the hopes of achieving a negotiated peace.[17]:174
In late 1964, PAVN combat troops were sent southwest into officially neutral Laos and Cambodia.[70] According to Chen Jian, during the mid-to-late 1960s, Le Duan permitted 320,000 Chinese volunteers into North Vietnam to help build infrastructure for the country, thereby freeing a similar number of PAVN personnel to go south.[71] However, there are no sources from Vietnam, US or the USSR confirming the number of Chinese troops stationed in Northern Vietnam. By early 1965, U.S. combat troops began arriving in South Vietnam, first to protect the airbases around Chu Lai and Da Nang, later to take on most of the fight, as "More and more American troops were put in to replace Saigon troops who could not, or would not, get involved in the fighting".[72]




Hồ Chí Minh meeting a North Vietnamese circus troupe after their performance at the Presidential Palace, Hanoi, 1967.


As fighting escalated, widespread aerial and artillery bombardment all over North Vietnam by the U.S. Air Force and Navy begin with Operation Rolling Thunder. In July 1967, Ho and most of the Politburo of Workers Party of Vietnam met in a high-profile conference where they all concluded the war had fallen into a stalemate, since the United States Army presence forced the People's Army of Vietnam to expend the majority of their resources maintaining the Ho Chi Minh trail instead of reinforcing their comrade's ranks in the South. With Ho's permission, the Viet Cong planned to execute the Tet Offensive to begin on 31 January 1968, gambling on taking the South by force and defeating the U.S. military. The offensive came at great cost and with heavy casualties on NLF's political branches and armed forces. It appeared to Ho and to the rest of his government that the scope of the action had shocked the world, which had up until then been assured that the Communists were "on the ropes". The overly positive spin that the U.S. military had been attempting to achieve for years came crashing down. The bombing of Northern Vietnam and Ho Chi Minh trail was halted, and U.S and Vietnamese negotiators began to discuss how to end the war. From then on, Ho and his government's strategy, based on the idea of "avoiding conventional warfare and facing the might of the U.S. Army, which would wear them down eventually, while merely prolonging the conflict would lead to eventual acceptance of Hanoi's terms" materialized.
Personal life[edit]




Hồ Chí Minh watching a football game in his favourite fashion. His closest comrade – Prime Minister Phạm Văn Đồng is the person sitting next to him on the right corner.


Other than a politician, Ho was also a writer, journalist, poet and polyglot. His father was a scholar and teacher, who received a high degree in the Nguyễn dynasty Imperial examination; Ho was taught to master Classical Chinese at a young age. Before the August Revolution, he often wrote poetry in Chữ Hán (the Vietnamese name for the Chinese writing system). One of those is Poems from the Prison Diary made when he was imprisoned by the police of the Republic of China. This poetry chronicle is Vietnam National Treasure No. 10, and was translated to many languages. It is used in Vietnamese high schools.[73] After Vietnam gained independence from France, the new government promoted Chữ Quốc Ngữ (Vietnamese writing system in Latin characters) exclusivity to eliminate illiteracy. Ho started to create more poems in the modern Vietnamese language for dissemination to a wider range of readers. After he became President until the appearance of serious health problems, a short poem of his was regularly published in the newspaper Nhân Dân Tết (Lunar new year) edition to encourage his people in working, studying or fighting Americans in the new year.
Because of staying nearly 30 years in exile, Ho could speak fluently, as well as read and write professionally, in French, English, Russian, Cantonese and Mandarin in addition to his mother tongue Vietnamese.[74] In the 1920s, he was bureau chief / editor of many newspapers which he established to criticize French Colonial Government of Indochina and serving communism propaganda purposes. Examples are Le Paria (The Pariah) first published in Paris 1922 or Thanh Nien (Youth) first published on 21 June 1925 (21 June was named by The Socialist Republic of Vietnam Government as Vietnam Revolutionary Journalism Day). In many state official visits to Soviet Union and China, he often talked directly to their communist leaders without interpreters especially about top secret information. While being interviewed by Western journalists, he used French.[75] His Vietnamese had a strong accent from his birthplace in the central province of Nghệ An, but could be widely understood through the country.[note 1]




Stilt house of "Uncle Ho" in Hanoi


As president, Ho held formal receptions for foreign heads of state and ambassadors at the Presidential Palace, but he personally did not live there. He ordered the building of a stilt house at the back of the palace, which is today known as the Presidential Palace Historical Site. His hobbies (according to his secretary Vũ Kỳ) included reading, gardening, feeding fish (many of which are still living) and visiting schools and children's homes.[77]
Ho remained in Hanoi during his final years, demanding the unconditional withdrawal of all non-Vietnamese troops in South Vietnam. By 1969, with negotiations still dragging on, Ho's health began to deteriorate from multiple health problems, including diabetes which prevented him from participating in further active politics. However, he insisted that his forces in the south continue fighting until all of Vietnam was reunited under his regime regardless of the length of time that it might take, believing that time was on his side.[77]
Death[edit]




Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, Hanoi.


With the outcome of the Vietnam War still in question, Hồ Chí Minh died at 09:47 on the morning of 2 September 1969 from heart failure at his home in Hanoi, aged 79. His embalmed body is currently on display in a mausoleum in Ba Đình Square in Hanoi despite his will stating that he wanted to be cremated.[5]:565 News of his death was withheld from the North Vietnamese public for nearly 48 hours because he had died on the anniversary of the founding of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. He was not initially replaced as president, but a "collective leadership" composed of several ministers and military leaders took over, known as the Politburo.
During North Vietnam's final campaign, a famous song written by composer Huy Thuc was often sung by People's Army of Vietnam soldiers, "Bác vẫn cùng chúng cháu hành quân" ("You are still marching with us, Uncle Ho").[78] Six years after his death, at the Fall of Saigon, several PAVN tanks in Saigon displayed a poster with those same words on it.
Legacy and personality cult[edit]
See also: Nông Thị Xuân, Nông Đức Mạnh, Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, and Zeng Xueming




Hồ Chí Minh statue outside Hồ Chí Minh City Hall, Ho Chi Minh City






Temple devoted to Nguyễn Sinh Sắc, Hồ Chí Minh's father


The former capital of South Vietnam, Saigon, was officially renamed Ho Chi Minh City on 2 July 1976[79] by the new VCP-controlled National Assembly of Vietnam. However, the name provokes strong anti-communist feeling in a substantial number of Vietnamese. Many Vietnamese, especially those living abroad, continue to refer to the city as Sài Gòn, in rejection of the new communist-imposed name and in honor of the former capital of anti-communist Republic of Vietnam.[80]
Ho's embalmed body is on display in Hanoi in a granite mausoleum modeled after Lenin's Tomb in Moscow. Streams of people queue each day, sometimes for hours, to pass his body in silence. This is reminiscent of other Communist leaders like Vladimir Lenin, Mao Zedong, Kim il-sung, and Kim Jong-il.
The Ho Chi Minh Museum in Hanoi is dedicated to his life and work.




Hồ Chí Minh holding his god-daughter, baby Elizabeth (Babette) Aubrac, and Elizabeth's mother, Lucie Aubrac in 1946






Shrine devoted to Ho Chi Minh


In Vietnam today, Ho's image appears on the front of all Vietnamese currency notes. His portrait and bust are featured prominently in most of Vietnam's public buildings, in classrooms (both public and private schools) and in some families' altars. There is at least one temple dedicated to him, built in Vĩnh Long shortly after his death, in 1970, in Viet Cong-controlled areas.[81] His birthday (19 May) is celebrated as an official state holiday.[82]
General Secretary Nguyễn Phú Trọng had named his two adopted sons after the great leader, who are currently working for the government on a number of projects. Hồ Xuân Minh is living in the United States and working as a shop fitter, assisting the Government investment overseas,[83] while Hồ Xuân Nam is a songwriter and composer. He is a standing committee member, a senior member of resolution 36 drafted in 2004, which has the purpose of connecting Vietnamese expatriates with their motherland.[84] Xuan Nam has in the past performed for the Vietnamese community abroad hoping to unite them with their motherland[85]
The communist regime has also continually maintained a personality cult around Ho since the 1950s in the North, and later extended it to the South, which it sees as a crucial part in their propaganda campaign about Ho and the Party's past. Ho is frequently glorified in schools to schoolchildren. Opinions, publications and broadcasts that are critical of Ho or that identify his flaws are banned in Vietnam. Both Vietnamese and foreign activists, writers, reporters and commentators who criticize anything about Ho in the slightest are arrested and imprisoned or fined for "opposing the people's revolution". Ho is even glorified to a religious status as an "immortal saint" by the Vietnamese Communist Party, and some people worship the President, according to a BBC report.[80]
Publications about Ho's non-celibacy are banned in Vietnam, because the Party maintains that Ho had no romantic relationship with anyone in his lifetime in order to portray a puritanical image of Ho to the Vietnamese public, and advance the image of Ho as "the father of the [communist] revolution"[86] and of a "celibate married only to the cause of revolution".[87] William Duiker's Ho Chi Minh: A Life (2000) presents much information on Ho's relationships.[5]:605, fn 58 The government requested substantial cuts in the official Vietnamese translation of Duiker's book, which was refused.[88] In 2002, the Vietnamese government suppressed a review of Duiker's book in the Far Eastern Economic Review.[88]
There's also a personality cult surrounding Nguyễn Sinh Sắc, Ho's father.[citation needed]
International influence[edit]




Ho Chi Minh bust in Kolkata, India


Ho Chi Minh is considered one of the most influential leaders in the world. TIME magazine listed him in the list of 100 Most Important People of the Twentieth Century (Time 100) in 1998[89][90]. His thought and revolution inspired many leaders and people in Asia, Africa and Latin America during the decolonization movement on a global scale after World War II. As a communist, he was one of the international figures which was highly praised in the Communist world[91].
Various places, boulevards and squares named after him around the world, especially in socialist states and former communist states. In Russia, there is a Ho Chi Minh square and monument in Moscow, Ho Chi Minh boulevard in Saint Peterburg and Ho Chi Minh square in Ulyanovsk (the birthplace of Lenin, a sister city of Vinh, birthplace of Ho Chi Minh). According to the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as many as 20 countries across Asia, Europe, America and Africa have erected statues in remembrance of President Ho Chi Minh[92].
Busts, statues and memorial plaques and exhibitions are displayed in destinations on his extensive world journey in exile from 1911 to 1941 including France, Great Britain, Russia, China and Thailand [93].
Many activists and musicians wrote songs about Ho Chi Minh and his revolutionism during Vietnam War in different languages to demonstrate against the US. Spanish songs are composed by Félix Pita Rodríguez, Carlos Puebla and Alí Primera. In addition, Chilean folk singer Víctor Jara referenced Hồ Chí Minh in his anti-war song "El derecho de vivir en paz" ("The Right to Live in Peace"). In English, Ewan MacColl wrote "The Ballad of Ho Chi Minh" and Pete Seeger got "Teacher Uncle Ho". There are also songs about him in Russian by Vladimir Fere and in German by Kurt Demmler.
In 1987, UNESCO officially recommended to member states that they "join in the commemoration of the centenary of the birth of President Ho Chi Minh by organizing various events as a tribute to his memory", considering "the important and many-sided contribution of President Ho Chi Minh in the fields of culture, education and the arts" who "devoted his whole life to the national liberation of the Vietnamese people, contributing to the common struggle of peoples for peace, national independence, democracy and social progress."[94]

Notes[edit]


^ He sometimes went on-air to deliver important political messages and encourage soldiers.[76]


References[edit]


^ "Ho Chi Minh". Random House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary.
^ a b Trần Quốc Vượng. "Lời truyền miệng dân gian về Hồ Chí Minh". BBC Vietnamese. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b c Vũ Ngự Chiêu. "Vài vấn nạn lịch sử thế kỷ XX: Hồ Chí Minh—Nhà ngoại giao, 1945–1946". Hợp Lưu Magazine. Note: See the document in French, from Centre des archives d'Outre-mer [CAOM] (Aix)/Gouvernement General de l'Indochine [GGI]/Fonds Residence Superieure d'Annam [RSA]/carton R1, and the note in English at the end of the cited article. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b Nguyễn Vĩnh Châu. "Phỏng vấn sử gia Vũ Ngự Chiêu về những nghiên cứu lịch sử liên quan đến Hồ Chí Minh". Hợp Lưu Magazine. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k Duiker, William J. Ho Chi Minh: A Life. New York: Hyperion, 2000.
^ a b Hunt, Michael H. (2016). The World Transformed 1945 To the Present. New York, New York: Oxford University Press. p. 125. ISBN 978-0-19-937102-0. 
^ a b c d e f "Quinn-Judge", "Sophie" (2002). Hồ Chí Minh: The Missing Years. University of California Press. 
^ Winter, Marcus (1989). Uncle Ho: Father Of A Nation. Limehouse Press, London. 
^ "The Drayton Court Hotel". Ealing.gov.uk. Retrieved 30 January 2013. 
^ Forbes, Andrew; Henley, David (2012). Vietnam Past and Present: The North. Chiang Mai, Thailand: Cognoscenti Books. 
^ Harries, David. "Maritime Sussex". Sussex Express. Retrieved 12 June 2015. 
^ Phong, Huy; Anh, Yen (1989). "Unmasking Ho Chi Minh". "Viet Quoc". Retrieved 2015-06-11. 
^ For a thumbnail of a photograph in the Library of Congress collection showing Quốc at the Versailles Conference, see "Ho Chi Minh, 1890–1969, half length, standing, facing left; as member of French Socialist Party at Versailles Peace Conference, 1919", Library of Congress Prints and Photographs Online Catalog.
^ Huynh, Kim Kháhn, Vietnamese Communism, 1925–1945. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1982; pg. 60.
^ Tran Dan, Tien. "Ho Chi Minh, Life and Work". Communist Party of Vietnam Online Newspaper. Gioi Publishers. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ Brett Reilly review of "Embers of War: The Fall of an Empire and the Making of America's Vietnam" by Fredrik Logevall, Journal of Vietnamese Studies 11.1 (2016), 147.r
^ a b c d e Brocheux, Pierre; Duiker,, Claire, translator (2011). Ho Chi Minh : a biography (1. publ. ed.). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-1-107-62226-5. 
^ Obituary in The New York Times, 4 September 1969
^ a b c d e Brocheux, P. pp. 39–40
Duiker, p. 143.
^ a b Davidson, Phillip B., Vietnam at War: The History: 1946–1975 (1991), p. 4.
Hoàng Văn Chí. From Colonialism to Communism (1964), p. 18.
^ "Ho Chi Minh". u-s-history.com. 
^ "Ho Chi Minh Was Noted for Success in Blending Nationalism and Communism", The New York Times
^ Interview with Archimedes L. A. Patti, 1981, http://openvault.wgbh.org/catalog/vietnam-bf3262-interview-with-archimedes-l-a-patti-1981
^ Interview with OSS officer Carleton Swift, 1981, http://openvault.wgbh.org/catalog/vietnam-9dc948-interview-with-carleton-swift
^ Zinn, Howard (1995). A People's History of the United States: 1492–present. New York: Harper Perennial. p. 460. ISBN 0-06-092643-0. 
^ "Collection of Letters by Ho Chi Minh". Rationalrevolution.net. Retrieved 26 September 2009. 
^ Zinn, Howard (1995). A People's History of the United States. New York: Harper Perennial. p. 461. ISBN 0-06-092643-0. 
^ The Black Book of Communism
^ Joseph Buttinnger, Vietnam: A Dragon Embattled, vol 1 (New York: Praeger, 1967)
^ Ngo, Van (2 November 2010). In The Crossfire: Adventures of a Vietnamese Revolutionary. Oakland, CA: AK Press. p. 163. ISBN 978-1849350136. 
^ Lind, Michael (18 October 1999). Vietnam: The Necessary War. New York: Free Press. p. 141. ISBN 978-0684842547. 
^ a b c "Ben-gurion Reveals Suggestion of North Vietnam's Communist Leader". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 8 November 1966. Retrieved 5 September 2015. 
^ a b c "ISRAEL WAS EVERYTHING". Nytimes.com. 21 June 1987. Retrieved 5 September 2015. 
^ Currey, Cecil B. Victory At Any Cost (Washington: Brassey's, 1997), p. 126
^ "ER404 – Báo Công an nhân dân điện tử". cand.com.vn. 
^ Tucker, Spencer. Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: a political, social, and military history (vol. 2), 1998
^ Colvin, John. Giap: the Volcano under the Snow (New York: Soho Press, 1996), p. 51
^ Vietnamese Wikipedia profile of Nguyễn Hải Thần
^ vi:Chính phủ Liên hiệp Kháng chiến Việt Nam
^ "Vietnam Declaration of Independence". Coombs.anu.edu.au. 2 September 1945. Archived from the original on 6 October 2009. Retrieved 26 September 2009. 
^ Karnow, Stanley. Vietnam: a History.
^ https://leminhkhai.wordpress.com/2012/09/01/ho-chi-minh-said-what/ proof that he runs the blog
^ https://leminhkhai.wordpress.com/2013/04/25/chiang-kai-shek-and-vietnam-in-1945/
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Press. pp. 57–9, 67–9, 74.  and "Myths of the Vietnam War". Southeast Asian Perspectives. September 1972. pp. 14–8. ; also Dommen, Arthur J. (2001). The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans. Indiana University Press. pp. 153–4. 
^ vi:Lời kêu gọi toàn quốc kháng chiến
^ "Lone Sentry: New Weapons for Jap Tank Hunters (U.S. WWII Intelligence Bulletin, March 1945)". www.lonesentry.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Fall, Bernard. Last reflections on a War, p. 88. New York: Doubleday (1967).
^ vi:Chiến dịch Biên giới
^ Luo, Guibo. pp. 233–36
^ Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, "Chronology", p. 45.
^ Dommen, Arthur J. (2001), The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans, Indiana University Press, pg. 252.
^ United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "The State of The World's Refugees 2000 – Chapter 4: Flight from Indochina" (PDF). Retrieved 6 April 2007. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origin and Development. Hoover Institution Press. p. 75. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 89, 91, 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ a b c Logevall, Fredrik (2012). Embers of War: The fall of an Empire and the making of America's Vietnam. random House. ISBN 978-0-679-64519-1. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 107. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 90, 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 99. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 95, 99–100. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 143. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ cf. Gittinger, J. Price, "Communist Land Policy in Viet Nam", Far Eastern Survey, Vol. 29, No. 8, 1957, p. 118.
^ Courtois, Stephane; et al. (1997). The Black Book of Communism. Harvard University Press. p. 569. ISBN 978-0-674-07608-2. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Dommen, Arthur J. (2001), The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans, Indiana University Press, p. 340, gives a lower estimate of 32,000 executions.
^ "Newly released documents on the land reform". Vietnam Studies Group. Archived from the original on 20 April 2011. Retrieved 15 July 2016. Vu Tuong: There is no reason to expect, and no evidence that I have seen to demonstrate, that the actual executions were less than planned; in fact the executions perhaps exceeded the plan if we consider two following factors. First, this decree was issued in 1953 for the rent and interest reduction campaign that preceded the far more radical land redistribution and party rectification campaigns (or waves) that followed during 1954–1956. Second, the decree was meant to apply to free areas (under the control of the Viet Minh government), not to the areas under French control that would be liberated in 1954–1955 and that would experience a far more violent struggle. Thus the number of 13,500 executed people seems to be a low-end estimate of the real number. This is corroborated by Edwin Moise in his recent paper "Land Reform in North Vietnam, 1953–1956" presented at the 18th Annual Conference on SE Asian Studies, Center for SE Asian Studies, University of California, Berkeley (February 2001). In this paper Moise (7–9) modified his earlier estimate in his 1983 book (which was 5,000) and accepted an estimate close to 15,000 executions. Moise made the case based on Hungarian reports provided by Balazs, but the document I cited above offers more direct evidence for his revised estimate. This document also suggests that the total number should be adjusted up some more, taking into consideration the later radical phase of the campaign, the unauthorized killings at the local level, and the suicides following arrest and torture (the central government bore less direct responsibility for these cases, however). CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link) cf. Szalontai, Balazs (November 2005). "Political and Economic Crisis in North Vietnam, 1955–56". Cold War History. 5 (4): 395–426.  cf. Vu, Tuong (2010). Paths to Development in Asia: South Korea, Vietnam, China, and Indonesia. Cambridge University Press. p. 103. ISBN 9781139489010. Clearly Vietnamese socialism followed a moderate path relative to China. ... Yet the Vietnamese 'land reform' campaign ... testified that Vietnamese communists could be as radical and murderous as their comrades elsewhere. 
^ Cheng Guan Ang & Ann Cheng Guan, The Vietnam War from the Other Side, p. 21. (2002)
^ The Economist, 26 February 1983.
^ Lind, 1999
^ Davidson, Vietnam at War: the history, 1946–1975, 1988
^ Chen Jian. "China's Involvement in the Vietnam Conflict, 1964–69", China Quarterly, No. 142 (June 1995), pp. 366–69.
^ "Vietnam Veterans Against the War: History of the U.S. War in Vietnam". vvaw.org. 
^ Translated version:

French – Người tình nguyện vào ngục Bastille dịch "Nhật ký trong tù"
Czech – by cs:Ivo Vasiljev.
Korean – "Prison Diary" published in Korean by Ahn Kyong Hwan.
English – by Steve Bradbury, Tinfish Press

Older version – by Aileen Palmer


Spanish – [1] by Félix Pita Rodríguez
Romanian – by ro:Constantin Lupeanu
Russian – by Pavel Antokolsky


^ Duiker, William J. (2000). Ho Chi Minh: A Life. Hyperion. ISBN 978-0-7868-8701-9. 
^ [iMarx] Full translated – English subtitle-Interview President Ho Chi Minh – 1964. YouTube. 19 December 2011. 
^ Marr, David, Vietnam: State, War, and Revolution (1945–1946), 2013, University of California Press [2]
^ a b Phỏng vấn Vũ Kỳ – Thư ký của chủ tịch Hồ Chí Minh. YouTube. 10 August 2011. 
^ Vietnamese Wikipedia article on Huy Thuc
^ "Nghị quyết của Quốc hội nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam về việc chính thức đặt tên thành phố Sài Gòn – Gia Định là thành phố Hồ Chí Minh". wikisource.org. 
^ a b Marsh, Viv (6 June 2012). "Uncle Ho's legacy lives on in Vietnam". BBC News. Retrieved 2 December 2012. 
^ [3]
^ Trawicky, Bernard (30 April 2009). Anniversaries and Holidays. American Library Association. p. 84. ISBN 9780838910047. Retrieved 18 May 2017. 
^ (http://phapluatxahoi.vn/20120516074013759p1001c1015/tong-bi-thu-se-lam-truong-ban-chi-dao-phong-chong-tham-nhung.htm)
^ (http://www.universityworldnews.com/article.php?story=2013040414214828)
^ (http://www.radicalparty.org/it/node/5070797)
^ Dinh, Thuy. "The Writer's Life Stephen B. Young and Hoa Pham Young: Painting in Lacquer". The Zenith by Duong Thu Huong. Da Mau magazine. Retrieved 25 December 2013. 
^ Baker, Mark (15 August 2002). "Uncle Ho: a legend on the battlefield and in the boudoir". Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved 25 December 2013. 
^ a b "Great 'Uncle Ho' may have been a mere mortal". The Age. 15 August 2002. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ TIME Vol. 151 No. 14 (published 13 April 1998), visited 29 May 2017
^ Stanley Karnow, 13 April 1998, Ho Chi Minh, TIME
^ Interview with William Duiker on Hồ Chí Minh: A Life, 12 November 2000
^ Tuoi Tre News, Remembering Vietnam’s late President Ho Chi Minh in foreign countries, 27 January 2017
^ The places where President Ho Chi Minh lived and worked in Thailand, Vietnam Breaking News, 19 May 2017
^ "UNESCO. General Conference; 24th; Records of the General Conference, 24th session, Paris, 20 October to 20 November 1987, v. 1: Resolutions; 1988" (PDF). Retrieved 26 September 2009. 


Further reading[edit]
Essays

Bernard B. Fall, ed., 1967. Ho Chi Minh on Revolution and War, Selected Writings 1920–1966. New American Library.

Biography

William J. Duiker. 2000. Ho Chi Minh: A Life. Theia.
Jean Lacouture. 1968. Ho Chi Minh: A Political Biography. Random House.
Khắc Huyên. 1971. Vision Accomplished? The Enigma of Ho Chi Minh. The Macmillan Company.
David Halberstam. 1971. Ho. Rowman & Littlefield.
Hồ chí Minh toàn tập. NXB chính trị quốc gia
Sophie Quinn-Judge. 2003. Ho Chi Minh: The missing years. C. Hurst & Co. ISBN 1-85065-658-4
Tôn Thất Thiện, Was Ho Chi Minh a Nationalist? Ho Chi Minh and the Comintern Information and Resource Centre, Singapore, 1990

Việt Minh, NLF and the Democratic Republic of Vietnam

William J. Duiker. 1981. The Communist Road to Power in Vietnam. Westview Press.
Hoang Van Chi. 1964. From colonialism to communism. Praeger.
Trương Như Tảng. 1986. A Viet Cong Memoir. Vintage.

War in Vietnam

Frances FitzGerald. 1972. Fire in the Lake: The Vietnamese and the Americans in Vietnam. Little, Brown and Company.

American foreign policy

Henry A. Kissinger. 1979. White House Years. Little, Brown.
Richard Nixon. 1987. No More Vietnams. Arbor House Pub Co.

External links[edit]



Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Ho Chi Minh





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Ho Chi Minh





Wikimedia Commons has media related to:
Hồ Chí Minh (category)




Works by or about Ho Chi Minh at Internet Archive
The Drayton Court Hotel
Hồ Chí Minh obituary, The New York Times, 4 September 1969
TIME 100: Hồ Chí Minh
Ho Chi Minh selected writings
Hồ Chí Minh's biography
Satellite photo of the mausoleum on Google Maps
Final Tribute to Hồ from the Central Committee of the Vietnam Workers' Party
Bibliography: Writings by and about Hồ Chí Minh



Political offices


Preceded by
Bảo Đại
as Emperor
President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
2 September 1945 – 2 September 1969
Succeeded by
Tôn Đức Thắng


Preceded by
Trần Trọng Kim
as Prime Minister of the Empire of Vietnam
Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
2 September 1945 – 20 September 1955
Succeeded by
Phạm Văn Đồng


Party political offices


Preceded by
New title
Chairman of the Workers' Party of Vietnam
1951–1969
Succeeded by
None


Preceded by
Trường Chinh
First Secretary of the Workers' Party of Vietnam
1956–1960
Succeeded by
Lê Duẩn








v
t
e


Vietnamese independence movement



Events



Bombardment of Tourane
Siege of Saigon
Capture of the Citadel of Saigon
Conquest of Cochinchina
Ba Dinh uprising / Cần Vương
Pacification of Tonkin
Hanoi Poison Plot
World War I
1916 Cochinchina uprising
Thái Nguyên uprising
Bazin assassination
Yên Bái mutiny
Nghệ-Tĩnh Soviets
World War II
1940 Cochinchina uprising
Japanese coup d'état in French Indochina
August Revolution
Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
First Indochina War
Battle of Dien Bien Phu
Geneva Conference












Organisations



Cần Vương
Đông Du
Duy Tân hội
Empire of Vietnam
Nguyễn dynasty
Tonkin Free School
Việt Nam Quang Phục Hội
Vietnamese Revolutionary Youth League
Việt Nam Quốc Dân Đảng
Viet Minh
Communist Party of Vietnam





Revolutionaries



Cường Để
Đinh Công Tráng
Ho Chi Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng
Lương Văn Can
Ngô Đức Kế
Nguyễn An Ninh
Nguyễn Đình Chiểu
Nguyễn Quang Bích
Nguyễn Quyền
Nguyễn Thái Học
Nguyễn Thần Hiến
Nguyễn Thành
Nguyễn Thiện Thuật
Nguyễn Thượng Hiền
Nguyễn Trung Trực
Nguyen Xuan On
Phạm Bành
Phan Bội Châu
Phan Chu Trinh
Phan Đình Phùng
Phan Thanh Giản
Phan Xích Long
Tạ Thu Thâu
Tôn Thất Thuyết
Trần Cao Vân
Trương Định
Vũ Hồng Khanh





Emperors



Tự Đức
Hàm Nghi
Thành Thái
Duy Tân
Bảo Đại





French rulers



Albert Sarraut
Jean Decoux
French Indochina

Governor-General







Collaborators



Hoàng Cao Khải
Trần Bá Lộc












v
t
e


 Heads of state of Vietnam since 1945



Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945–76)





Hồ Chí Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng1
Tôn Đức Thắng





State of Vietnam (1949–55)




Bảo Đại
Ngô Đình Diệm1





Republic of Vietnam (1955–75)




Ngô Đình Diệm
Dương Văn Minh2
Nguyễn Khánh2
Provisional Leadership Committee3
Dương Văn Minh2
Phan Khắc Sửu2
Nguyễn Văn Thiệu2
Trần Văn Hương
Dương Văn Minh





Republic of South Vietnam (1969–76)




Nguyễn Hữu Thọ





Socialist Republic of Vietnam (1976–present)




Tôn Đức Thắng
Nguyễn Hữu Thọ1
Trường Chinh
Võ Chí Công
Lê Đức Anh
Trần Đức Lương
Nguyễn Minh Triết
Trương Tấn Sang
Trần Đại Quang








1acting
2military
3collective leadership












v
t
e


Heads of government of Vietnam since 1945



Empire of Vietnam (1945)



Trần Trọng Kim





Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945–76)




Hồ Chí Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng1
Phạm Văn Đồng





Autonomous Republic of Cochinchina (1946–49)



Nguyễn Văn Thinh
Lê Văn Hoạch
Nguyễn Văn Xuân





State of Vietnam (1949–55)



Bảo Đại
Nguyễn Phan Long
Trần Văn Hữu
Nguyễn Văn Tâm
Nguyễn Phúc Bửu Lộc
Ngô Đình Diệm





Republic of Vietnam (1955–75)



Nguyễn Ngọc Thơ
Nguyễn Khánh2
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh1
Nguyễn Khánh2
Trần Văn Hương
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh1
Phan Huy Quát
Nguyễn Cao Kỳ2
Nguyễn Văn Lộc
Trần Văn Hương
Trần Thiện Khiêm
Nguyễn Bá Cẩn
Vũ Văn Mẫu





Republic of South Vietnam (1969–76)




Huỳnh Tấn Phát





Socialist Republic of Vietnam (1976–present)




Phạm Văn Đồng
Phạm Hùng
Võ Văn Kiệt1
Đỗ Mười
Võ Văn Kiệt
Phan Văn Khải
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng
Nguyễn Xuân Phúc








1acting
2head of a military government












v
t
e


Heads of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam



Chairman (1951–69)



Hồ Chí Minh








General Secretaries (1930-present)



Trịnh Đình Cửu1
Trần Phú
Lê Hồng Phong
Hà Huy Tập
Nguyễn Văn Cừ
Trường Chinh
Hồ Chí Minh1
Lê Duẩn
Trường Chinh
Nguyễn Văn Linh
Đỗ Mười
Lê Khả Phiêu
Nông Đức Mạnh
Nguyễn Phú Trọng








1provisional












v
t
e


Cold War






USA
USSR
ANZUS
NATO
Non-Aligned Movement
SEATO
Warsaw Pact





1940s



Hukbalahap Rebellion
Dekemvriana
Yalta Conference
Guerrilla war in the Baltic states

Forest Brothers
Operation Priboi
Operation Jungle
Occupation of the Baltic states


Cursed soldiers
Operation Unthinkable
Potsdam Conference
Gouzenko Affair
Operation Masterdom
Operation Beleaguer
Operation Blacklist Forty
Iran crisis of 1946
Greek Civil War
Corfu Channel incident
Turkish Straits crisis
Restatement of Policy on Germany
First Indochina War
Truman Doctrine
Asian Relations Conference
Marshall Plan
1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état
Tito–Stalin Split
Berlin Blockade
Western betrayal
Iron Curtain
Eastern Bloc
Western Bloc
Chinese Civil War (Second round)
Malayan Emergency
Albanian Subversion





1950s



Bamboo Curtain
Korean War
1953 Iranian coup d'état
Uprising of 1953 in East Germany
1954 Guatemalan coup d'état
Partition of Vietnam
First Taiwan Strait Crisis
Geneva Summit (1955)
Poznań 1956 protests
Hungarian Revolution of 1956
Suez Crisis
Syrian Crisis of 1957
Sputnik crisis
Second Taiwan Strait Crisis
Cuban Revolution
Kitchen Debate
Bandung Conference
Bricker Amendment
McCarthyism
Operation Gladio
Iraqi July Revolution
"We will bury you"





1960s



Congo Crisis
Sino-Soviet split
1960 U-2 incident
Bay of Pigs Invasion
1960 Turkish coup d'état
Soviet–Albanian split
Berlin Wall
Portuguese Colonial War

Angolan War of Independence
Guinea-Bissau War of Independence
Mozambican War of Independence


Cuban Missile Crisis
Sino-Indian War
Communist insurgency in Sarawak
Iraqi Ramadan Revolution
1963 Syrian coup d'état
Vietnam War
1964 Brazilian coup d'état
United States occupation of the Dominican Republic (1965–66)
South African Border War
Transition to the New Order
Domino theory
ASEAN Declaration
Laotian Civil War
1966 Syrian coup d'état
Argentine Revolution
Korean DMZ Conflict
Greek military junta of 1967–74
USS Pueblo incident
Six-Day War
War of Attrition
Dhofar Rebellion
Protests of 1968
French May
Cultural Revolution
Prague Spring
Communist insurgency in Malaysia
Invasion of Czechoslovakia
Iraqi Ba'athist Revolution
Goulash Communism
Sino-Soviet border conflict
CPP–NPA–NDF rebellion
Corrective Move





1970s



Détente
Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty
Black September in Jordan
Corrective Movement (Syria)
Cambodian Civil War
Realpolitik
Ping-pong diplomacy
1971 Turkish military memorandum
Corrective Revolution (Egypt)
Four Power Agreement on Berlin
Bangladesh Liberation War
1972 Nixon visit to China
North Yemen-South Yemen Border Conflict
1973 Chilean coup d'état
Yom Kippur War
Carnation Revolution
Strategic Arms Limitation Talks
Rhodesian Bush War
Angolan Civil War
Mozambican Civil War
Ogaden War
Ethiopian Civil War
Lebanese Civil War
Sino-Albanian split
Cambodian–Vietnamese War
Sino-Vietnamese War
Iranian Revolution
Operation Condor
Dirty War
Korean Air Lines Flight 902
Saur Revolution
New Jewel Movement
1979 Herat uprising
Seven Days to the River Rhine
Struggle against political abuse of psychiatry in the Soviet Union





1980s



Soviet–Afghan War
1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics boycotts
1980 Turkish coup d'état
Invasion of Grenada
1986 Black Sea incident
1988 Black Sea bumping incident
Solidarity

Soviet reaction


Contras
Central American crisis
RYAN
Korean Air Lines Flight 007
Able Archer 83
Star Wars
People Power Revolution
Nagorno-Karabakh War
Tiananmen Square protests of 1989
Fall of the Berlin Wall
Revolutions of 1989
Glasnost
Perestroika





1990s



Mongolian Revolution of 1990
German reunification
Yemeni unification
Fall of communism in Albania
Breakup of Yugoslavia
Dissolution of the Soviet Union
Dissolution of Czechoslovakia





Frozen conflicts



Abkhazia
China
Korea
Nagorno-Karabakh
South Ossetia
Transnistria
Sino-Indian border dispute
North Borneo dispute





Foreign policy



Truman Doctrine
Containment
Eisenhower Doctrine
Domino theory
Hallstein Doctrine
Kennedy Doctrine
Peaceful coexistence
Ostpolitik
Johnson Doctrine
Brezhnev Doctrine
Nixon Doctrine
Ulbricht Doctrine
Carter Doctrine
Reagan Doctrine
Rollback
Sovereignty of Puerto Rico during the Cold War





Ideologies



Capitalism

Chicago school
Keynesianism
Monetarism
Neoclassical economics
Reaganomics
Supply-side economics
Thatcherism
CIA and the Cultural Cold War




Communism

Marxism–Leninism
Castroism
Eurocommunism
Guevarism
Hoxhaism
Juche
Maoism
Naxalism
Stalinism
Titoism




Liberal democracy
Social democracy
White supremacy





Organizations



ASEAN
CIA
Comecon
EEC
KGB
Non-Aligned Movement
SAARC
Safari Club
MI6
Stasi





Propaganda



Active measures
Izvestia
Pravda
Crusade for Freedom
Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty
Red Scare
TASS
Voice of America
Voice of Russia





Races



Arms race
Nuclear arms race
Space Race





See also



Brinkmanship
NATO–Russia relations
Soviet espionage in the United States
Russian espionage in the United States
American espionage in the Soviet Union
Soviet Union–United States relations
US–Soviet summits
Cold War II








Category
Portal
Timeline
List of conflicts








Communism portal
Socialism portal
Politics portal
Literature portal
Cold War portal
Asia portal
Vietnam portal
Biography portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 39391273
LCCN: n80126088
GND: 11855168X
SUDOC: 028429591
BNF: cb120266704 (data)
NDL: 00443451










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ho_Chi_Minh&oldid=791849487"					
Categories: Ho Chi Minh1890 births1969 deathsAnti-RevisionistsBandung Conference attendeesCommunist Party of Vietnam politiciansCommunist rulersGeneral Secretaries of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of VietnamMembers of the Politburo of the Communist Party of VietnamNorth VietnamPeople from Nghe An ProvincePeople of the First Indochina WarPresidents of VietnamPrime Ministers of VietnamRecipients of the Order of LeninViet Minh membersVietnamese communistsVietnamese expatriates in ChinaVietnamese expatriates in FranceVietnamese expatriates in Hong KongVietnamese expatriates in the Soviet UnionVietnamese nationalistsVietnamese people of the Vietnam War20th-century Vietnamese poetsWorld War II resistance membersGovernment ministers of VietnamForeign ministersVietnamese male poetsHidden categories: CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse dmy dates from March 2013Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueArticles containing Vietnamese-language textArticles with hAudio microformatsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego贛語گیلکیગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLadinoلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаसंस्कृतम्ScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言Winaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Chi Sing  Ho - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Chi Sing  Ho
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Chi Sing  Ho. Find out Chi Sing  Ho address and contact details. View other people related to Chi Sing  Ho - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O IDG VC MANAGEMENT LTD. UNIT 1509, THE CENTER, 99 QUEEN'S ROAD CENTRAL  Hong Kong




Companies related to Chi Sing  Ho
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000895051CASI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.9620 MEDICAL CENTER DR STE 300 ROCKVILLE 208500001386198MEMSIC Inc800 Turnpike Street  North Andover 01845




Chi Sing  Ho on the Web
Persons related to Chi Sing  Ho - CASI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.NamePositionCityKenneth Walter  BairSVP, Research and Development ROCKVILLEThomas H  Bliss JrSVP, Bus. & Corp. Development ROCKVILLEMark R  BrayVice President, Research TORONTODONALD S  BROOKSDirector ROCKVILLEDONALD S  BROOKSDirector ROCKVILLEJames S  BurnsPresident and CEO ROCKVILLEJames S  BurnsPresident and CEO ROCKVILLEDWIGHT L  BUSHDirector ROCKVILLEDWIGHT L  BUSHDirector ROCKVILLEDWIGHT L  BUSHDirector ROCKVILLEDWIGHT L  BUSHDirector ROCKVILLEDWIGHT L  BUSHDirector ROCKVILLENEIL J  CAMPBELLPresident and COO ROCKVILLERONALD  CAPEDirector ROCKVILLERONALD  CAPEDirector ROCKVILLESARA B  CAPITELLIVP Fin & Principal Account Off ROCKVILLESARA B  CAPITELLIVP, Fin & Principal Accounting ROCKVILLESARA B  CAPITELLIVP, Finance & PAO ROCKVILLESARA B  CAPITELLIVP, Finance & PAO ROCKVILLESidor  CarolynROCKVILLECELGENE CORP /DE/10% Owner SUMMITMarc  CorradoV.P. Corporate Development ROCKVILLEMarc  CorradoVP Corporate Development ROCKVILLEHu  CynthiaROCKVILLEBush  DwightROCKVILLEWei-Wu  HeDirector ROCKVILLEWei-Wu  HeDirector ROCKVILLEWei-Wu  HeDirector ROCKVILLEWei-Wu  HeDirector ROCKVILLEWei-Wu  HeDirector ROCKVILLEHE XIE AI QI INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (BEIJING) CO., LTD.BEIJINGChi Sing  HoCENTRALCynthia W.  HuCOO, General Counsel and Secy ROCKVILLECynthia W.  HuCOO, General Counsel & Sec ROCKVILLE,Cynthia W.  HuSee Remarks ROCKVILLECynthia W.  HuSee Remarks ROCKVILLEJames  HuangDirector ROCKVILLEJames  HuangDirector ROCKVILLEJames  HuangDirector ROCKVILLEJames  HuangDirector ROCKVILLECEVERA JENNIE  HUNTERDirector ROCKVILLECEVERA JENNIE  HUNTERDirector ROCKVILLECEVERA JENNIE  HUNTERDirector ROCKVILLECEVERA JENNIE  HUNTERDirector ROCKVILLECEVERA JENNIE  HUNTERDirector ROCKVILLEIDG-Accel China Growth Fund GP III Associates Ltd.K3IDG-Accel China Growth Fund III Associates L.P.K3IDG-Accel China Growth Fund III L.P.10% Owner K3IDG-Accel China III Investors L.P.K3Hunter-Cevera  JennieROCKVILLEUDO  KLEINSenior Vice President of R&D ROCKVILLEPETER S  KNIGHTDirector ROCKVILLEPETER S  KNIGHTDirector ROCKVILLEJianguang  LiBEIJINGDongliang  LinBEIJINGTak W.  MakDirector ROCKVILLETak W.  MakDirector ROCKVILLETak W.  MakDirector ROCKVILLETak W.  MakDirector ROCKVILLEBray  MarkROCKVILLERandall  MarkROCKVILLEMARK C M  RANDALLDirector ROCKVILLEMARK C M  RANDALLDirector ROCKVILLEMARK C M  RANDALLDirector ROCKVILLEKen  RenCEO and Director WEST DES MOINESKen Keyong  RenChief Executive Officer ROCKVILLEKen Keyong  RenChief Executive Officer ROCKVILLEKen Keyong  RenChief Executive Officer ROCKVILLEDANE R  SAGLIOChief Financial Officer ROCKVILLEDANE R  SAGLIOChief Financial Officer ROCKVILLEFranklin Cary  Salisbury jrDirector ROCKVILLECapitelli  SaraROCKVILLEHugo  ShongBEIJINGRAJESH C MD  SHROTRIYADirector IRVINERAJESH C MD  SHROTRIYADirector ROCKVILLECarolyn F  SidorCorp. VP and Chief Med. Ofcr ROCKVILLECarolyn F  SidorV.P. and Chief Medical Officer ROCKVILLESNOW MOON LTDROAD TOWNSPARKLE BYTE LTD10% Owner ROAD TOWNSpectrum Pharmaceuticals Cayman, L.P.HENDERSONSPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS INC10% Owner HENDERSONSPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS INCHENDERSONMak  TakROCKVILLEMICHAEL M  TARNOWDirector ROCKVILLEMICHAEL M  TARNOWDirector ROCKVILLEJINGRAN MANAGEMENT CENTER (LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)  TIANJINTIANJINKathy  Wehmeir-DavisPrincipal Accounting Officer ROCKVILLEHe  Wei-WuROCKVILLECynthia  WongCOO, Gen Counsel and Secretary ROCKVILLECynthia  WongCOO & General Counsel ROCKVILLEAlex  WuDirector ROCKVILLEAlex  WuDirector ROCKVILLEAlex  WuDirector ROCKVILLEFei  YangGUANGZHOUSuyang  ZhangSHANGHAIQuan  ZhouDirector CENTRALAlexander A  ZukiwskiChief Medical Officer FLEMINGTONPersons related to Chi Sing  Ho - MEMSIC IncNamePositionCityAMERIPRISE FINANCIAL INCMINNEAPOLISAMERIPRISE FINANCIAL INCMINNEAPOLISROGER W  BLETHENANDOVERROGER W  BLETHENDirector ANDOVERROGER W  BLETHENDirector ANDOVERCELTIC HOUSE VENTURE PARTNERS FUND IIA LPOTTAWACELTIC HOUSE VENTURE PARTNERS FUND IIA LP10% Owner OTTAWACELTIC HOUSE VENTURE PARTNERS FUND IIA LP10% Owner OTTAWAPatrick  ChiumientoANDOVERPatrick  ChiumientoVP-Marketing and Business DVLP ANDOVERCOLUMBIA MANAGEMENT INVESTMENT ADVISERS, LLCMINNEAPOLISRon  DizyNORTH VANCOUVERChi Sing  HoCENTRALShang  HsiaoANDOVERFeiming  HuangANDOVERIDG-Accel China Growth Fund GP II Associates Ltd.CENTRALIDG-Accel China Growth Fund II Associates L.P.CENTRALIDG-ACCEL CHINA GROWTH FUND II L PCENTRAL, HONG KONGINVESTAR CAPITAL INC10% Owner TAIPEIInveStar Semiconductor Development Fund IncTAIPEIInveStar Semiconductor Development Fund Inc (II) LDCTAIPEILawrence A.  KaufmanDirector ANDOVERLawrence A.  KaufmanDirector ANDOVERMark S.  LaichVP of Worldwide Sales ANDOVERMark S.  LaichV.P. of Worldwide Sales ANDOVERPatrick J  McGovernCENTRALPatrick J  McGovernCENTRALPatricia  NiuANDOVERPatricia  NiuChief Financial Officer ANDOVERPatricia  NiuChief Financial Officer ANDOVERGary  O'BrienANDOVERGary  O'BrienVP-ENGINEERING ANDOVERRIVERSOURCE INVESTMENTS LLC10% Owner MINNEAPOLISJAMES A  SAALFIELDWALTHAMJAMES A  SAALFIELD WALTHAMSeligman Spectrum Focus (Master) Fund10% Owner GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMANSeligman Spectrum Focus (Master) Fund10% Owner GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMANSeligman Spectrum Focus (Master) Fund10% Owner GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMANStill River Fund II LPWALTHAMStill River Fund II LP10% Owner WALTHAMMichael  TungDirector TAIPEIMichael  TungDirector TAIPEIMichael  TungDirector TAIPEI, F5 105David  YangANDOVERDavid  YangDirector ANDOVERDavid  YangDirector ANDOVERDavid  YangDirector ANDOVERPaul M  ZavrackyANDOVERPaul M  ZavrackyDirector ANDOVERPaul M  ZavrackyPresident, NA & EU Operations ANDOVERYang  ZhaoANDOVERYang  ZhaoCHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER ANDOVERYang  ZhaoChief Executive Officer ANDOVERQuan  ZhouCENTRALQuan  ZhouDirector CENTRAL, HONG KONGQuan  ZhouDirector CENTRAL, HONG KONG












 

















The Top 10 Things to Do in Ho Chi Minh City 2017 - Must See Attractions in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam | TripAdvisor




























































































































Ho Chi Minh City




Ho Chi Minh City Tourism




Ho Chi Minh City Hotels




Ho Chi Minh City Bed and Breakfast




Ho Chi Minh City Vacation Rentals




Ho Chi Minh City Vacations




Flights to Ho Chi Minh City




Ho Chi Minh City Restaurants




Things to Do in Ho Chi Minh City




Ho Chi Minh City Travel Forum




Ho Chi Minh City Photos




Ho Chi Minh City Map




Ho Chi Minh City Travel Guide







All Ho Chi Minh City Hotels 

Ho Chi Minh City Hotel Deals 

Last Minute Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City



By Hotel Type



Ho Chi Minh City Business Hotels


Ho Chi Minh City Family Hotels


Ho Chi Minh City Spa Resorts


Ho Chi Minh City Luxury Hotels


Romantic Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


Best Value Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


Ho Chi Minh City Resorts





By Hotel Class



5-star Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


4-star Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


3-star Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City





Popular Amenities



Ho Chi Minh City Hotels with Pools


Ho Chi Minh City Hotels with Free Parking


Pet Friendly Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City





Popular Ho Chi Minh City Categories



Ho Chi Minh City Cheap Hotels


Suite Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


Ho Chi Minh City Luxury Boutique Hotels


Hotels on the River in Ho Chi Minh City


Ho Chi Minh City Modern Hotels


Ho Chi Minh City Hotels with Smoking Rooms


Ho Chi Minh City Hotels with Kitchenette


Backpacker Hostels in Ho Chi Minh City


Luxury Spa Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City


Hotels with Nightclubs in Ho Chi Minh City





Near Landmarks



Hotels near War Remnants Museum


Hotels near Cu Chi Tunnels


Hotels near Central Post Office


Hotels near The Independence Palace


Hotels near Saigon Notre Dame Cathedral


Hotels near Bitexco Financial Tower - Saigon Skydeck


Hotels near Saigon Opera House (Ho Chi Minh Municipal Theater)


Hotels near Ho Chi Minh Squares


Hotels near Bui Vien Street


Hotels near Dong Khoi Street







All things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


Near Hotels



Things to do near The Reverie Saigon


Things to do near Villa Song Saigon


Things to do near Park Hyatt Saigon


Things to do near Hotel L' Odeon


Things to do near Hotel Nikko Saigon


Things to do near LiefHotel Saigon


Things to do near Hotel des Arts Saigon Mgallery


Things to do near InterContinental Saigon Hotel


Things to do near Sherwood Residence


Things to do near Cinnamon Hotel Saigon




 



Ho Chi Minh City  RECENTLY VIEWED No results found 0JOINinSearch About Ho Chi...HotelsVacation RentalsRestaurantsThings to doFlightsTravel ForumAirlinesTravel GuidesBest of 2017Road TripsHelp CenterLog in Join My Trips Bookings Rental Inbox Browse




Things to Do in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam - Ho Chi Minh City Attractions



Asia  Vietnam  Ho Chi Minh City  Things to Do in Ho Chi Minh City
















Things to Do in Ho Chi Minh City


















View Map









Also show 







Hotels



 







Restaurants



 









Also show 










 








MapSatellite 

Map updates are paused. Zoom in to see updated info. Reset zoom 





Updating Map... 




Your filters are still active. 

There are no pins in your viewport. Try moving the map or changing your filters. 


Thank you for your interest.This feature is coming soon. 


Return to Map 
 






Types of Things to DoTop AttractionsShop Tours & TicketsTypes of AttractionsSights & Landmarks (59)Tours (382)Museums (45)Food & Drink (123)Outdoor Activities (179)Shopping (243)Spas & Wellness (232)Boat Tours & Water Sports (87)Concerts & Shows (20)Nightlife (113)Classes & Workshops (29)Nature & Parks (26)Zoos & Aquariums (3)Transportation (33)Water & Amusement Parks (5)Fun & Games (41)Traveler Resources (8)Casinos & Gambling (2)More 








Ho Chi Minh City weather essentials




Month High Low Precip 


Jul

88°F 31°C 

74°F 23°C 

0 in 0 cm 



Aug

87°F 30°C 

73°F 22°C 

0 in 0 cm 



Sep

87°F 30°C 

74°F 23°C 

0 in 0 cm 



Oct

87°F 30°C 

73°F 22°C 

0 in 0 cm 



Nov

87°F 30°C 

72°F 22°C 

0 in 0 cm 



Dec

86°F 30°C 

70°F 21°C 

0 in 0 cm 




More weather for Ho Chi Minh City




 | 







Powered by Weather Underground






















Shop Tickets And ToursShop Now




Day Trips & Excursions





Food, Wine & Nightlife





Outdoor Activities





Shows, Concerts & Sports





Multi-day & Extended Tours





Walking & Biking Tours




Top Things to doSee all




Cu Chi Tunnels16,261 Reviews Points of Interest & Landmarks





War Remnants Museum21,405 Reviews History Museums





Saigon Opera House (Ho Chi Minh Municipal Theater)2,853 Reviews Architectural Buildings, Government Buildings, Operas, Theaters





Bitexco Financial Tower - Saigon Skydeck5,251 Reviews Observation Decks & Towers




MuseumsSee all




War Remnants Museum21,405 Reviews History Museums





FITO Museum612 Reviews Specialty Museums





Artinus 3D Art Museum329 Reviews Art Galleries, Art Museums





Fine Arts Museum713 Reviews Art Museums




Points of Interest & LandmarksSee all




Cu Chi Tunnels16,261 Reviews Points of Interest & Landmarks





Ho Chi Minh Squares2,427 Reviews Points of Interest & Landmarks





Nguyen Hue Street997 Reviews Points of Interest & Landmarks





Ben Dinh Tunnels134 Reviews Battlefields, Military Bases & Facilities, Points of Interest & Landmarks




Cruises, Sailing & Water ToursSee allfrom $13.00




Half-Day Cu Chi Tunnels and Luxury...251 reviews from $85.00* 





Mekong Delta Small Group Day Trip...591 reviews from $65.00* 





Classic Mekong Delta Deluxe Group Tour54 reviews from $38.00* 





Ho Chi Minh City Cooking Class and...58 reviews from $74.99* 




Sacred & Religious SitesSee all




Tan Dinh Church102 Reviews Sacred & Religious Sites





Ba Thien Hau Temple643 Reviews Sacred & Religious Sites





Chua Van Phat - Temple of Ten Thousand Buddhas44 Reviews Architectural Buildings, Sacred & Religious Sites, Points of Interest & Landmarks





Mariamman Hindu Temple307 Reviews Sacred & Religious Sites




Nature & ParksSee all




Tao Dan Park349 Reviews Parks





Cong Vien Van Hoa Park104 Reviews Parks





Cong Vien 23 Thang 9112 Reviews Parks





Cu Chi Wildlife Rescue Station79 Reviews Zoos




Cultural & Theme ToursSee allfrom $25.00




Mekong Delta Small Group Day Trip...591 reviews from $65.00* 





Cu Chi Tunnels Experience: Small...54 reviews from $26.00* 





Half-Day Small-Group Ho Chi Minh City...20 reviews from $28.00* 





Cu Chi Tunnels Tour with Saigon River...28 reviews from $112.50* 




Private & Custom ToursSee allfrom $13.00




Private Cu Chi Tunnels Half-Day Tour8 reviews from $41.00* 





Half Day Cu Chi Tunnels by Jeep from...1 review from $150.00* 





Private Tour: Ho Chi Minh City in a...23 reviews from $24.00* 





Private Tour: Cu Chi Tunnels and...5 reviews from $48.99* 




Peace & Quiet SeekersSee all




Saigon Adventure1,391 Reviews City Tours, Sightseeing Tours, Food Tours, Cultural Tours, Private Tours





A Travel Mate - Day Tours Saigon1,323 Reviews Cultural Tours, Historical & Heritage Tours, Boat Tours, Vespa, Scooter & Moped Tours, Day Trips





Saigon Hotpot735 Reviews Sightseeing Tours, Walking Tours, City Tours, Cultural Tours





Vietnam Adventure Tours1,700 Reviews Sightseeing Tours, Bike Tours, City Tours, Day Trips




Nature & Wildlife EnthusiastsSee all




A Travel Mate - Day Tours Saigon1,323 Reviews Cultural Tours, Historical & Heritage Tours, Boat Tours, Vespa, Scooter & Moped Tours, Day Trips





Vietnam Adventure Tours1,700 Reviews Sightseeing Tours, Bike Tours, City Tours, Day Trips





Les Rives - Authentic River Experience2,226 Reviews City Tours, Boat Tours, Private Tours, Sightseeing Tours, Speed Boats Tours





Ho Chi Minh City Urban Adventures1,689 Reviews Sightseeing Tours, Walking Tours, Food Tours, City Tours, Day Trips




Art & Architecture BuffsSee all




Saigon Adventure1,391 Reviews City Tours, Sightseeing Tours, Food Tours, Cultural Tours, Private Tours





Saigon Hotpot735 Reviews Sightseeing Tours, Walking Tours, City Tours, Cultural Tours





Vietnam Adventure Tours1,700 Reviews Sightseeing Tours, Bike Tours, City Tours, Day Trips





Onetrip Motorcycle Adventures404 Reviews Food Tours, City Tours, Cultural Tours, Motorcycle Tours, Private Tours




FoodiesSee all




XO Tours4,208 Reviews Sightseeing Tours, Food Tours, City Tours, Motorcycle Tours, Private Tours





Back of the Bike Tours1,852 Reviews Sightseeing Tours, Food Tours, City Tours, Private Tours, Vespa, Scooter & Moped Tours





Saigon Adventure1,391 Reviews City Tours, Sightseeing Tours, Food Tours, Cultural Tours, Private Tours





Vespa Adventures2,148 Reviews Food Tours, City Tours, Cultural Tours, Private Tours, Vespa, Scooter & Moped Tours




History BuffsSee all




XO Tours4,208 Reviews Sightseeing Tours, Food Tours, City Tours, Motorcycle Tours, Private Tours





Back of the Bike Tours1,852 Reviews Sightseeing Tours, Food Tours, City Tours, Private Tours, Vespa, Scooter & Moped Tours





Saigon Adventure1,391 Reviews City Tours, Sightseeing Tours, Food Tours, Cultural Tours, Private Tours





A Travel Mate - Day Tours Saigon1,323 Reviews Cultural Tours, Historical & Heritage Tours, Boat Tours, Vespa, Scooter & Moped Tours, Day Trips




Shopping FanaticSee all




Dong Khoi Street1,465 Reviews Points of Interest & Landmarks





Phan's Custom Tailor237 Reviews Gift & Specialty Shops





Ben Thanh Market7,661 Reviews Flea & Street Markets





Chinatown (Cho Lon) - District 5588 Reviews Neighborhoods














Sort by: Ranking Book Online 










City Tours (145)



#1 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   








Sightseeing Tours (134)



#2 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   








Private Tours (127)



#3 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   












Cu Chi Tunnels









16,261 reviews





#4 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Points of Interest & Landmarks




“Excellent Vietnamese war history.”
08/23/2015


“Awesome place, great to see a Vietnamese perspect...”
01/31/2015











More Info


71 booking options


   









War Remnants Museum









21,405 reviews





#5 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



History Museums




“Fantastic historical museum about the Vietnam War...”
11/16/2016


“Fascinating museum of Vietnam War (with plenty of...”
02/16/2015











More Info


40 booking options


   








Food Tours (93)



#6 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   








Cultural Tours (95)



#7 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   








Spas (218)



#8 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































   








Historical & Heritage Tours (50)



#9 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   












Saigon Opera House (Ho Chi Minh Municipal Theater)









2,853 reviews





#10 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Architectural Buildings













More Info


25 booking options


   









Bitexco Financial Tower - Saigon Skydeck









5,251 reviews





#11 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Observation Decks & Towers




“Fantastic views of the city and Saigon river with...”
10/03/2016


“Excellent views of the city and the Saigon river...”
01/04/2016











More Info


5 booking options


   









Central Post Office









11,415 reviews





#12 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Architectural Buildings













More Info


49 booking options


   









Ho Chi Minh Squares









2,427 reviews





#13 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Points of Interest & Landmarks




“Iconic place in HCMC! Loved the boule...”
01/14/2016


“A brilliant predestrian zone with HCMC, you can w...”
05/18/2016











More Info


3 booking options


   








Boat Tours (77)



#14 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   












The Independence Palace









7,324 reviews





#15 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Architectural Buildings




“Amazing historic history of vietnam , the amazing...”
07/02/2016


“Loved learning about the history of Vietnam and T...”
10/20/2016











More Info


38 booking options


   









Golden Dragon Water Puppet Theater









1,313 reviews





#16 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Theaters




“Great traditional Vietnamese activity!”
04/26/2014


“Great fun seeing some Vietnamese culture.”
01/27/2016











More Info


   









Tuyen Fashion Tailor









72 reviews





#17 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Shopping Malls




“Been using this tailor whenever i visit HCMC each...”
12/09/2016


“I live in HCMC and get all me suits and tailoring...”
02/20/2017











More Info


   









Ba Thien Hau Temple









643 reviews





#18 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Sacred & Religious Sites













More Info


14 booking options


   









FITO Museum









612 reviews





#19 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Specialty Museums




“... with Bao Loc Private tour guide Vietnam.”
01/11/2015


“Great museum of herbal medicine in Vietnam.”
03/20/2015











More Info


2 booking options


   









Nguyen Hue Street









997 reviews





#20 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Points of Interest & Landmarks













More Info


2 booking options


   









Benthanh Street Food Market









798 reviews





#21 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Points of Interest & Landmarks













More Info


   








Motorcycle Tours (36)



#22 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   









Saigon Notre Dame Cathedral









6,193 reviews





#23 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Churches & Cathedrals




“Saigon Notre Dame Cathedral is French Gothic arch...”
01/01/2016


“... 1962 is Notre Dame Cathedral Basilica of Saigon.”
05/14/2017











More Info


52 booking options


   









Bui Vien Street









1,577 reviews





#24 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Points of Interest & Landmarks













More Info


   








Day Trips (55)



#25 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   









Dong Khoi Street









1,465 reviews





#26 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Points of Interest & Landmarks




“History joins up with modern day HCMC and the blend is perfect.”
01/28/2016


“From the Saigon River, Dong Khoi St will lead you...”
05/07/2015











More Info


3 booking options


   








Cooking Classes (18)



#27 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   









Notre Dame Square









936 reviews





#28 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Points of Interest & Landmarks




“Amazing to see this architecture in Saigon.”
02/03/2016


“... always makes you feel truly beauty of Saigon.”
01/03/2017











More Info


3 booking options


   








Bike Tours (48)



#29 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 


































Related booking options


   









Pham Ngu Lao Street









1,308 reviews





#30 of 248 things to do in Ho Chi Minh City 



Neighborhoods




“It's nice to see the hustle and bustle of HCMC bu...”
12/08/2013


“Great place to base yourself for your stay in HCMC.”
02/16/2016











More Info


1 booking option


   





Previous


Next


1

2


3


4


5


6

…

9





 















 







Know better. Book better. Go better.  © 2017 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Site Map* TripAdvisor LLC is not a booking agent and does not charge any service fees to users of our site... (more) TripAdvisor LLC is not responsible for content on external web sites. Taxes, fees not included for deals content. EXPLOREAbout UsHelp CenterCURRENCY/COUNTRY$USDUnited States






















































































Ho Chi Minh - Wikipedia






















 






Ho Chi Minh

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Ho Chi Minh (disambiguation).


Ho Chi Minh


Hồ Chí Minh



Portrait c. 1946






Chairman of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Vietnam


In office
19 February 1951 – 2 September 1969


Preceded by
Position created


Succeeded by
Position abolished


First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Vietnam


In office
1 November 1956 – 10 September 1960


Preceded by
Trường Chinh


Succeeded by
Lê Duẩn


1st President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


In office
2 September 1945 – 2 September 1969


Preceded by
Position established
Bảo Đại (as Emperor)


Succeeded by
Tôn Đức Thắng


1st Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


In office
2 September 1945 – 20 September 1955


Preceded by
Position established
Trần Trọng Kim (as Prime Minister of the Empire of Vietnam)


Succeeded by
Phạm Văn Đồng


Minister of Foreign Affairs


In office
28 August 1945 – 2 March 1946


Preceded by
Position established


Succeeded by
Nguyễn Tường Tam


In office
3 November 1946 – March 1947


Preceded by
Nguyễn Tường Tam


Succeeded by
Hoàng Minh Giám


Member of the Politburo


In office
31 March 1935 – 2 September 1969





Personal details


Born
Nguyễn Sinh Cung
(1890-05-19)19 May 1890
Kim Liên, Nghệ An Province, French Indochina


Died
2 September 1969(1969-09-02) (aged 79)
Hanoi, North Vietnam


Nationality



Vietnamese
French





Political party
French Section of the Workers' International
(1919–1921)
French Communist Party
(1921–1925)
Communist Party of Vietnam
(1925–1969)


Spouse(s)
none (disputed)


Relations
Bạch Liên (or Nguyễn Thị Thanh) (Sister)
Nguyễn Sinh Khiêm (or Nguyễn Tất Đạt) (brother)
(Nguyễn Sinh Nhuận) (brother)


Parents
Nguyễn Sinh Sắc (father)
Hoàng Thị Loan (mother)


Alma mater
Communist University of the Toilers of the East


Profession
Politician


Signature





Vietnamese name


Vietnamese
Hồ Chí Minh


Hán-Nôm
胡志明




Vietnamese birth name


Vietnamese
Nguyễn Sinh Cung


Hán-Nôm
阮生恭


Hồ Chí Minh (/ˈhoʊ ˈtʃiː ˈmɪn/;[1] Vietnamese: [hò tɕǐ mīɲ] ( listen), Saigon: [hò tɕǐ mɨ̄n] ( listen); Chữ nôm: 胡志明; 19 May 1890 – 2 September 1969), born Nguyễn Sinh Cung,[2][3][4] also known as Nguyễn Tất Thành and Nguyễn Ái Quốc, was a Vietnamese Communist revolutionary leader who was Chairman and First secretary of the Workers' Party of Vietnam. Hồ was also prime minister (1945–55) and president (1945–69) of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (North Vietnam). He was a key figure in the foundation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945, as well as the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and the Việt Cộng (NLF or VC) during the Vietnam War.
He led the Việt Minh independence movement from 1941 onward, establishing the Communist-ruled Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945 and defeating the French Union in 1954 at the battle of Điện Biên Phủ. He officially stepped down from power in 1965 due to health problems, but remained a highly respected inspiration for those Vietnamese fighting for his cause—a united, communist Vietnam—until his death. After the war, Saigon, the former capital of the Republic of Vietnam, was renamed Hồ Chí Minh City.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 First sojourn in France
1.2 In the United States
1.3 In the United Kingdom


2 Political education in France
3 In the Soviet Union and China
4 Independence movement

4.1 Birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


5 Becoming president and Vietnam War
6 Personal life
7 Death
8 Legacy and personality cult
9 International influence
10 Notes
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early life[edit]
Ho Chi Minh was born Nguyễn Sinh Cung (as appeared in a letter from the director of Collège Quốc học, dated 7 August 1908),[2][3][4] in 1890 in the village of Hoàng Trù (the name of the local temple near Làng Sen), his mother's village. From 1895, he grew up in his father Nguyễn Sinh Sắc (Nguyễn Sinh Huy)'s village of Làng Sen, Kim Liên, Nam Đàn, Nghệ An Province. He had three siblings: his sister Bạch Liên (or Nguyễn Thị Thanh), a clerk in the French Army; his brother Nguyễn Sinh Khiêm (or Nguyễn Tất Đạt), a geomancer and traditional herbalist; and another brother (Nguyễn Sinh Nhuận) who died in his infancy. As a young child, Cung studied with his father before more formal classes with a scholar named Vuong Thuc Do. Cung quickly mastered Chinese writing, a prerequisite for any serious study of Confucianism, while honing his colloquial Vietnamese writing.[5]:21 In addition to his studious endeavors, he was fond of adventure, and loved to fly kites and go fishing.[5]:21 Following Confucian tradition, at the age of 10, his father gave him a new name: Nguyễn Tất Thành ("Nguyễn the Accomplished").
Thành's father was a Confucian scholar and teacher, and later an imperial magistrate in the small remote district of Binh Khe (Qui Nhơn). He was demoted for abuse of power after an influential local figure died several days after having received 102 strokes of the cane as punishment for an infraction.[5]:21Thành's father was eligible to serve in the imperial bureaucracy but refused because it meant serving the French.[6] This exposed Thành to rebellion at a young age and seemed to be the norm for the province where Thành came of age. The province was known for its resistance to foreign rule. In deference to his father, Thành received a French education, attended lycée in Huế, the alma mater of his later disciples, Phạm Văn Đồng and Võ Nguyên Giáp and his later enemy, Ngô Đình Diệm.
First sojourn in France[edit]
Previously, it was believed that Thành was involved in an anti-slavery (anti-corvée) demonstration of poor peasants in Huế in May 1908, which endangered his student status at Collège Quốc học. However, a document from the Centre des archives d'Outre-mer in France shows that he was admitted to Collège Quốc học on 8 August 1908, which was several months after the anti-corvée demonstration (9–13 April 1908).[3] The exaggeration of revolutionary credentials was common among Vietnamese communist leaders, as shown in Tôn Đức Thắng's falsified participation in the 1919 Black Sea revolt. Later in life, Hồ would claim the 1908 revolt had been the moment when his revolutionary outlook emerged, but his application to the French Colonial Administrative School in 1911 undermines this version of events. He chose to leave school in order to find a chance to go abroad. Because his father had been dismissed, he no longer had any hope for a governmental scholarship and went southward, taking a position at Dục Thanh school in Phan Thiết for about six months, then traveled to Saigon.
Thành worked as a kitchen helper on a French steamer, the Amirale de Latouche-Tréville, while using the alias "Văn Ba". The steamer departed on 5 June 1911 and arrived in Marseille, France on 5 July 1911. The ship then left for Le Havre and Dunkirk, returning to Marseille in mid-September. There he applied for the French Colonial Administrative School but his application was rejected. Instead, he decided to begin traveling the world by working on ships and visited many countries from 1911 to 1917.
In the United States[edit]
In 1912, while working as the cook's helper on a ship, Thành traveled to the United States. From 1912–13, he may have lived in New York City (Harlem) and Boston, where he claimed to have worked as a baker at the Parker House Hotel. The only evidence that Thành was in the United States is a letter to French colonial administrators dated 15 December 1912 and postmarked New York City (but he gave as his address Poste Restante in Le Havre and stated that he was a sailor) [7]:20 and a postcard to Phan Chu Trinh in Paris where he mentioned working at the Parker House Hotel. Inquiries to the Parker House management revealed no records of his ever having worked there.[5]:51 Among a series of menial jobs, he claimed to have worked for a wealthy family in Brooklyn between 1917–18, and for General Motors as a line manager.[8]:46 It is believed that while in the United States, he made contact with Korean nationalists, an experience that developed his political outlook, but Sophie Quinn-Judge admits that this is "in the realm of conjecture".[7]:20
In the United Kingdom[edit]
At various points between 1913 and 1919, Thành claimed to have lived in West Ealing, and later in Crouch End, Hornsey. He reportedly worked as either a chef or dish washer (reports vary) at the Drayton Court Hotel in West Ealing.[9] It is claimed that he trained as a pastry chef under Auguste Escoffier at the Carlton Hotel in the Haymarket, Westminster, but there is no evidence to support this.[7]:25 [10] However, the wall of New Zealand House, home of the New Zealand High Commission, which now stands on the site of the Carlton Hotel, displays a blue plaque, stating that Hồ Chí Minh worked there in 1913. Thành was also employed as a pastry boy on the Newhaven–Dieppe ferry route in 1913.[11]
Political education in France[edit]




Ho Chi Minh, 1921


From 1919 to 1923, while living in France, Thành began to show an interest in politics, being influenced by his friend and Socialist Party of France comrade Marcel Cachin. Thành claimed to have arrived in Paris from London in 1917, but the French police only had documents recording his arrival in June 1919.[7] He joined a group of Vietnamese nationalists in Paris whose leaders were Phan Chu Trinh, Phan Văn Trường, and Nguyễn Thế Truyền. They had been publishing newspaper articles advocating for Vietnamese independence under the pseudonym Nguyễn Ái Quốc ("Nguyễn the Patriot") prior to the arrival of Nguyễn Tất Thành in Paris in 1919.[12]
Following World War I, the group petitioned for recognition of the civil rights of the Vietnamese people in French Indochina to the Western powers at the Versailles peace talks, but was ignored.[13] Citing the principle of self-determination outlined prior to the peace accords, they requested the allied powers to end French colonial rule of Vietnam and ensure the formation of an independent government. Prior to the conference, the group sent their letter to allied leaders, including Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau and U.S. President Woodrow Wilson. They were unable to obtain consideration at Versailles, but the episode would later help establish Nguyễn Ái Quốc as a symbol of the anti-colonial movement at home in Vietnam.[14] Since Nguyễn Tất Thành was the public face behind the publication of the document (although it was written by Phan Văn Trường),[15] he soon became known as Nguyễn Ái Quốc and first used the name in September during an interview with a Chinese newspaper correspondent.[5]




A plaque in Compoint Lane, District 17, Paris indicates where Ho Chi Minh lived from 1921-1923


Many authors have speculated that 1919 was a lost "Wilsonian moment" when the future Hồ Chí Minh could have adopted a pro-American and less radical position if only President Wilson had received him. However, the available evidence shows that at the time of the Versailles Conference he was committed to a Socialist program. While the conference was ongoing, Nguyễn Ái Quốc was already delivering speeches on the prospects of Bolshevism in Asia and was attempting to persuade French Socialists to join Vladimir Lenin's Third Communist International.[16]
In December 1920, Quốc officially became a representative to the Congress of Tours of the Socialist Party of France, voted for the Third International and was a founding member of the Parti Communiste Français (FCP). Taking a position in the Colonial Committee of the PCF, he tried to draw his comrades' attention towards people in French colonies including Indochina, but his efforts were often unsuccessful. During this period he began to write journal articles and short stories as well as running his Vietnamese nationalist group. In May 1922, Quốc wrote an article for a French magazine criticizing the use of English words by French sportswriters.[17]:21 The article implored Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré to outlaw such Franglais as le manager, le round and le knock-out. While living in Paris, he reportedly had a relationship with a dressmaker named Marie Brière.
In the Soviet Union and China[edit]


Part of a series on


Marxism–Leninism







Concepts


Anti-imperialism
Anti-revisionism
Commanding heights of the economy
Communist society
Communist state
Democratic centralism
Economic planning
Marxist–Leninist atheism
One-party state
People's democracy
Popular front
Proletarian internationalism
Socialist patriotism
Socialist state
Theory of the productive forces
Third Period
Vanguardism








Variants


Guevarism
Ho Chi Minh Thought
Hoxhaism
Husakism
Kadarism
Khrushchevism
Maoism
Marxism–Leninism–Maoism
Prachanda Path
Titoism
Stalinism








People


Joseph Stalin
Ernst Thälmann
Earl Browder
Gonchigiin Bumtsend
Mao Zedong
Abimael Guzmán
José Díaz
Josip Broz Tito
Enver Hoxha
Palmiro Togliatti
Nikita Khrushchev
Fidel Castro
Che Guevara
Ho Chi Minh
Deng Xiaoping
Mathieu Kérékou
Agostinho Neto
Samora Machel
Thomas Sankara
Alfonso Cano








Literature


Wage Labour and Capital
Materialism and Empirio-criticism
Imperialism  (Lenin)
What Is to Be Done?
The State and Revolution

Dialectical and
Historical Materialism

Guerrilla Warfare

Fundamentals of
Marxism–Leninism









History


October Revolution
Soviet Union
Comintern
Hungarian Soviet Republic
Spanish Civil War
World War II
Warsaw Pact
Greek Civil War
Chinese Revolution
Korean War
Cuban Revolution
De-Stalinization
Non-Aligned Movement
Sino-Soviet split
Vietnam War
Portuguese Colonial War
Black Power movement
Nicaraguan Revolution
Nepalese Civil War
Naxalite insurgency
Internal conflict in Peru








Related topics


Bolshevism
Marxism
Leninism
Trotskyism








Communism portal
Socialism portal
Politics portal







v
t
e





In 1923, Quốc left Paris for Moscow carrying a passport with the name Chen Vang, a Chinese merchant,[5]:86 where he was employed by the Comintern, studied at the Communist University of the Toilers of the East,[5]:92[18] and participated in the Fifth Comintern Congress in June 1924, before arriving in Canton (present-day Guangzhou), China, in November 1924 using the name Ly Thuy.

External video

 Booknotes interview with William Duiker on Hồ Chí Minh: A Life, 12 November 2000, C-SPAN


In 1925–26, Quốc organized "Youth Education Classes" and occasionally gave socialist lectures to Vietnamese revolutionary young people living in Canton at the Whampoa Military Academy. These young people would become the seeds of a new revolutionary, pro-communist movement in Vietnam several years later. According to William Duiker, he lived with and married a Chinese woman, Zeng Xueming (Tăng Tuyết Minh), on 18 October 1926.[19] When his comrades objected to the match, he told them: "I will get married despite your disapproval because I need a woman to teach me the language and keep house."[19] She was 21 and he was 36.[19] They married in the same place where Zhou Enlai had married earlier, and then lived in the residence of a Comintern agent, Mikhail Borodin.[19]
Hoàng Văn Chí argued that in June 1925, Hồ betrayed Phan Bội Châu, the famous leader of a rival revolutionary faction and his father's old friend, to French Secret Service agents in Shanghai for 100,000 piastres.[20] A source states that Hồ later claimed he did it because he expected Châu's trial to stir up anti-French sentiment, and because he needed the money to establish a communist organization.[20] In Ho Chi Minh: A Life, William Duiker considered but rejected this hypothesis.[5]:126–128 Other sources claim that Nguyễn Thượng Hiền was responsible for Chau's capture. Chau, sentenced to lifetime house arrest, never denounced Quốc.
Chiang Kai-shek's 1927 anti-communist coup triggered a new era of exile for Quốc. He left Canton again in April 1927 and returned to Moscow, spending some of the summer of 1927 recuperating from tuberculosis in the Crimea, before returning to Paris once more in November. He then returned to Asia by way of Brussels, Berlin, Switzerland, and Italy, where he sailed to Bangkok, Thailand, arriving in July 1928. "Although we have been separated for almost a year, our feelings for each other do not have to be said in order to be felt", he reassured Minh in an intercepted letter.[19] In this period, he served as a senior agent undertaking Comintern activities in Southeast Asia.
Quốc remained in Thailand, staying in the Thai village of Nachok,[17] :44 and xiii until late 1929 when he moved on to India, then Shanghai. In early 1930, in Hong Kong, he chaired a meeting with representatives from two Vietnamese communist parties in order to merge them into a unified organization, Communist Party of Vietnam. In June 1931, he was arrested in Hong Kong. To reduce French pressure for extradition, it was (falsely) announced in 1932 that Quốc had died.[17]: 57–58 The British quietly released him in January 1933. He moved to the Soviet Union and in Moscow studied and taught at the Lenin Institute.[21] During those years he was also recovering from tuberculosis[citation needed]. It is said that in this period he lost his positions in the Comintern because of a concern that he had betrayed the organization. His influence among his Vietnamese comrades faded significantly.
In 1938, Quốc was allowed to return to China and served as an advisor to the Chinese Communist armed forces, which later forced China's government into exile on Taiwan.[7] Around 1940, Quốc began regularly using the name "Hồ Chí Minh",[7] a Vietnamese name combining a common Vietnamese surname (Hồ, 胡) with a given name meaning "He Who has been enlightened" (from Sino-Vietnamese 志 明: Chí meaning 'will' (or spirit) and Minh meaning "bright").[5]:248–49
Independence movement[edit]
In 1941, Ho returned to Vietnam to lead the Viet Minh independence movement. The Japanese occupation of Indochina that year, the first step toward invasion of the rest of Southeast Asia, created an opportunity for patriotic Vietnamese.[6] The "men in black" were a 10,000 member guerrilla force that operated with the Viet Minh.[22] He oversaw many successful military actions against the Vichy French and Japanese occupation of Vietnam during World War II, supported closely but clandestinely by the United States Office of Strategic Services, and later against the French bid to reoccupy the country (1946–54). He was jailed in China by Chiang Kai-shek's local authorities before being rescued by Chinese Communists.[17]:198 Following his release in 1943, he returned to Vietnam.




Ho Chi Minh (fifth from left, standing) with the OSS in 1945


In April 1945, Ho met with the OSS agent Archimedes Patti and offered to provide intelligence to the allies provided that he could have "a line of communication with the allies."[23] The OSS agreed to this and later sent a military team of OSS members to train Ho's men and Ho himself was treated for malaria and dysentery by an OSS doctor.[24]
Following the August Revolution (1945) organized by the Viet Minh, Ho became Chairman of the Provisional Government (Premier of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam) and issued a Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam.[25] Although he convinced Emperor Bảo Đại to abdicate, his government was not recognized by any country. He repeatedly petitioned American President Harry S. Truman for support for Vietnamese independence,[26] citing the Atlantic Charter, but Truman never responded.[27]
Several sources relate how,[28] during a power struggle in 1945, the Viet Minh killed members of rival groups, such as the leader of the Constitutional Party, Bui Quang Chieu, the head of the Party for Independence, and Ngo Dinh Diem's brother, Ngo Dinh Khoi.[29] Ho, when asked by a reporter about the murder of Ta Thu Thau, a leading Trotskyist and personal friend, answered matter-of-factly, "Anyone who does not follow the line determined by me will be smashed."[30][31]
In 1946, future Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion and Ho became acquainted when they stayed at the same hotel in Paris.[32][33] Ho offered Ben-Gurion a Jewish home-in-exile in Vietnam.[32][33] Ben-Gurion declined, telling Ho: "I am certain we shall be able to establish a Jewish Government in Palestine."[32][33]
In 1946, when Ho traveled outside of the country, his subordinates imprisoned 2,500 non-communist nationalists and forced 6,000 others to flee.[34] Hundreds of political opponents were jailed or exiled in July 1946, notably members of the National Party of Vietnam and the Dai Viet National Party, after a failed attempt to raise a coup against the Vietminh government.[35][36] All rival political parties were hereafter banned and local governments were purged[37] to minimize opposition later on. However, it was noted that the Democratic Republic of Vietnam's first Congress had over two-third of its members come from non-Viet Minh political factions, some without election. NPV party leader Nguyễn Hải Thần was named Vice President.[38] They also held four out of ten ministerial positions.[39]
Birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam[edit]
On 2 September 1945, following Emperor Bảo Đại's abdication, Ho read the Declaration of Independence of Vietnam,[40] under the name of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. In Saigon, with violence between rival Vietnamese factions and French forces increasing, the British commander, General Sir Douglas Gracey, declared martial law. On 24 September, the Viet Minh leaders responded with a call for a general strike.[41]
In September 1945, a force of 200,000 Republic of China Army troops arrived in Hanoi to accept the surrender of the Japanese occupiers in northern Indochina. Ho made a compromise with their general, Lu Han, to dissolve the Communist Party and to hold an election which would yield a coalition government. When Chiang forced the French to give the French concessions in Shanghai back to China in exchange for withdrawing from northern Indochina, Ho had no choice but to sign an agreement with France on 6 March 1946, in which Vietnam would be recognized as an autonomous state in the Indochinese Federation and the French Union. The agreement soon broke down. The purpose of the agreement, for both the French and Vietminh, was for Chiang's army to leave North Vietnam. Fighting broke out in the North soon after the Chinese left.
Historian Professor Liam Kelley of the University of Hawaii at Manoa on his Le Minh Khai's SEAsian History Blog challenged the authenticity of the alleged quote where Hồ Chí Minh said he would rather sniff French shit than eat Chinese shit, noting that Stanley Karnow provided no source for the extended quote attributed to Ho in his 1983 Vietnam: A History, and that the original quote was most likely forged by the Frenchman Paul Mus in his 1952 book Viêt-Nam: Sociologie d’une Guerre, Mus was a supporter of French colonialism in Vietnam and Ho knew that there was no danger of Chinese troops staying in Vietnam, and in fact the Vietnamese at the time were busy spreading anti-French propaganda as evidence of French atrocities in Vietnam emerged, while Ho showed no qualms about accepting Chinese aid after 1949.[42][43]




Hồ Chí Minh (right) with Võ Nguyên Giáp (left) in Hanoi, 1945


The Viet Minh then collaborated with French colonial forces to massacre supporters of the Vietnamese nationalist movements in 1945-6.[44] The Communists eventually suppressed all non-Communist parties but failed to secure a peace deal with France. In the final days of 1946, after a year of diplomatic failure and many concessions in agreements such as the Dalat and Fontainebleau conferences, the Democratic Republic of Vietnam government found that war was inevitable. The bombardment of Haiphong by French forces at Hanoi only strengthened the belief that France had no intention of allowing an autonomous, independent state in Vietnam. On 19 December 1946, Ho, representing his government, declared war against the French Union, marking the beginning of the Indochina War.[45] The Vietnam National Army, by then mostly armed with machetes and muskets immediately attacked, waging assault against French positions, smoking them out with straw bundled with chili pepper, destroying armored vehicles with "lunge mines" (a hollow-charge warhead on the end of a pole, detonated by thrusting the charge against the side of a tank; typically a suicide weapon[46]) and Molotov cocktails, holding off attackers by using roadblocks, landmines and gravel. After two months of fighting, the exhausted Viet Minh forces withdrew after systematically destroying any valuable infrastructure. Ho was reported to be captured by a group of French soldiers led by Jean-Étienne Valluy at Việt Bắc in Operation Lea. The person in question turned out to be a Viet Minh advisor, who was later killed trying to escape. According to journalist Bernard Fall, after fighting the French for several years, Ho decided to negotiate a truce. The French negotiators arrived at the meeting site: a mud hut with a thatched roof. Inside they found a long table with chairs and were surprised to discover in one corner of the room a silver ice bucket containing ice and a bottle of good Champagne which should have indicated that Ho expected the negotiations to succeed. One demand by the French was the return to French custody of a number of Japanese military officers (who had been helping the Vietnamese armed forces by training them in the use of weapons of Japanese origin), in order for them to stand trial for war crimes committed during World War II. Ho replied that the Japanese officers were allies and friends whom he could not betray. Then he walked out, to seven more years of war.[47]
In February 1950, after the successful removal of the French border's blockade,[48] Ho met with Stalin and Mao Zedong in Moscow after the Soviet Union recognized his government. They all agreed that China would be responsible for backing the Viet Minh.[49] Mao's emissary to Moscow stated in August that China planned to train 60,000–70,000 Viet Minh in the near future.[50] The road to the outside world was open for Viet Minh forces to receive additional supplies which would allow them to escalate the fight against the French regime throughout Indochina. In 1954, after the crushing defeat of French Union forces at Battle of Dien Bien Phu, France was forced to give up its fight against the Viet Minh. The Viet Minh murdered between 100,000 and 150,000 civilians during the war.[51]
Becoming president and Vietnam War[edit]




Effigies of "Charles DeGaulle and Hồ Chí Minh are hanged" by Students demonstration in Saigon, July 1964, observing the tenth anniversary of the July 1954 Geneva Agreements


The 1954 Geneva Accords concluded between France and the Viet Minh, allowing the latter's forces to regroup in the North whilst anti-communist groups settled in the South. Ho's Democratic Republic of Vietnam relocated to Hanoi and became the government of North Vietnam, a communist-led one-party state.
Following the Geneva Accords, there was to be a 300-day period in which people could freely move between the two regions of Vietnam, later known as South Vietnam and North Vietnam. More than 1 million North Vietnamese people fled to the South. A much smaller number moved North.[52] It is estimated that as many as two million more would have left had they not been stopped by the Viet Minh.[53]
All the parties at Geneva called for reunification elections, but could not agree on the details. Recently appointed Viet Minh acting foreign minister Pham Van Dong proposed elections under the supervision of "local commissions". The US, with the support of Britain and the Associated States of Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia, suggested UN supervision. This plan was rejected by Soviet representative Vyacheslav Molotov, who argued for a commission composed of an equal number of communist and non-communist members, which could determine "important" issues only by unanimous agreement.[54] The negotiators were unable to agree on a date for the elections for reunification. The DRV argued that the elections should be held within 6 months of the ceasefire, while the Western allies sought to have no deadline. Molotov proposed June 1955, then later softened this to any time in 1955 and finally July 1956.[55]:610 The Diem government supported reunification elections, but only with effective international supervision, arguing that genuinely free elections were impossible in the totalitarian North.[56] By the afternoon of 20 July the remaining outstanding issues were resolved as the parties agreed that the partition line should be at the 17th parallel and that the elections for reunification should be in July 1956, two years after the ceasefire.[55]:604 The "Agreement on the Cessation of Hostilities in Vietnam" was signed only by French and Viet Minh military commands, completely bypassing the State of Vietnam.[57] Based on a proposal by Chinese delegation head Zhou Enlai, an International Control Commission (ICC) chaired by India, with Canada and Poland as members, was placed in charge of supervising the ceasefire.[55]:603[58] Because issues were to be decided unanimously, Poland's presence in the ICC provided the communists effective veto power over supervision of the treaty.[59] The unsigned "Final Declaration of the Geneva Conference" called for reunification elections, which the majority of delegates expected to be supervised by the ICC. The Viet Minh never accepted ICC authority over such elections, stating that the ICC's "competence was to be limited to the supervision and control of the implementation of the Agreement on the Cessation of Hostilities by both parties."[60] Of the nine nations represented, only the United States and the State of Vietnam refused to accept the declaration. U.S. undersecretary of state Walter Bedell Smith delivered a "unilateral declaration" of the US position, reiterating: "We shall seek to achieve unity through free elections supervised by the United Nations to insure that they are conducted fairly."[61]




Ho Chi Minh with East German sailors in Stralsund harbour during his 1957 visit to East Germany






Ho Chi Minh with members of the East German Young Pioneers near Berlin, 1957


Between 1953 and 1956, the North Vietnamese government instituted various agrarian reforms, including "rent reduction" and "land reform", which resulted in significant political oppression. During the land reform, testimony from North Vietnamese witnesses suggested a ratio of one execution for every 160 village residents, which extrapolated nationwide would indicate nearly 100,000 executions. Because the campaign was concentrated mainly in the Red River Delta area, a lower estimate of 50,000 executions became widely accepted by scholars at the time.[62][63][64][65] However, declassified documents from the Vietnamese and Hungarian archives indicate that the number of executions was much lower than reported at the time, although likely greater than 13,500.[66]
At the end of 1959, Lê Duẩn was appointed by Ho to be the acting party leader, after becoming aware that the nationwide election would never happen and Diem's intention to purge out all opposing forces (mostly ex-Viet Minh). Ho began requesting the Politburo to send aid to the Viet Cong's uprising in South Vietnam. This was considered by Western analyzers as a loss of power by Ho, who is said to have preferred the more moderate Giap for the position.[67] North Vietnam invaded Laos in 1959 aided by the Pathet Lao, and used 30,000 men to build invasion and supply routes through Laos known as the Ho Chi Minh trail,[68] which allowed the North to send troops and aid to the Vietcong through Laos and Cambodia, thus escalating the war and tipping the balance, turning it to their favor.[69] Duan was officially named party leader in 1960, leaving Ho a public figure rather than actually governing the country. Ho maintained much influence in the government, Tố Hữu, Lê Duẩn, Trường Chinh, and Phạm Văn Đồng would often share dinner with him, and later all of them remained key figures of Vietnam throughout and after the war. In 1963, Ho purportedly corresponded with South Vietnamese President Diem in the hopes of achieving a negotiated peace.[17]:174
In late 1964, PAVN combat troops were sent southwest into officially neutral Laos and Cambodia.[70] According to Chen Jian, during the mid-to-late 1960s, Le Duan permitted 320,000 Chinese volunteers into North Vietnam to help build infrastructure for the country, thereby freeing a similar number of PAVN personnel to go south.[71] However, there are no sources from Vietnam, US or the USSR confirming the number of Chinese troops stationed in Northern Vietnam. By early 1965, U.S. combat troops began arriving in South Vietnam, first to protect the airbases around Chu Lai and Da Nang, later to take on most of the fight, as "More and more American troops were put in to replace Saigon troops who could not, or would not, get involved in the fighting".[72]




Hồ Chí Minh meeting a North Vietnamese circus troupe after their performance at the Presidential Palace, Hanoi, 1967.


As fighting escalated, widespread aerial and artillery bombardment all over North Vietnam by the U.S. Air Force and Navy begin with Operation Rolling Thunder. In July 1967, Ho and most of the Politburo of Workers Party of Vietnam met in a high-profile conference where they all concluded the war had fallen into a stalemate, since the United States Army presence forced the People's Army of Vietnam to expend the majority of their resources maintaining the Ho Chi Minh trail instead of reinforcing their comrade's ranks in the South. With Ho's permission, the Viet Cong planned to execute the Tet Offensive to begin on 31 January 1968, gambling on taking the South by force and defeating the U.S. military. The offensive came at great cost and with heavy casualties on NLF's political branches and armed forces. It appeared to Ho and to the rest of his government that the scope of the action had shocked the world, which had up until then been assured that the Communists were "on the ropes". The overly positive spin that the U.S. military had been attempting to achieve for years came crashing down. The bombing of Northern Vietnam and Ho Chi Minh trail was halted, and U.S and Vietnamese negotiators began to discuss how to end the war. From then on, Ho and his government's strategy, based on the idea of "avoiding conventional warfare and facing the might of the U.S. Army, which would wear them down eventually, while merely prolonging the conflict would lead to eventual acceptance of Hanoi's terms" materialized.
Personal life[edit]




Hồ Chí Minh watching a football game in his favourite fashion. His closest comrade – Prime Minister Phạm Văn Đồng is the person sitting next to him on the right corner.


Other than a politician, Ho was also a writer, journalist, poet and polyglot. His father was a scholar and teacher, who received a high degree in the Nguyễn dynasty Imperial examination; Ho was taught to master Classical Chinese at a young age. Before the August Revolution, he often wrote poetry in Chữ Hán (the Vietnamese name for the Chinese writing system). One of those is Poems from the Prison Diary made when he was imprisoned by the police of the Republic of China. This poetry chronicle is Vietnam National Treasure No. 10, and was translated to many languages. It is used in Vietnamese high schools.[73] After Vietnam gained independence from France, the new government promoted Chữ Quốc Ngữ (Vietnamese writing system in Latin characters) exclusivity to eliminate illiteracy. Ho started to create more poems in the modern Vietnamese language for dissemination to a wider range of readers. After he became President until the appearance of serious health problems, a short poem of his was regularly published in the newspaper Nhân Dân Tết (Lunar new year) edition to encourage his people in working, studying or fighting Americans in the new year.
Because of staying nearly 30 years in exile, Ho could speak fluently, as well as read and write professionally, in French, English, Russian, Cantonese and Mandarin in addition to his mother tongue Vietnamese.[74] In the 1920s, he was bureau chief / editor of many newspapers which he established to criticize French Colonial Government of Indochina and serving communism propaganda purposes. Examples are Le Paria (The Pariah) first published in Paris 1922 or Thanh Nien (Youth) first published on 21 June 1925 (21 June was named by The Socialist Republic of Vietnam Government as Vietnam Revolutionary Journalism Day). In many state official visits to Soviet Union and China, he often talked directly to their communist leaders without interpreters especially about top secret information. While being interviewed by Western journalists, he used French.[75] His Vietnamese had a strong accent from his birthplace in the central province of Nghệ An, but could be widely understood through the country.[note 1]




Stilt house of "Uncle Ho" in Hanoi


As president, Ho held formal receptions for foreign heads of state and ambassadors at the Presidential Palace, but he personally did not live there. He ordered the building of a stilt house at the back of the palace, which is today known as the Presidential Palace Historical Site. His hobbies (according to his secretary Vũ Kỳ) included reading, gardening, feeding fish (many of which are still living) and visiting schools and children's homes.[77]
Ho remained in Hanoi during his final years, demanding the unconditional withdrawal of all non-Vietnamese troops in South Vietnam. By 1969, with negotiations still dragging on, Ho's health began to deteriorate from multiple health problems, including diabetes which prevented him from participating in further active politics. However, he insisted that his forces in the south continue fighting until all of Vietnam was reunited under his regime regardless of the length of time that it might take, believing that time was on his side.[77]
Death[edit]




Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, Hanoi.


With the outcome of the Vietnam War still in question, Hồ Chí Minh died at 09:47 on the morning of 2 September 1969 from heart failure at his home in Hanoi, aged 79. His embalmed body is currently on display in a mausoleum in Ba Đình Square in Hanoi despite his will stating that he wanted to be cremated.[5]:565 News of his death was withheld from the North Vietnamese public for nearly 48 hours because he had died on the anniversary of the founding of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. He was not initially replaced as president, but a "collective leadership" composed of several ministers and military leaders took over, known as the Politburo.
During North Vietnam's final campaign, a famous song written by composer Huy Thuc was often sung by People's Army of Vietnam soldiers, "Bác vẫn cùng chúng cháu hành quân" ("You are still marching with us, Uncle Ho").[78] Six years after his death, at the Fall of Saigon, several PAVN tanks in Saigon displayed a poster with those same words on it.
Legacy and personality cult[edit]
See also: Nông Thị Xuân, Nông Đức Mạnh, Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, and Zeng Xueming




Hồ Chí Minh statue outside Hồ Chí Minh City Hall, Ho Chi Minh City






Temple devoted to Nguyễn Sinh Sắc, Hồ Chí Minh's father


The former capital of South Vietnam, Saigon, was officially renamed Ho Chi Minh City on 2 July 1976[79] by the new VCP-controlled National Assembly of Vietnam. However, the name provokes strong anti-communist feeling in a substantial number of Vietnamese. Many Vietnamese, especially those living abroad, continue to refer to the city as Sài Gòn, in rejection of the new communist-imposed name and in honor of the former capital of anti-communist Republic of Vietnam.[80]
Ho's embalmed body is on display in Hanoi in a granite mausoleum modeled after Lenin's Tomb in Moscow. Streams of people queue each day, sometimes for hours, to pass his body in silence. This is reminiscent of other Communist leaders like Vladimir Lenin, Mao Zedong, Kim il-sung, and Kim Jong-il.
The Ho Chi Minh Museum in Hanoi is dedicated to his life and work.




Hồ Chí Minh holding his god-daughter, baby Elizabeth (Babette) Aubrac, and Elizabeth's mother, Lucie Aubrac in 1946






Shrine devoted to Ho Chi Minh


In Vietnam today, Ho's image appears on the front of all Vietnamese currency notes. His portrait and bust are featured prominently in most of Vietnam's public buildings, in classrooms (both public and private schools) and in some families' altars. There is at least one temple dedicated to him, built in Vĩnh Long shortly after his death, in 1970, in Viet Cong-controlled areas.[81] His birthday (19 May) is celebrated as an official state holiday.[82]
General Secretary Nguyễn Phú Trọng had named his two adopted sons after the great leader, who are currently working for the government on a number of projects. Hồ Xuân Minh is living in the United States and working as a shop fitter, assisting the Government investment overseas,[83] while Hồ Xuân Nam is a songwriter and composer. He is a standing committee member, a senior member of resolution 36 drafted in 2004, which has the purpose of connecting Vietnamese expatriates with their motherland.[84] Xuan Nam has in the past performed for the Vietnamese community abroad hoping to unite them with their motherland[85]
The communist regime has also continually maintained a personality cult around Ho since the 1950s in the North, and later extended it to the South, which it sees as a crucial part in their propaganda campaign about Ho and the Party's past. Ho is frequently glorified in schools to schoolchildren. Opinions, publications and broadcasts that are critical of Ho or that identify his flaws are banned in Vietnam. Both Vietnamese and foreign activists, writers, reporters and commentators who criticize anything about Ho in the slightest are arrested and imprisoned or fined for "opposing the people's revolution". Ho is even glorified to a religious status as an "immortal saint" by the Vietnamese Communist Party, and some people worship the President, according to a BBC report.[80]
Publications about Ho's non-celibacy are banned in Vietnam, because the Party maintains that Ho had no romantic relationship with anyone in his lifetime in order to portray a puritanical image of Ho to the Vietnamese public, and advance the image of Ho as "the father of the [communist] revolution"[86] and of a "celibate married only to the cause of revolution".[87] William Duiker's Ho Chi Minh: A Life (2000) presents much information on Ho's relationships.[5]:605, fn 58 The government requested substantial cuts in the official Vietnamese translation of Duiker's book, which was refused.[88] In 2002, the Vietnamese government suppressed a review of Duiker's book in the Far Eastern Economic Review.[88]
There's also a personality cult surrounding Nguyễn Sinh Sắc, Ho's father.[citation needed]
International influence[edit]




Ho Chi Minh bust in Kolkata, India


Ho Chi Minh is considered one of the most influential leaders in the world. TIME magazine listed him in the list of 100 Most Important People of the Twentieth Century (Time 100) in 1998[89][90]. His thought and revolution inspired many leaders and people in Asia, Africa and Latin America during the decolonization movement on a global scale after World War II. As a communist, he was one of the international figures which was highly praised in the Communist world[91].
Various places, boulevards and squares named after him around the world, especially in socialist states and former communist states. In Russia, there is a Ho Chi Minh square and monument in Moscow, Ho Chi Minh boulevard in Saint Peterburg and Ho Chi Minh square in Ulyanovsk (the birthplace of Lenin, a sister city of Vinh, birthplace of Ho Chi Minh). According to the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as many as 20 countries across Asia, Europe, America and Africa have erected statues in remembrance of President Ho Chi Minh[92].
Busts, statues and memorial plaques and exhibitions are displayed in destinations on his extensive world journey in exile from 1911 to 1941 including France, Great Britain, Russia, China and Thailand [93].
Many activists and musicians wrote songs about Ho Chi Minh and his revolutionism during Vietnam War in different languages to demonstrate against the US. Spanish songs are composed by Félix Pita Rodríguez, Carlos Puebla and Alí Primera. In addition, Chilean folk singer Víctor Jara referenced Hồ Chí Minh in his anti-war song "El derecho de vivir en paz" ("The Right to Live in Peace"). In English, Ewan MacColl wrote "The Ballad of Ho Chi Minh" and Pete Seeger got "Teacher Uncle Ho". There are also songs about him in Russian by Vladimir Fere and in German by Kurt Demmler.
In 1987, UNESCO officially recommended to member states that they "join in the commemoration of the centenary of the birth of President Ho Chi Minh by organizing various events as a tribute to his memory", considering "the important and many-sided contribution of President Ho Chi Minh in the fields of culture, education and the arts" who "devoted his whole life to the national liberation of the Vietnamese people, contributing to the common struggle of peoples for peace, national independence, democracy and social progress."[94]

Notes[edit]


^ He sometimes went on-air to deliver important political messages and encourage soldiers.[76]


References[edit]


^ "Ho Chi Minh". Random House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary.
^ a b Trần Quốc Vượng. "Lời truyền miệng dân gian về Hồ Chí Minh". BBC Vietnamese. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b c Vũ Ngự Chiêu. "Vài vấn nạn lịch sử thế kỷ XX: Hồ Chí Minh—Nhà ngoại giao, 1945–1946". Hợp Lưu Magazine. Note: See the document in French, from Centre des archives d'Outre-mer [CAOM] (Aix)/Gouvernement General de l'Indochine [GGI]/Fonds Residence Superieure d'Annam [RSA]/carton R1, and the note in English at the end of the cited article. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b Nguyễn Vĩnh Châu. "Phỏng vấn sử gia Vũ Ngự Chiêu về những nghiên cứu lịch sử liên quan đến Hồ Chí Minh". Hợp Lưu Magazine. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k Duiker, William J. Ho Chi Minh: A Life. New York: Hyperion, 2000.
^ a b Hunt, Michael H. (2016). The World Transformed 1945 To the Present. New York, New York: Oxford University Press. p. 125. ISBN 978-0-19-937102-0. 
^ a b c d e f "Quinn-Judge", "Sophie" (2002). Hồ Chí Minh: The Missing Years. University of California Press. 
^ Winter, Marcus (1989). Uncle Ho: Father Of A Nation. Limehouse Press, London. 
^ "The Drayton Court Hotel". Ealing.gov.uk. Retrieved 30 January 2013. 
^ Forbes, Andrew; Henley, David (2012). Vietnam Past and Present: The North. Chiang Mai, Thailand: Cognoscenti Books. 
^ Harries, David. "Maritime Sussex". Sussex Express. Retrieved 12 June 2015. 
^ Phong, Huy; Anh, Yen (1989). "Unmasking Ho Chi Minh". "Viet Quoc". Retrieved 2015-06-11. 
^ For a thumbnail of a photograph in the Library of Congress collection showing Quốc at the Versailles Conference, see "Ho Chi Minh, 1890–1969, half length, standing, facing left; as member of French Socialist Party at Versailles Peace Conference, 1919", Library of Congress Prints and Photographs Online Catalog.
^ Huynh, Kim Kháhn, Vietnamese Communism, 1925–1945. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1982; pg. 60.
^ Tran Dan, Tien. "Ho Chi Minh, Life and Work". Communist Party of Vietnam Online Newspaper. Gioi Publishers. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ Brett Reilly review of "Embers of War: The Fall of an Empire and the Making of America's Vietnam" by Fredrik Logevall, Journal of Vietnamese Studies 11.1 (2016), 147.r
^ a b c d e Brocheux, Pierre; Duiker,, Claire, translator (2011). Ho Chi Minh : a biography (1. publ. ed.). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-1-107-62226-5. 
^ Obituary in The New York Times, 4 September 1969
^ a b c d e Brocheux, P. pp. 39–40
Duiker, p. 143.
^ a b Davidson, Phillip B., Vietnam at War: The History: 1946–1975 (1991), p. 4.
Hoàng Văn Chí. From Colonialism to Communism (1964), p. 18.
^ "Ho Chi Minh". u-s-history.com. 
^ "Ho Chi Minh Was Noted for Success in Blending Nationalism and Communism", The New York Times
^ Interview with Archimedes L. A. Patti, 1981, http://openvault.wgbh.org/catalog/vietnam-bf3262-interview-with-archimedes-l-a-patti-1981
^ Interview with OSS officer Carleton Swift, 1981, http://openvault.wgbh.org/catalog/vietnam-9dc948-interview-with-carleton-swift
^ Zinn, Howard (1995). A People's History of the United States: 1492–present. New York: Harper Perennial. p. 460. ISBN 0-06-092643-0. 
^ "Collection of Letters by Ho Chi Minh". Rationalrevolution.net. Retrieved 26 September 2009. 
^ Zinn, Howard (1995). A People's History of the United States. New York: Harper Perennial. p. 461. ISBN 0-06-092643-0. 
^ The Black Book of Communism
^ Joseph Buttinnger, Vietnam: A Dragon Embattled, vol 1 (New York: Praeger, 1967)
^ Ngo, Van (2 November 2010). In The Crossfire: Adventures of a Vietnamese Revolutionary. Oakland, CA: AK Press. p. 163. ISBN 978-1849350136. 
^ Lind, Michael (18 October 1999). Vietnam: The Necessary War. New York: Free Press. p. 141. ISBN 978-0684842547. 
^ a b c "Ben-gurion Reveals Suggestion of North Vietnam's Communist Leader". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 8 November 1966. Retrieved 5 September 2015. 
^ a b c "ISRAEL WAS EVERYTHING". Nytimes.com. 21 June 1987. Retrieved 5 September 2015. 
^ Currey, Cecil B. Victory At Any Cost (Washington: Brassey's, 1997), p. 126
^ "ER404 – Báo Công an nhân dân điện tử". cand.com.vn. 
^ Tucker, Spencer. Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: a political, social, and military history (vol. 2), 1998
^ Colvin, John. Giap: the Volcano under the Snow (New York: Soho Press, 1996), p. 51
^ Vietnamese Wikipedia profile of Nguyễn Hải Thần
^ vi:Chính phủ Liên hiệp Kháng chiến Việt Nam
^ "Vietnam Declaration of Independence". Coombs.anu.edu.au. 2 September 1945. Archived from the original on 6 October 2009. Retrieved 26 September 2009. 
^ Karnow, Stanley. Vietnam: a History.
^ https://leminhkhai.wordpress.com/2012/09/01/ho-chi-minh-said-what/ proof that he runs the blog
^ https://leminhkhai.wordpress.com/2013/04/25/chiang-kai-shek-and-vietnam-in-1945/
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Press. pp. 57–9, 67–9, 74.  and "Myths of the Vietnam War". Southeast Asian Perspectives. September 1972. pp. 14–8. ; also Dommen, Arthur J. (2001). The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans. Indiana University Press. pp. 153–4. 
^ vi:Lời kêu gọi toàn quốc kháng chiến
^ "Lone Sentry: New Weapons for Jap Tank Hunters (U.S. WWII Intelligence Bulletin, March 1945)". www.lonesentry.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Fall, Bernard. Last reflections on a War, p. 88. New York: Doubleday (1967).
^ vi:Chiến dịch Biên giới
^ Luo, Guibo. pp. 233–36
^ Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, "Chronology", p. 45.
^ Dommen, Arthur J. (2001), The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans, Indiana University Press, pg. 252.
^ United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "The State of The World's Refugees 2000 – Chapter 4: Flight from Indochina" (PDF). Retrieved 6 April 2007. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origin and Development. Hoover Institution Press. p. 75. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 89, 91, 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ a b c Logevall, Fredrik (2012). Embers of War: The fall of an Empire and the making of America's Vietnam. random House. ISBN 978-0-679-64519-1. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 107. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 90, 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 99. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 95, 99–100. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 143. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ cf. Gittinger, J. Price, "Communist Land Policy in Viet Nam", Far Eastern Survey, Vol. 29, No. 8, 1957, p. 118.
^ Courtois, Stephane; et al. (1997). The Black Book of Communism. Harvard University Press. p. 569. ISBN 978-0-674-07608-2. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Dommen, Arthur J. (2001), The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans, Indiana University Press, p. 340, gives a lower estimate of 32,000 executions.
^ "Newly released documents on the land reform". Vietnam Studies Group. Archived from the original on 20 April 2011. Retrieved 15 July 2016. Vu Tuong: There is no reason to expect, and no evidence that I have seen to demonstrate, that the actual executions were less than planned; in fact the executions perhaps exceeded the plan if we consider two following factors. First, this decree was issued in 1953 for the rent and interest reduction campaign that preceded the far more radical land redistribution and party rectification campaigns (or waves) that followed during 1954–1956. Second, the decree was meant to apply to free areas (under the control of the Viet Minh government), not to the areas under French control that would be liberated in 1954–1955 and that would experience a far more violent struggle. Thus the number of 13,500 executed people seems to be a low-end estimate of the real number. This is corroborated by Edwin Moise in his recent paper "Land Reform in North Vietnam, 1953–1956" presented at the 18th Annual Conference on SE Asian Studies, Center for SE Asian Studies, University of California, Berkeley (February 2001). In this paper Moise (7–9) modified his earlier estimate in his 1983 book (which was 5,000) and accepted an estimate close to 15,000 executions. Moise made the case based on Hungarian reports provided by Balazs, but the document I cited above offers more direct evidence for his revised estimate. This document also suggests that the total number should be adjusted up some more, taking into consideration the later radical phase of the campaign, the unauthorized killings at the local level, and the suicides following arrest and torture (the central government bore less direct responsibility for these cases, however). CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link) cf. Szalontai, Balazs (November 2005). "Political and Economic Crisis in North Vietnam, 1955–56". Cold War History. 5 (4): 395–426.  cf. Vu, Tuong (2010). Paths to Development in Asia: South Korea, Vietnam, China, and Indonesia. Cambridge University Press. p. 103. ISBN 9781139489010. Clearly Vietnamese socialism followed a moderate path relative to China. ... Yet the Vietnamese 'land reform' campaign ... testified that Vietnamese communists could be as radical and murderous as their comrades elsewhere. 
^ Cheng Guan Ang & Ann Cheng Guan, The Vietnam War from the Other Side, p. 21. (2002)
^ The Economist, 26 February 1983.
^ Lind, 1999
^ Davidson, Vietnam at War: the history, 1946–1975, 1988
^ Chen Jian. "China's Involvement in the Vietnam Conflict, 1964–69", China Quarterly, No. 142 (June 1995), pp. 366–69.
^ "Vietnam Veterans Against the War: History of the U.S. War in Vietnam". vvaw.org. 
^ Translated version:

French – Người tình nguyện vào ngục Bastille dịch "Nhật ký trong tù"
Czech – by cs:Ivo Vasiljev.
Korean – "Prison Diary" published in Korean by Ahn Kyong Hwan.
English – by Steve Bradbury, Tinfish Press

Older version – by Aileen Palmer


Spanish – [1] by Félix Pita Rodríguez
Romanian – by ro:Constantin Lupeanu
Russian – by Pavel Antokolsky


^ Duiker, William J. (2000). Ho Chi Minh: A Life. Hyperion. ISBN 978-0-7868-8701-9. 
^ [iMarx] Full translated – English subtitle-Interview President Ho Chi Minh – 1964. YouTube. 19 December 2011. 
^ Marr, David, Vietnam: State, War, and Revolution (1945–1946), 2013, University of California Press [2]
^ a b Phỏng vấn Vũ Kỳ – Thư ký của chủ tịch Hồ Chí Minh. YouTube. 10 August 2011. 
^ Vietnamese Wikipedia article on Huy Thuc
^ "Nghị quyết của Quốc hội nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam về việc chính thức đặt tên thành phố Sài Gòn – Gia Định là thành phố Hồ Chí Minh". wikisource.org. 
^ a b Marsh, Viv (6 June 2012). "Uncle Ho's legacy lives on in Vietnam". BBC News. Retrieved 2 December 2012. 
^ [3]
^ Trawicky, Bernard (30 April 2009). Anniversaries and Holidays. American Library Association. p. 84. ISBN 9780838910047. Retrieved 18 May 2017. 
^ (http://phapluatxahoi.vn/20120516074013759p1001c1015/tong-bi-thu-se-lam-truong-ban-chi-dao-phong-chong-tham-nhung.htm)
^ (http://www.universityworldnews.com/article.php?story=2013040414214828)
^ (http://www.radicalparty.org/it/node/5070797)
^ Dinh, Thuy. "The Writer's Life Stephen B. Young and Hoa Pham Young: Painting in Lacquer". The Zenith by Duong Thu Huong. Da Mau magazine. Retrieved 25 December 2013. 
^ Baker, Mark (15 August 2002). "Uncle Ho: a legend on the battlefield and in the boudoir". Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved 25 December 2013. 
^ a b "Great 'Uncle Ho' may have been a mere mortal". The Age. 15 August 2002. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ TIME Vol. 151 No. 14 (published 13 April 1998), visited 29 May 2017
^ Stanley Karnow, 13 April 1998, Ho Chi Minh, TIME
^ Interview with William Duiker on Hồ Chí Minh: A Life, 12 November 2000
^ Tuoi Tre News, Remembering Vietnam’s late President Ho Chi Minh in foreign countries, 27 January 2017
^ The places where President Ho Chi Minh lived and worked in Thailand, Vietnam Breaking News, 19 May 2017
^ "UNESCO. General Conference; 24th; Records of the General Conference, 24th session, Paris, 20 October to 20 November 1987, v. 1: Resolutions; 1988" (PDF). Retrieved 26 September 2009. 


Further reading[edit]
Essays

Bernard B. Fall, ed., 1967. Ho Chi Minh on Revolution and War, Selected Writings 1920–1966. New American Library.

Biography

William J. Duiker. 2000. Ho Chi Minh: A Life. Theia.
Jean Lacouture. 1968. Ho Chi Minh: A Political Biography. Random House.
Khắc Huyên. 1971. Vision Accomplished? The Enigma of Ho Chi Minh. The Macmillan Company.
David Halberstam. 1971. Ho. Rowman & Littlefield.
Hồ chí Minh toàn tập. NXB chính trị quốc gia
Sophie Quinn-Judge. 2003. Ho Chi Minh: The missing years. C. Hurst & Co. ISBN 1-85065-658-4
Tôn Thất Thiện, Was Ho Chi Minh a Nationalist? Ho Chi Minh and the Comintern Information and Resource Centre, Singapore, 1990

Việt Minh, NLF and the Democratic Republic of Vietnam

William J. Duiker. 1981. The Communist Road to Power in Vietnam. Westview Press.
Hoang Van Chi. 1964. From colonialism to communism. Praeger.
Trương Như Tảng. 1986. A Viet Cong Memoir. Vintage.

War in Vietnam

Frances FitzGerald. 1972. Fire in the Lake: The Vietnamese and the Americans in Vietnam. Little, Brown and Company.

American foreign policy

Henry A. Kissinger. 1979. White House Years. Little, Brown.
Richard Nixon. 1987. No More Vietnams. Arbor House Pub Co.

External links[edit]



Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Ho Chi Minh





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Ho Chi Minh





Wikimedia Commons has media related to:
Hồ Chí Minh (category)




Works by or about Ho Chi Minh at Internet Archive
The Drayton Court Hotel
Hồ Chí Minh obituary, The New York Times, 4 September 1969
TIME 100: Hồ Chí Minh
Ho Chi Minh selected writings
Hồ Chí Minh's biography
Satellite photo of the mausoleum on Google Maps
Final Tribute to Hồ from the Central Committee of the Vietnam Workers' Party
Bibliography: Writings by and about Hồ Chí Minh



Political offices


Preceded by
Bảo Đại
as Emperor
President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
2 September 1945 – 2 September 1969
Succeeded by
Tôn Đức Thắng


Preceded by
Trần Trọng Kim
as Prime Minister of the Empire of Vietnam
Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
2 September 1945 – 20 September 1955
Succeeded by
Phạm Văn Đồng


Party political offices


Preceded by
New title
Chairman of the Workers' Party of Vietnam
1951–1969
Succeeded by
None


Preceded by
Trường Chinh
First Secretary of the Workers' Party of Vietnam
1956–1960
Succeeded by
Lê Duẩn








v
t
e


Vietnamese independence movement



Events



Bombardment of Tourane
Siege of Saigon
Capture of the Citadel of Saigon
Conquest of Cochinchina
Ba Dinh uprising / Cần Vương
Pacification of Tonkin
Hanoi Poison Plot
World War I
1916 Cochinchina uprising
Thái Nguyên uprising
Bazin assassination
Yên Bái mutiny
Nghệ-Tĩnh Soviets
World War II
1940 Cochinchina uprising
Japanese coup d'état in French Indochina
August Revolution
Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
First Indochina War
Battle of Dien Bien Phu
Geneva Conference












Organisations



Cần Vương
Đông Du
Duy Tân hội
Empire of Vietnam
Nguyễn dynasty
Tonkin Free School
Việt Nam Quang Phục Hội
Vietnamese Revolutionary Youth League
Việt Nam Quốc Dân Đảng
Viet Minh
Communist Party of Vietnam





Revolutionaries



Cường Để
Đinh Công Tráng
Ho Chi Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng
Lương Văn Can
Ngô Đức Kế
Nguyễn An Ninh
Nguyễn Đình Chiểu
Nguyễn Quang Bích
Nguyễn Quyền
Nguyễn Thái Học
Nguyễn Thần Hiến
Nguyễn Thành
Nguyễn Thiện Thuật
Nguyễn Thượng Hiền
Nguyễn Trung Trực
Nguyen Xuan On
Phạm Bành
Phan Bội Châu
Phan Chu Trinh
Phan Đình Phùng
Phan Thanh Giản
Phan Xích Long
Tạ Thu Thâu
Tôn Thất Thuyết
Trần Cao Vân
Trương Định
Vũ Hồng Khanh





Emperors



Tự Đức
Hàm Nghi
Thành Thái
Duy Tân
Bảo Đại





French rulers



Albert Sarraut
Jean Decoux
French Indochina

Governor-General







Collaborators



Hoàng Cao Khải
Trần Bá Lộc












v
t
e


 Heads of state of Vietnam since 1945



Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945–76)





Hồ Chí Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng1
Tôn Đức Thắng





State of Vietnam (1949–55)




Bảo Đại
Ngô Đình Diệm1





Republic of Vietnam (1955–75)




Ngô Đình Diệm
Dương Văn Minh2
Nguyễn Khánh2
Provisional Leadership Committee3
Dương Văn Minh2
Phan Khắc Sửu2
Nguyễn Văn Thiệu2
Trần Văn Hương
Dương Văn Minh





Republic of South Vietnam (1969–76)




Nguyễn Hữu Thọ





Socialist Republic of Vietnam (1976–present)




Tôn Đức Thắng
Nguyễn Hữu Thọ1
Trường Chinh
Võ Chí Công
Lê Đức Anh
Trần Đức Lương
Nguyễn Minh Triết
Trương Tấn Sang
Trần Đại Quang








1acting
2military
3collective leadership












v
t
e


Heads of government of Vietnam since 1945



Empire of Vietnam (1945)



Trần Trọng Kim





Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945–76)




Hồ Chí Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng1
Phạm Văn Đồng





Autonomous Republic of Cochinchina (1946–49)



Nguyễn Văn Thinh
Lê Văn Hoạch
Nguyễn Văn Xuân





State of Vietnam (1949–55)



Bảo Đại
Nguyễn Phan Long
Trần Văn Hữu
Nguyễn Văn Tâm
Nguyễn Phúc Bửu Lộc
Ngô Đình Diệm





Republic of Vietnam (1955–75)



Nguyễn Ngọc Thơ
Nguyễn Khánh2
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh1
Nguyễn Khánh2
Trần Văn Hương
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh1
Phan Huy Quát
Nguyễn Cao Kỳ2
Nguyễn Văn Lộc
Trần Văn Hương
Trần Thiện Khiêm
Nguyễn Bá Cẩn
Vũ Văn Mẫu





Republic of South Vietnam (1969–76)




Huỳnh Tấn Phát





Socialist Republic of Vietnam (1976–present)




Phạm Văn Đồng
Phạm Hùng
Võ Văn Kiệt1
Đỗ Mười
Võ Văn Kiệt
Phan Văn Khải
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng
Nguyễn Xuân Phúc








1acting
2head of a military government












v
t
e


Heads of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam



Chairman (1951–69)



Hồ Chí Minh








General Secretaries (1930-present)



Trịnh Đình Cửu1
Trần Phú
Lê Hồng Phong
Hà Huy Tập
Nguyễn Văn Cừ
Trường Chinh
Hồ Chí Minh1
Lê Duẩn
Trường Chinh
Nguyễn Văn Linh
Đỗ Mười
Lê Khả Phiêu
Nông Đức Mạnh
Nguyễn Phú Trọng








1provisional












v
t
e


Cold War






USA
USSR
ANZUS
NATO
Non-Aligned Movement
SEATO
Warsaw Pact





1940s



Hukbalahap Rebellion
Dekemvriana
Yalta Conference
Guerrilla war in the Baltic states

Forest Brothers
Operation Priboi
Operation Jungle
Occupation of the Baltic states


Cursed soldiers
Operation Unthinkable
Potsdam Conference
Gouzenko Affair
Operation Masterdom
Operation Beleaguer
Operation Blacklist Forty
Iran crisis of 1946
Greek Civil War
Corfu Channel incident
Turkish Straits crisis
Restatement of Policy on Germany
First Indochina War
Truman Doctrine
Asian Relations Conference
Marshall Plan
1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état
Tito–Stalin Split
Berlin Blockade
Western betrayal
Iron Curtain
Eastern Bloc
Western Bloc
Chinese Civil War (Second round)
Malayan Emergency
Albanian Subversion





1950s



Bamboo Curtain
Korean War
1953 Iranian coup d'état
Uprising of 1953 in East Germany
1954 Guatemalan coup d'état
Partition of Vietnam
First Taiwan Strait Crisis
Geneva Summit (1955)
Poznań 1956 protests
Hungarian Revolution of 1956
Suez Crisis
Syrian Crisis of 1957
Sputnik crisis
Second Taiwan Strait Crisis
Cuban Revolution
Kitchen Debate
Bandung Conference
Bricker Amendment
McCarthyism
Operation Gladio
Iraqi July Revolution
"We will bury you"





1960s



Congo Crisis
Sino-Soviet split
1960 U-2 incident
Bay of Pigs Invasion
1960 Turkish coup d'état
Soviet–Albanian split
Berlin Wall
Portuguese Colonial War

Angolan War of Independence
Guinea-Bissau War of Independence
Mozambican War of Independence


Cuban Missile Crisis
Sino-Indian War
Communist insurgency in Sarawak
Iraqi Ramadan Revolution
1963 Syrian coup d'état
Vietnam War
1964 Brazilian coup d'état
United States occupation of the Dominican Republic (1965–66)
South African Border War
Transition to the New Order
Domino theory
ASEAN Declaration
Laotian Civil War
1966 Syrian coup d'état
Argentine Revolution
Korean DMZ Conflict
Greek military junta of 1967–74
USS Pueblo incident
Six-Day War
War of Attrition
Dhofar Rebellion
Protests of 1968
French May
Cultural Revolution
Prague Spring
Communist insurgency in Malaysia
Invasion of Czechoslovakia
Iraqi Ba'athist Revolution
Goulash Communism
Sino-Soviet border conflict
CPP–NPA–NDF rebellion
Corrective Move





1970s



Détente
Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty
Black September in Jordan
Corrective Movement (Syria)
Cambodian Civil War
Realpolitik
Ping-pong diplomacy
1971 Turkish military memorandum
Corrective Revolution (Egypt)
Four Power Agreement on Berlin
Bangladesh Liberation War
1972 Nixon visit to China
North Yemen-South Yemen Border Conflict
1973 Chilean coup d'état
Yom Kippur War
Carnation Revolution
Strategic Arms Limitation Talks
Rhodesian Bush War
Angolan Civil War
Mozambican Civil War
Ogaden War
Ethiopian Civil War
Lebanese Civil War
Sino-Albanian split
Cambodian–Vietnamese War
Sino-Vietnamese War
Iranian Revolution
Operation Condor
Dirty War
Korean Air Lines Flight 902
Saur Revolution
New Jewel Movement
1979 Herat uprising
Seven Days to the River Rhine
Struggle against political abuse of psychiatry in the Soviet Union





1980s



Soviet–Afghan War
1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics boycotts
1980 Turkish coup d'état
Invasion of Grenada
1986 Black Sea incident
1988 Black Sea bumping incident
Solidarity

Soviet reaction


Contras
Central American crisis
RYAN
Korean Air Lines Flight 007
Able Archer 83
Star Wars
People Power Revolution
Nagorno-Karabakh War
Tiananmen Square protests of 1989
Fall of the Berlin Wall
Revolutions of 1989
Glasnost
Perestroika





1990s



Mongolian Revolution of 1990
German reunification
Yemeni unification
Fall of communism in Albania
Breakup of Yugoslavia
Dissolution of the Soviet Union
Dissolution of Czechoslovakia





Frozen conflicts



Abkhazia
China
Korea
Nagorno-Karabakh
South Ossetia
Transnistria
Sino-Indian border dispute
North Borneo dispute





Foreign policy



Truman Doctrine
Containment
Eisenhower Doctrine
Domino theory
Hallstein Doctrine
Kennedy Doctrine
Peaceful coexistence
Ostpolitik
Johnson Doctrine
Brezhnev Doctrine
Nixon Doctrine
Ulbricht Doctrine
Carter Doctrine
Reagan Doctrine
Rollback
Sovereignty of Puerto Rico during the Cold War





Ideologies



Capitalism

Chicago school
Keynesianism
Monetarism
Neoclassical economics
Reaganomics
Supply-side economics
Thatcherism
CIA and the Cultural Cold War




Communism

Marxism–Leninism
Castroism
Eurocommunism
Guevarism
Hoxhaism
Juche
Maoism
Naxalism
Stalinism
Titoism




Liberal democracy
Social democracy
White supremacy





Organizations



ASEAN
CIA
Comecon
EEC
KGB
Non-Aligned Movement
SAARC
Safari Club
MI6
Stasi





Propaganda



Active measures
Izvestia
Pravda
Crusade for Freedom
Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty
Red Scare
TASS
Voice of America
Voice of Russia





Races



Arms race
Nuclear arms race
Space Race





See also



Brinkmanship
NATO–Russia relations
Soviet espionage in the United States
Russian espionage in the United States
American espionage in the Soviet Union
Soviet Union–United States relations
US–Soviet summits
Cold War II








Category
Portal
Timeline
List of conflicts








Communism portal
Socialism portal
Politics portal
Literature portal
Cold War portal
Asia portal
Vietnam portal
Biography portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 39391273
LCCN: n80126088
GND: 11855168X
SUDOC: 028429591
BNF: cb120266704 (data)
NDL: 00443451










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ho_Chi_Minh&oldid=791849487"					
Categories: Ho Chi Minh1890 births1969 deathsAnti-RevisionistsBandung Conference attendeesCommunist Party of Vietnam politiciansCommunist rulersGeneral Secretaries of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of VietnamMembers of the Politburo of the Communist Party of VietnamNorth VietnamPeople from Nghe An ProvincePeople of the First Indochina WarPresidents of VietnamPrime Ministers of VietnamRecipients of the Order of LeninViet Minh membersVietnamese communistsVietnamese expatriates in ChinaVietnamese expatriates in FranceVietnamese expatriates in Hong KongVietnamese expatriates in the Soviet UnionVietnamese nationalistsVietnamese people of the Vietnam War20th-century Vietnamese poetsWorld War II resistance membersGovernment ministers of VietnamForeign ministersVietnamese male poetsHidden categories: CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse dmy dates from March 2013Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueArticles containing Vietnamese-language textArticles with hAudio microformatsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego贛語گیلکیગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLadinoلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаसंस्कृतम्ScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言Winaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ho Chi Minh - Wikipedia






















 






Ho Chi Minh

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Ho Chi Minh (disambiguation).


Ho Chi Minh


Hồ Chí Minh



Portrait c. 1946






Chairman of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Vietnam


In office
19 February 1951 – 2 September 1969


Preceded by
Position created


Succeeded by
Position abolished


First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Vietnam


In office
1 November 1956 – 10 September 1960


Preceded by
Trường Chinh


Succeeded by
Lê Duẩn


1st President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


In office
2 September 1945 – 2 September 1969


Preceded by
Position established
Bảo Đại (as Emperor)


Succeeded by
Tôn Đức Thắng


1st Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


In office
2 September 1945 – 20 September 1955


Preceded by
Position established
Trần Trọng Kim (as Prime Minister of the Empire of Vietnam)


Succeeded by
Phạm Văn Đồng


Minister of Foreign Affairs


In office
28 August 1945 – 2 March 1946


Preceded by
Position established


Succeeded by
Nguyễn Tường Tam


In office
3 November 1946 – March 1947


Preceded by
Nguyễn Tường Tam


Succeeded by
Hoàng Minh Giám


Member of the Politburo


In office
31 March 1935 – 2 September 1969





Personal details


Born
Nguyễn Sinh Cung
(1890-05-19)19 May 1890
Kim Liên, Nghệ An Province, French Indochina


Died
2 September 1969(1969-09-02) (aged 79)
Hanoi, North Vietnam


Nationality



Vietnamese
French





Political party
French Section of the Workers' International
(1919–1921)
French Communist Party
(1921–1925)
Communist Party of Vietnam
(1925–1969)


Spouse(s)
none (disputed)


Relations
Bạch Liên (or Nguyễn Thị Thanh) (Sister)
Nguyễn Sinh Khiêm (or Nguyễn Tất Đạt) (brother)
(Nguyễn Sinh Nhuận) (brother)


Parents
Nguyễn Sinh Sắc (father)
Hoàng Thị Loan (mother)


Alma mater
Communist University of the Toilers of the East


Profession
Politician


Signature





Vietnamese name


Vietnamese
Hồ Chí Minh


Hán-Nôm
胡志明




Vietnamese birth name


Vietnamese
Nguyễn Sinh Cung


Hán-Nôm
阮生恭


Hồ Chí Minh (/ˈhoʊ ˈtʃiː ˈmɪn/;[1] Vietnamese: [hò tɕǐ mīɲ] ( listen), Saigon: [hò tɕǐ mɨ̄n] ( listen); Chữ nôm: 胡志明; 19 May 1890 – 2 September 1969), born Nguyễn Sinh Cung,[2][3][4] also known as Nguyễn Tất Thành and Nguyễn Ái Quốc, was a Vietnamese Communist revolutionary leader who was Chairman and First secretary of the Workers' Party of Vietnam. Hồ was also prime minister (1945–55) and president (1945–69) of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (North Vietnam). He was a key figure in the foundation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945, as well as the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and the Việt Cộng (NLF or VC) during the Vietnam War.
He led the Việt Minh independence movement from 1941 onward, establishing the Communist-ruled Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945 and defeating the French Union in 1954 at the battle of Điện Biên Phủ. He officially stepped down from power in 1965 due to health problems, but remained a highly respected inspiration for those Vietnamese fighting for his cause—a united, communist Vietnam—until his death. After the war, Saigon, the former capital of the Republic of Vietnam, was renamed Hồ Chí Minh City.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 First sojourn in France
1.2 In the United States
1.3 In the United Kingdom


2 Political education in France
3 In the Soviet Union and China
4 Independence movement

4.1 Birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam


5 Becoming president and Vietnam War
6 Personal life
7 Death
8 Legacy and personality cult
9 International influence
10 Notes
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early life[edit]
Ho Chi Minh was born Nguyễn Sinh Cung (as appeared in a letter from the director of Collège Quốc học, dated 7 August 1908),[2][3][4] in 1890 in the village of Hoàng Trù (the name of the local temple near Làng Sen), his mother's village. From 1895, he grew up in his father Nguyễn Sinh Sắc (Nguyễn Sinh Huy)'s village of Làng Sen, Kim Liên, Nam Đàn, Nghệ An Province. He had three siblings: his sister Bạch Liên (or Nguyễn Thị Thanh), a clerk in the French Army; his brother Nguyễn Sinh Khiêm (or Nguyễn Tất Đạt), a geomancer and traditional herbalist; and another brother (Nguyễn Sinh Nhuận) who died in his infancy. As a young child, Cung studied with his father before more formal classes with a scholar named Vuong Thuc Do. Cung quickly mastered Chinese writing, a prerequisite for any serious study of Confucianism, while honing his colloquial Vietnamese writing.[5]:21 In addition to his studious endeavors, he was fond of adventure, and loved to fly kites and go fishing.[5]:21 Following Confucian tradition, at the age of 10, his father gave him a new name: Nguyễn Tất Thành ("Nguyễn the Accomplished").
Thành's father was a Confucian scholar and teacher, and later an imperial magistrate in the small remote district of Binh Khe (Qui Nhơn). He was demoted for abuse of power after an influential local figure died several days after having received 102 strokes of the cane as punishment for an infraction.[5]:21Thành's father was eligible to serve in the imperial bureaucracy but refused because it meant serving the French.[6] This exposed Thành to rebellion at a young age and seemed to be the norm for the province where Thành came of age. The province was known for its resistance to foreign rule. In deference to his father, Thành received a French education, attended lycée in Huế, the alma mater of his later disciples, Phạm Văn Đồng and Võ Nguyên Giáp and his later enemy, Ngô Đình Diệm.
First sojourn in France[edit]
Previously, it was believed that Thành was involved in an anti-slavery (anti-corvée) demonstration of poor peasants in Huế in May 1908, which endangered his student status at Collège Quốc học. However, a document from the Centre des archives d'Outre-mer in France shows that he was admitted to Collège Quốc học on 8 August 1908, which was several months after the anti-corvée demonstration (9–13 April 1908).[3] The exaggeration of revolutionary credentials was common among Vietnamese communist leaders, as shown in Tôn Đức Thắng's falsified participation in the 1919 Black Sea revolt. Later in life, Hồ would claim the 1908 revolt had been the moment when his revolutionary outlook emerged, but his application to the French Colonial Administrative School in 1911 undermines this version of events. He chose to leave school in order to find a chance to go abroad. Because his father had been dismissed, he no longer had any hope for a governmental scholarship and went southward, taking a position at Dục Thanh school in Phan Thiết for about six months, then traveled to Saigon.
Thành worked as a kitchen helper on a French steamer, the Amirale de Latouche-Tréville, while using the alias "Văn Ba". The steamer departed on 5 June 1911 and arrived in Marseille, France on 5 July 1911. The ship then left for Le Havre and Dunkirk, returning to Marseille in mid-September. There he applied for the French Colonial Administrative School but his application was rejected. Instead, he decided to begin traveling the world by working on ships and visited many countries from 1911 to 1917.
In the United States[edit]
In 1912, while working as the cook's helper on a ship, Thành traveled to the United States. From 1912–13, he may have lived in New York City (Harlem) and Boston, where he claimed to have worked as a baker at the Parker House Hotel. The only evidence that Thành was in the United States is a letter to French colonial administrators dated 15 December 1912 and postmarked New York City (but he gave as his address Poste Restante in Le Havre and stated that he was a sailor) [7]:20 and a postcard to Phan Chu Trinh in Paris where he mentioned working at the Parker House Hotel. Inquiries to the Parker House management revealed no records of his ever having worked there.[5]:51 Among a series of menial jobs, he claimed to have worked for a wealthy family in Brooklyn between 1917–18, and for General Motors as a line manager.[8]:46 It is believed that while in the United States, he made contact with Korean nationalists, an experience that developed his political outlook, but Sophie Quinn-Judge admits that this is "in the realm of conjecture".[7]:20
In the United Kingdom[edit]
At various points between 1913 and 1919, Thành claimed to have lived in West Ealing, and later in Crouch End, Hornsey. He reportedly worked as either a chef or dish washer (reports vary) at the Drayton Court Hotel in West Ealing.[9] It is claimed that he trained as a pastry chef under Auguste Escoffier at the Carlton Hotel in the Haymarket, Westminster, but there is no evidence to support this.[7]:25 [10] However, the wall of New Zealand House, home of the New Zealand High Commission, which now stands on the site of the Carlton Hotel, displays a blue plaque, stating that Hồ Chí Minh worked there in 1913. Thành was also employed as a pastry boy on the Newhaven–Dieppe ferry route in 1913.[11]
Political education in France[edit]




Ho Chi Minh, 1921


From 1919 to 1923, while living in France, Thành began to show an interest in politics, being influenced by his friend and Socialist Party of France comrade Marcel Cachin. Thành claimed to have arrived in Paris from London in 1917, but the French police only had documents recording his arrival in June 1919.[7] He joined a group of Vietnamese nationalists in Paris whose leaders were Phan Chu Trinh, Phan Văn Trường, and Nguyễn Thế Truyền. They had been publishing newspaper articles advocating for Vietnamese independence under the pseudonym Nguyễn Ái Quốc ("Nguyễn the Patriot") prior to the arrival of Nguyễn Tất Thành in Paris in 1919.[12]
Following World War I, the group petitioned for recognition of the civil rights of the Vietnamese people in French Indochina to the Western powers at the Versailles peace talks, but was ignored.[13] Citing the principle of self-determination outlined prior to the peace accords, they requested the allied powers to end French colonial rule of Vietnam and ensure the formation of an independent government. Prior to the conference, the group sent their letter to allied leaders, including Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau and U.S. President Woodrow Wilson. They were unable to obtain consideration at Versailles, but the episode would later help establish Nguyễn Ái Quốc as a symbol of the anti-colonial movement at home in Vietnam.[14] Since Nguyễn Tất Thành was the public face behind the publication of the document (although it was written by Phan Văn Trường),[15] he soon became known as Nguyễn Ái Quốc and first used the name in September during an interview with a Chinese newspaper correspondent.[5]




A plaque in Compoint Lane, District 17, Paris indicates where Ho Chi Minh lived from 1921-1923


Many authors have speculated that 1919 was a lost "Wilsonian moment" when the future Hồ Chí Minh could have adopted a pro-American and less radical position if only President Wilson had received him. However, the available evidence shows that at the time of the Versailles Conference he was committed to a Socialist program. While the conference was ongoing, Nguyễn Ái Quốc was already delivering speeches on the prospects of Bolshevism in Asia and was attempting to persuade French Socialists to join Vladimir Lenin's Third Communist International.[16]
In December 1920, Quốc officially became a representative to the Congress of Tours of the Socialist Party of France, voted for the Third International and was a founding member of the Parti Communiste Français (FCP). Taking a position in the Colonial Committee of the PCF, he tried to draw his comrades' attention towards people in French colonies including Indochina, but his efforts were often unsuccessful. During this period he began to write journal articles and short stories as well as running his Vietnamese nationalist group. In May 1922, Quốc wrote an article for a French magazine criticizing the use of English words by French sportswriters.[17]:21 The article implored Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré to outlaw such Franglais as le manager, le round and le knock-out. While living in Paris, he reportedly had a relationship with a dressmaker named Marie Brière.
In the Soviet Union and China[edit]


Part of a series on


Marxism–Leninism







Concepts


Anti-imperialism
Anti-revisionism
Commanding heights of the economy
Communist society
Communist state
Democratic centralism
Economic planning
Marxist–Leninist atheism
One-party state
People's democracy
Popular front
Proletarian internationalism
Socialist patriotism
Socialist state
Theory of the productive forces
Third Period
Vanguardism








Variants


Guevarism
Ho Chi Minh Thought
Hoxhaism
Husakism
Kadarism
Khrushchevism
Maoism
Marxism–Leninism–Maoism
Prachanda Path
Titoism
Stalinism








People


Joseph Stalin
Ernst Thälmann
Earl Browder
Gonchigiin Bumtsend
Mao Zedong
Abimael Guzmán
José Díaz
Josip Broz Tito
Enver Hoxha
Palmiro Togliatti
Nikita Khrushchev
Fidel Castro
Che Guevara
Ho Chi Minh
Deng Xiaoping
Mathieu Kérékou
Agostinho Neto
Samora Machel
Thomas Sankara
Alfonso Cano








Literature


Wage Labour and Capital
Materialism and Empirio-criticism
Imperialism  (Lenin)
What Is to Be Done?
The State and Revolution

Dialectical and
Historical Materialism

Guerrilla Warfare

Fundamentals of
Marxism–Leninism









History


October Revolution
Soviet Union
Comintern
Hungarian Soviet Republic
Spanish Civil War
World War II
Warsaw Pact
Greek Civil War
Chinese Revolution
Korean War
Cuban Revolution
De-Stalinization
Non-Aligned Movement
Sino-Soviet split
Vietnam War
Portuguese Colonial War
Black Power movement
Nicaraguan Revolution
Nepalese Civil War
Naxalite insurgency
Internal conflict in Peru








Related topics


Bolshevism
Marxism
Leninism
Trotskyism








Communism portal
Socialism portal
Politics portal







v
t
e





In 1923, Quốc left Paris for Moscow carrying a passport with the name Chen Vang, a Chinese merchant,[5]:86 where he was employed by the Comintern, studied at the Communist University of the Toilers of the East,[5]:92[18] and participated in the Fifth Comintern Congress in June 1924, before arriving in Canton (present-day Guangzhou), China, in November 1924 using the name Ly Thuy.

External video

 Booknotes interview with William Duiker on Hồ Chí Minh: A Life, 12 November 2000, C-SPAN


In 1925–26, Quốc organized "Youth Education Classes" and occasionally gave socialist lectures to Vietnamese revolutionary young people living in Canton at the Whampoa Military Academy. These young people would become the seeds of a new revolutionary, pro-communist movement in Vietnam several years later. According to William Duiker, he lived with and married a Chinese woman, Zeng Xueming (Tăng Tuyết Minh), on 18 October 1926.[19] When his comrades objected to the match, he told them: "I will get married despite your disapproval because I need a woman to teach me the language and keep house."[19] She was 21 and he was 36.[19] They married in the same place where Zhou Enlai had married earlier, and then lived in the residence of a Comintern agent, Mikhail Borodin.[19]
Hoàng Văn Chí argued that in June 1925, Hồ betrayed Phan Bội Châu, the famous leader of a rival revolutionary faction and his father's old friend, to French Secret Service agents in Shanghai for 100,000 piastres.[20] A source states that Hồ later claimed he did it because he expected Châu's trial to stir up anti-French sentiment, and because he needed the money to establish a communist organization.[20] In Ho Chi Minh: A Life, William Duiker considered but rejected this hypothesis.[5]:126–128 Other sources claim that Nguyễn Thượng Hiền was responsible for Chau's capture. Chau, sentenced to lifetime house arrest, never denounced Quốc.
Chiang Kai-shek's 1927 anti-communist coup triggered a new era of exile for Quốc. He left Canton again in April 1927 and returned to Moscow, spending some of the summer of 1927 recuperating from tuberculosis in the Crimea, before returning to Paris once more in November. He then returned to Asia by way of Brussels, Berlin, Switzerland, and Italy, where he sailed to Bangkok, Thailand, arriving in July 1928. "Although we have been separated for almost a year, our feelings for each other do not have to be said in order to be felt", he reassured Minh in an intercepted letter.[19] In this period, he served as a senior agent undertaking Comintern activities in Southeast Asia.
Quốc remained in Thailand, staying in the Thai village of Nachok,[17] :44 and xiii until late 1929 when he moved on to India, then Shanghai. In early 1930, in Hong Kong, he chaired a meeting with representatives from two Vietnamese communist parties in order to merge them into a unified organization, Communist Party of Vietnam. In June 1931, he was arrested in Hong Kong. To reduce French pressure for extradition, it was (falsely) announced in 1932 that Quốc had died.[17]: 57–58 The British quietly released him in January 1933. He moved to the Soviet Union and in Moscow studied and taught at the Lenin Institute.[21] During those years he was also recovering from tuberculosis[citation needed]. It is said that in this period he lost his positions in the Comintern because of a concern that he had betrayed the organization. His influence among his Vietnamese comrades faded significantly.
In 1938, Quốc was allowed to return to China and served as an advisor to the Chinese Communist armed forces, which later forced China's government into exile on Taiwan.[7] Around 1940, Quốc began regularly using the name "Hồ Chí Minh",[7] a Vietnamese name combining a common Vietnamese surname (Hồ, 胡) with a given name meaning "He Who has been enlightened" (from Sino-Vietnamese 志 明: Chí meaning 'will' (or spirit) and Minh meaning "bright").[5]:248–49
Independence movement[edit]
In 1941, Ho returned to Vietnam to lead the Viet Minh independence movement. The Japanese occupation of Indochina that year, the first step toward invasion of the rest of Southeast Asia, created an opportunity for patriotic Vietnamese.[6] The "men in black" were a 10,000 member guerrilla force that operated with the Viet Minh.[22] He oversaw many successful military actions against the Vichy French and Japanese occupation of Vietnam during World War II, supported closely but clandestinely by the United States Office of Strategic Services, and later against the French bid to reoccupy the country (1946–54). He was jailed in China by Chiang Kai-shek's local authorities before being rescued by Chinese Communists.[17]:198 Following his release in 1943, he returned to Vietnam.




Ho Chi Minh (fifth from left, standing) with the OSS in 1945


In April 1945, Ho met with the OSS agent Archimedes Patti and offered to provide intelligence to the allies provided that he could have "a line of communication with the allies."[23] The OSS agreed to this and later sent a military team of OSS members to train Ho's men and Ho himself was treated for malaria and dysentery by an OSS doctor.[24]
Following the August Revolution (1945) organized by the Viet Minh, Ho became Chairman of the Provisional Government (Premier of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam) and issued a Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam.[25] Although he convinced Emperor Bảo Đại to abdicate, his government was not recognized by any country. He repeatedly petitioned American President Harry S. Truman for support for Vietnamese independence,[26] citing the Atlantic Charter, but Truman never responded.[27]
Several sources relate how,[28] during a power struggle in 1945, the Viet Minh killed members of rival groups, such as the leader of the Constitutional Party, Bui Quang Chieu, the head of the Party for Independence, and Ngo Dinh Diem's brother, Ngo Dinh Khoi.[29] Ho, when asked by a reporter about the murder of Ta Thu Thau, a leading Trotskyist and personal friend, answered matter-of-factly, "Anyone who does not follow the line determined by me will be smashed."[30][31]
In 1946, future Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion and Ho became acquainted when they stayed at the same hotel in Paris.[32][33] Ho offered Ben-Gurion a Jewish home-in-exile in Vietnam.[32][33] Ben-Gurion declined, telling Ho: "I am certain we shall be able to establish a Jewish Government in Palestine."[32][33]
In 1946, when Ho traveled outside of the country, his subordinates imprisoned 2,500 non-communist nationalists and forced 6,000 others to flee.[34] Hundreds of political opponents were jailed or exiled in July 1946, notably members of the National Party of Vietnam and the Dai Viet National Party, after a failed attempt to raise a coup against the Vietminh government.[35][36] All rival political parties were hereafter banned and local governments were purged[37] to minimize opposition later on. However, it was noted that the Democratic Republic of Vietnam's first Congress had over two-third of its members come from non-Viet Minh political factions, some without election. NPV party leader Nguyễn Hải Thần was named Vice President.[38] They also held four out of ten ministerial positions.[39]
Birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam[edit]
On 2 September 1945, following Emperor Bảo Đại's abdication, Ho read the Declaration of Independence of Vietnam,[40] under the name of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. In Saigon, with violence between rival Vietnamese factions and French forces increasing, the British commander, General Sir Douglas Gracey, declared martial law. On 24 September, the Viet Minh leaders responded with a call for a general strike.[41]
In September 1945, a force of 200,000 Republic of China Army troops arrived in Hanoi to accept the surrender of the Japanese occupiers in northern Indochina. Ho made a compromise with their general, Lu Han, to dissolve the Communist Party and to hold an election which would yield a coalition government. When Chiang forced the French to give the French concessions in Shanghai back to China in exchange for withdrawing from northern Indochina, Ho had no choice but to sign an agreement with France on 6 March 1946, in which Vietnam would be recognized as an autonomous state in the Indochinese Federation and the French Union. The agreement soon broke down. The purpose of the agreement, for both the French and Vietminh, was for Chiang's army to leave North Vietnam. Fighting broke out in the North soon after the Chinese left.
Historian Professor Liam Kelley of the University of Hawaii at Manoa on his Le Minh Khai's SEAsian History Blog challenged the authenticity of the alleged quote where Hồ Chí Minh said he would rather sniff French shit than eat Chinese shit, noting that Stanley Karnow provided no source for the extended quote attributed to Ho in his 1983 Vietnam: A History, and that the original quote was most likely forged by the Frenchman Paul Mus in his 1952 book Viêt-Nam: Sociologie d’une Guerre, Mus was a supporter of French colonialism in Vietnam and Ho knew that there was no danger of Chinese troops staying in Vietnam, and in fact the Vietnamese at the time were busy spreading anti-French propaganda as evidence of French atrocities in Vietnam emerged, while Ho showed no qualms about accepting Chinese aid after 1949.[42][43]




Hồ Chí Minh (right) with Võ Nguyên Giáp (left) in Hanoi, 1945


The Viet Minh then collaborated with French colonial forces to massacre supporters of the Vietnamese nationalist movements in 1945-6.[44] The Communists eventually suppressed all non-Communist parties but failed to secure a peace deal with France. In the final days of 1946, after a year of diplomatic failure and many concessions in agreements such as the Dalat and Fontainebleau conferences, the Democratic Republic of Vietnam government found that war was inevitable. The bombardment of Haiphong by French forces at Hanoi only strengthened the belief that France had no intention of allowing an autonomous, independent state in Vietnam. On 19 December 1946, Ho, representing his government, declared war against the French Union, marking the beginning of the Indochina War.[45] The Vietnam National Army, by then mostly armed with machetes and muskets immediately attacked, waging assault against French positions, smoking them out with straw bundled with chili pepper, destroying armored vehicles with "lunge mines" (a hollow-charge warhead on the end of a pole, detonated by thrusting the charge against the side of a tank; typically a suicide weapon[46]) and Molotov cocktails, holding off attackers by using roadblocks, landmines and gravel. After two months of fighting, the exhausted Viet Minh forces withdrew after systematically destroying any valuable infrastructure. Ho was reported to be captured by a group of French soldiers led by Jean-Étienne Valluy at Việt Bắc in Operation Lea. The person in question turned out to be a Viet Minh advisor, who was later killed trying to escape. According to journalist Bernard Fall, after fighting the French for several years, Ho decided to negotiate a truce. The French negotiators arrived at the meeting site: a mud hut with a thatched roof. Inside they found a long table with chairs and were surprised to discover in one corner of the room a silver ice bucket containing ice and a bottle of good Champagne which should have indicated that Ho expected the negotiations to succeed. One demand by the French was the return to French custody of a number of Japanese military officers (who had been helping the Vietnamese armed forces by training them in the use of weapons of Japanese origin), in order for them to stand trial for war crimes committed during World War II. Ho replied that the Japanese officers were allies and friends whom he could not betray. Then he walked out, to seven more years of war.[47]
In February 1950, after the successful removal of the French border's blockade,[48] Ho met with Stalin and Mao Zedong in Moscow after the Soviet Union recognized his government. They all agreed that China would be responsible for backing the Viet Minh.[49] Mao's emissary to Moscow stated in August that China planned to train 60,000–70,000 Viet Minh in the near future.[50] The road to the outside world was open for Viet Minh forces to receive additional supplies which would allow them to escalate the fight against the French regime throughout Indochina. In 1954, after the crushing defeat of French Union forces at Battle of Dien Bien Phu, France was forced to give up its fight against the Viet Minh. The Viet Minh murdered between 100,000 and 150,000 civilians during the war.[51]
Becoming president and Vietnam War[edit]




Effigies of "Charles DeGaulle and Hồ Chí Minh are hanged" by Students demonstration in Saigon, July 1964, observing the tenth anniversary of the July 1954 Geneva Agreements


The 1954 Geneva Accords concluded between France and the Viet Minh, allowing the latter's forces to regroup in the North whilst anti-communist groups settled in the South. Ho's Democratic Republic of Vietnam relocated to Hanoi and became the government of North Vietnam, a communist-led one-party state.
Following the Geneva Accords, there was to be a 300-day period in which people could freely move between the two regions of Vietnam, later known as South Vietnam and North Vietnam. More than 1 million North Vietnamese people fled to the South. A much smaller number moved North.[52] It is estimated that as many as two million more would have left had they not been stopped by the Viet Minh.[53]
All the parties at Geneva called for reunification elections, but could not agree on the details. Recently appointed Viet Minh acting foreign minister Pham Van Dong proposed elections under the supervision of "local commissions". The US, with the support of Britain and the Associated States of Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia, suggested UN supervision. This plan was rejected by Soviet representative Vyacheslav Molotov, who argued for a commission composed of an equal number of communist and non-communist members, which could determine "important" issues only by unanimous agreement.[54] The negotiators were unable to agree on a date for the elections for reunification. The DRV argued that the elections should be held within 6 months of the ceasefire, while the Western allies sought to have no deadline. Molotov proposed June 1955, then later softened this to any time in 1955 and finally July 1956.[55]:610 The Diem government supported reunification elections, but only with effective international supervision, arguing that genuinely free elections were impossible in the totalitarian North.[56] By the afternoon of 20 July the remaining outstanding issues were resolved as the parties agreed that the partition line should be at the 17th parallel and that the elections for reunification should be in July 1956, two years after the ceasefire.[55]:604 The "Agreement on the Cessation of Hostilities in Vietnam" was signed only by French and Viet Minh military commands, completely bypassing the State of Vietnam.[57] Based on a proposal by Chinese delegation head Zhou Enlai, an International Control Commission (ICC) chaired by India, with Canada and Poland as members, was placed in charge of supervising the ceasefire.[55]:603[58] Because issues were to be decided unanimously, Poland's presence in the ICC provided the communists effective veto power over supervision of the treaty.[59] The unsigned "Final Declaration of the Geneva Conference" called for reunification elections, which the majority of delegates expected to be supervised by the ICC. The Viet Minh never accepted ICC authority over such elections, stating that the ICC's "competence was to be limited to the supervision and control of the implementation of the Agreement on the Cessation of Hostilities by both parties."[60] Of the nine nations represented, only the United States and the State of Vietnam refused to accept the declaration. U.S. undersecretary of state Walter Bedell Smith delivered a "unilateral declaration" of the US position, reiterating: "We shall seek to achieve unity through free elections supervised by the United Nations to insure that they are conducted fairly."[61]




Ho Chi Minh with East German sailors in Stralsund harbour during his 1957 visit to East Germany






Ho Chi Minh with members of the East German Young Pioneers near Berlin, 1957


Between 1953 and 1956, the North Vietnamese government instituted various agrarian reforms, including "rent reduction" and "land reform", which resulted in significant political oppression. During the land reform, testimony from North Vietnamese witnesses suggested a ratio of one execution for every 160 village residents, which extrapolated nationwide would indicate nearly 100,000 executions. Because the campaign was concentrated mainly in the Red River Delta area, a lower estimate of 50,000 executions became widely accepted by scholars at the time.[62][63][64][65] However, declassified documents from the Vietnamese and Hungarian archives indicate that the number of executions was much lower than reported at the time, although likely greater than 13,500.[66]
At the end of 1959, Lê Duẩn was appointed by Ho to be the acting party leader, after becoming aware that the nationwide election would never happen and Diem's intention to purge out all opposing forces (mostly ex-Viet Minh). Ho began requesting the Politburo to send aid to the Viet Cong's uprising in South Vietnam. This was considered by Western analyzers as a loss of power by Ho, who is said to have preferred the more moderate Giap for the position.[67] North Vietnam invaded Laos in 1959 aided by the Pathet Lao, and used 30,000 men to build invasion and supply routes through Laos known as the Ho Chi Minh trail,[68] which allowed the North to send troops and aid to the Vietcong through Laos and Cambodia, thus escalating the war and tipping the balance, turning it to their favor.[69] Duan was officially named party leader in 1960, leaving Ho a public figure rather than actually governing the country. Ho maintained much influence in the government, Tố Hữu, Lê Duẩn, Trường Chinh, and Phạm Văn Đồng would often share dinner with him, and later all of them remained key figures of Vietnam throughout and after the war. In 1963, Ho purportedly corresponded with South Vietnamese President Diem in the hopes of achieving a negotiated peace.[17]:174
In late 1964, PAVN combat troops were sent southwest into officially neutral Laos and Cambodia.[70] According to Chen Jian, during the mid-to-late 1960s, Le Duan permitted 320,000 Chinese volunteers into North Vietnam to help build infrastructure for the country, thereby freeing a similar number of PAVN personnel to go south.[71] However, there are no sources from Vietnam, US or the USSR confirming the number of Chinese troops stationed in Northern Vietnam. By early 1965, U.S. combat troops began arriving in South Vietnam, first to protect the airbases around Chu Lai and Da Nang, later to take on most of the fight, as "More and more American troops were put in to replace Saigon troops who could not, or would not, get involved in the fighting".[72]




Hồ Chí Minh meeting a North Vietnamese circus troupe after their performance at the Presidential Palace, Hanoi, 1967.


As fighting escalated, widespread aerial and artillery bombardment all over North Vietnam by the U.S. Air Force and Navy begin with Operation Rolling Thunder. In July 1967, Ho and most of the Politburo of Workers Party of Vietnam met in a high-profile conference where they all concluded the war had fallen into a stalemate, since the United States Army presence forced the People's Army of Vietnam to expend the majority of their resources maintaining the Ho Chi Minh trail instead of reinforcing their comrade's ranks in the South. With Ho's permission, the Viet Cong planned to execute the Tet Offensive to begin on 31 January 1968, gambling on taking the South by force and defeating the U.S. military. The offensive came at great cost and with heavy casualties on NLF's political branches and armed forces. It appeared to Ho and to the rest of his government that the scope of the action had shocked the world, which had up until then been assured that the Communists were "on the ropes". The overly positive spin that the U.S. military had been attempting to achieve for years came crashing down. The bombing of Northern Vietnam and Ho Chi Minh trail was halted, and U.S and Vietnamese negotiators began to discuss how to end the war. From then on, Ho and his government's strategy, based on the idea of "avoiding conventional warfare and facing the might of the U.S. Army, which would wear them down eventually, while merely prolonging the conflict would lead to eventual acceptance of Hanoi's terms" materialized.
Personal life[edit]




Hồ Chí Minh watching a football game in his favourite fashion. His closest comrade – Prime Minister Phạm Văn Đồng is the person sitting next to him on the right corner.


Other than a politician, Ho was also a writer, journalist, poet and polyglot. His father was a scholar and teacher, who received a high degree in the Nguyễn dynasty Imperial examination; Ho was taught to master Classical Chinese at a young age. Before the August Revolution, he often wrote poetry in Chữ Hán (the Vietnamese name for the Chinese writing system). One of those is Poems from the Prison Diary made when he was imprisoned by the police of the Republic of China. This poetry chronicle is Vietnam National Treasure No. 10, and was translated to many languages. It is used in Vietnamese high schools.[73] After Vietnam gained independence from France, the new government promoted Chữ Quốc Ngữ (Vietnamese writing system in Latin characters) exclusivity to eliminate illiteracy. Ho started to create more poems in the modern Vietnamese language for dissemination to a wider range of readers. After he became President until the appearance of serious health problems, a short poem of his was regularly published in the newspaper Nhân Dân Tết (Lunar new year) edition to encourage his people in working, studying or fighting Americans in the new year.
Because of staying nearly 30 years in exile, Ho could speak fluently, as well as read and write professionally, in French, English, Russian, Cantonese and Mandarin in addition to his mother tongue Vietnamese.[74] In the 1920s, he was bureau chief / editor of many newspapers which he established to criticize French Colonial Government of Indochina and serving communism propaganda purposes. Examples are Le Paria (The Pariah) first published in Paris 1922 or Thanh Nien (Youth) first published on 21 June 1925 (21 June was named by The Socialist Republic of Vietnam Government as Vietnam Revolutionary Journalism Day). In many state official visits to Soviet Union and China, he often talked directly to their communist leaders without interpreters especially about top secret information. While being interviewed by Western journalists, he used French.[75] His Vietnamese had a strong accent from his birthplace in the central province of Nghệ An, but could be widely understood through the country.[note 1]




Stilt house of "Uncle Ho" in Hanoi


As president, Ho held formal receptions for foreign heads of state and ambassadors at the Presidential Palace, but he personally did not live there. He ordered the building of a stilt house at the back of the palace, which is today known as the Presidential Palace Historical Site. His hobbies (according to his secretary Vũ Kỳ) included reading, gardening, feeding fish (many of which are still living) and visiting schools and children's homes.[77]
Ho remained in Hanoi during his final years, demanding the unconditional withdrawal of all non-Vietnamese troops in South Vietnam. By 1969, with negotiations still dragging on, Ho's health began to deteriorate from multiple health problems, including diabetes which prevented him from participating in further active politics. However, he insisted that his forces in the south continue fighting until all of Vietnam was reunited under his regime regardless of the length of time that it might take, believing that time was on his side.[77]
Death[edit]




Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, Hanoi.


With the outcome of the Vietnam War still in question, Hồ Chí Minh died at 09:47 on the morning of 2 September 1969 from heart failure at his home in Hanoi, aged 79. His embalmed body is currently on display in a mausoleum in Ba Đình Square in Hanoi despite his will stating that he wanted to be cremated.[5]:565 News of his death was withheld from the North Vietnamese public for nearly 48 hours because he had died on the anniversary of the founding of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. He was not initially replaced as president, but a "collective leadership" composed of several ministers and military leaders took over, known as the Politburo.
During North Vietnam's final campaign, a famous song written by composer Huy Thuc was often sung by People's Army of Vietnam soldiers, "Bác vẫn cùng chúng cháu hành quân" ("You are still marching with us, Uncle Ho").[78] Six years after his death, at the Fall of Saigon, several PAVN tanks in Saigon displayed a poster with those same words on it.
Legacy and personality cult[edit]
See also: Nông Thị Xuân, Nông Đức Mạnh, Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, and Zeng Xueming




Hồ Chí Minh statue outside Hồ Chí Minh City Hall, Ho Chi Minh City






Temple devoted to Nguyễn Sinh Sắc, Hồ Chí Minh's father


The former capital of South Vietnam, Saigon, was officially renamed Ho Chi Minh City on 2 July 1976[79] by the new VCP-controlled National Assembly of Vietnam. However, the name provokes strong anti-communist feeling in a substantial number of Vietnamese. Many Vietnamese, especially those living abroad, continue to refer to the city as Sài Gòn, in rejection of the new communist-imposed name and in honor of the former capital of anti-communist Republic of Vietnam.[80]
Ho's embalmed body is on display in Hanoi in a granite mausoleum modeled after Lenin's Tomb in Moscow. Streams of people queue each day, sometimes for hours, to pass his body in silence. This is reminiscent of other Communist leaders like Vladimir Lenin, Mao Zedong, Kim il-sung, and Kim Jong-il.
The Ho Chi Minh Museum in Hanoi is dedicated to his life and work.




Hồ Chí Minh holding his god-daughter, baby Elizabeth (Babette) Aubrac, and Elizabeth's mother, Lucie Aubrac in 1946






Shrine devoted to Ho Chi Minh


In Vietnam today, Ho's image appears on the front of all Vietnamese currency notes. His portrait and bust are featured prominently in most of Vietnam's public buildings, in classrooms (both public and private schools) and in some families' altars. There is at least one temple dedicated to him, built in Vĩnh Long shortly after his death, in 1970, in Viet Cong-controlled areas.[81] His birthday (19 May) is celebrated as an official state holiday.[82]
General Secretary Nguyễn Phú Trọng had named his two adopted sons after the great leader, who are currently working for the government on a number of projects. Hồ Xuân Minh is living in the United States and working as a shop fitter, assisting the Government investment overseas,[83] while Hồ Xuân Nam is a songwriter and composer. He is a standing committee member, a senior member of resolution 36 drafted in 2004, which has the purpose of connecting Vietnamese expatriates with their motherland.[84] Xuan Nam has in the past performed for the Vietnamese community abroad hoping to unite them with their motherland[85]
The communist regime has also continually maintained a personality cult around Ho since the 1950s in the North, and later extended it to the South, which it sees as a crucial part in their propaganda campaign about Ho and the Party's past. Ho is frequently glorified in schools to schoolchildren. Opinions, publications and broadcasts that are critical of Ho or that identify his flaws are banned in Vietnam. Both Vietnamese and foreign activists, writers, reporters and commentators who criticize anything about Ho in the slightest are arrested and imprisoned or fined for "opposing the people's revolution". Ho is even glorified to a religious status as an "immortal saint" by the Vietnamese Communist Party, and some people worship the President, according to a BBC report.[80]
Publications about Ho's non-celibacy are banned in Vietnam, because the Party maintains that Ho had no romantic relationship with anyone in his lifetime in order to portray a puritanical image of Ho to the Vietnamese public, and advance the image of Ho as "the father of the [communist] revolution"[86] and of a "celibate married only to the cause of revolution".[87] William Duiker's Ho Chi Minh: A Life (2000) presents much information on Ho's relationships.[5]:605, fn 58 The government requested substantial cuts in the official Vietnamese translation of Duiker's book, which was refused.[88] In 2002, the Vietnamese government suppressed a review of Duiker's book in the Far Eastern Economic Review.[88]
There's also a personality cult surrounding Nguyễn Sinh Sắc, Ho's father.[citation needed]
International influence[edit]




Ho Chi Minh bust in Kolkata, India


Ho Chi Minh is considered one of the most influential leaders in the world. TIME magazine listed him in the list of 100 Most Important People of the Twentieth Century (Time 100) in 1998[89][90]. His thought and revolution inspired many leaders and people in Asia, Africa and Latin America during the decolonization movement on a global scale after World War II. As a communist, he was one of the international figures which was highly praised in the Communist world[91].
Various places, boulevards and squares named after him around the world, especially in socialist states and former communist states. In Russia, there is a Ho Chi Minh square and monument in Moscow, Ho Chi Minh boulevard in Saint Peterburg and Ho Chi Minh square in Ulyanovsk (the birthplace of Lenin, a sister city of Vinh, birthplace of Ho Chi Minh). According to the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as many as 20 countries across Asia, Europe, America and Africa have erected statues in remembrance of President Ho Chi Minh[92].
Busts, statues and memorial plaques and exhibitions are displayed in destinations on his extensive world journey in exile from 1911 to 1941 including France, Great Britain, Russia, China and Thailand [93].
Many activists and musicians wrote songs about Ho Chi Minh and his revolutionism during Vietnam War in different languages to demonstrate against the US. Spanish songs are composed by Félix Pita Rodríguez, Carlos Puebla and Alí Primera. In addition, Chilean folk singer Víctor Jara referenced Hồ Chí Minh in his anti-war song "El derecho de vivir en paz" ("The Right to Live in Peace"). In English, Ewan MacColl wrote "The Ballad of Ho Chi Minh" and Pete Seeger got "Teacher Uncle Ho". There are also songs about him in Russian by Vladimir Fere and in German by Kurt Demmler.
In 1987, UNESCO officially recommended to member states that they "join in the commemoration of the centenary of the birth of President Ho Chi Minh by organizing various events as a tribute to his memory", considering "the important and many-sided contribution of President Ho Chi Minh in the fields of culture, education and the arts" who "devoted his whole life to the national liberation of the Vietnamese people, contributing to the common struggle of peoples for peace, national independence, democracy and social progress."[94]

Notes[edit]


^ He sometimes went on-air to deliver important political messages and encourage soldiers.[76]


References[edit]


^ "Ho Chi Minh". Random House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary.
^ a b Trần Quốc Vượng. "Lời truyền miệng dân gian về Hồ Chí Minh". BBC Vietnamese. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b c Vũ Ngự Chiêu. "Vài vấn nạn lịch sử thế kỷ XX: Hồ Chí Minh—Nhà ngoại giao, 1945–1946". Hợp Lưu Magazine. Note: See the document in French, from Centre des archives d'Outre-mer [CAOM] (Aix)/Gouvernement General de l'Indochine [GGI]/Fonds Residence Superieure d'Annam [RSA]/carton R1, and the note in English at the end of the cited article. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b Nguyễn Vĩnh Châu. "Phỏng vấn sử gia Vũ Ngự Chiêu về những nghiên cứu lịch sử liên quan đến Hồ Chí Minh". Hợp Lưu Magazine. Retrieved 2013-12-10. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k Duiker, William J. Ho Chi Minh: A Life. New York: Hyperion, 2000.
^ a b Hunt, Michael H. (2016). The World Transformed 1945 To the Present. New York, New York: Oxford University Press. p. 125. ISBN 978-0-19-937102-0. 
^ a b c d e f "Quinn-Judge", "Sophie" (2002). Hồ Chí Minh: The Missing Years. University of California Press. 
^ Winter, Marcus (1989). Uncle Ho: Father Of A Nation. Limehouse Press, London. 
^ "The Drayton Court Hotel". Ealing.gov.uk. Retrieved 30 January 2013. 
^ Forbes, Andrew; Henley, David (2012). Vietnam Past and Present: The North. Chiang Mai, Thailand: Cognoscenti Books. 
^ Harries, David. "Maritime Sussex". Sussex Express. Retrieved 12 June 2015. 
^ Phong, Huy; Anh, Yen (1989). "Unmasking Ho Chi Minh". "Viet Quoc". Retrieved 2015-06-11. 
^ For a thumbnail of a photograph in the Library of Congress collection showing Quốc at the Versailles Conference, see "Ho Chi Minh, 1890–1969, half length, standing, facing left; as member of French Socialist Party at Versailles Peace Conference, 1919", Library of Congress Prints and Photographs Online Catalog.
^ Huynh, Kim Kháhn, Vietnamese Communism, 1925–1945. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1982; pg. 60.
^ Tran Dan, Tien. "Ho Chi Minh, Life and Work". Communist Party of Vietnam Online Newspaper. Gioi Publishers. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ Brett Reilly review of "Embers of War: The Fall of an Empire and the Making of America's Vietnam" by Fredrik Logevall, Journal of Vietnamese Studies 11.1 (2016), 147.r
^ a b c d e Brocheux, Pierre; Duiker,, Claire, translator (2011). Ho Chi Minh : a biography (1. publ. ed.). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-1-107-62226-5. 
^ Obituary in The New York Times, 4 September 1969
^ a b c d e Brocheux, P. pp. 39–40
Duiker, p. 143.
^ a b Davidson, Phillip B., Vietnam at War: The History: 1946–1975 (1991), p. 4.
Hoàng Văn Chí. From Colonialism to Communism (1964), p. 18.
^ "Ho Chi Minh". u-s-history.com. 
^ "Ho Chi Minh Was Noted for Success in Blending Nationalism and Communism", The New York Times
^ Interview with Archimedes L. A. Patti, 1981, http://openvault.wgbh.org/catalog/vietnam-bf3262-interview-with-archimedes-l-a-patti-1981
^ Interview with OSS officer Carleton Swift, 1981, http://openvault.wgbh.org/catalog/vietnam-9dc948-interview-with-carleton-swift
^ Zinn, Howard (1995). A People's History of the United States: 1492–present. New York: Harper Perennial. p. 460. ISBN 0-06-092643-0. 
^ "Collection of Letters by Ho Chi Minh". Rationalrevolution.net. Retrieved 26 September 2009. 
^ Zinn, Howard (1995). A People's History of the United States. New York: Harper Perennial. p. 461. ISBN 0-06-092643-0. 
^ The Black Book of Communism
^ Joseph Buttinnger, Vietnam: A Dragon Embattled, vol 1 (New York: Praeger, 1967)
^ Ngo, Van (2 November 2010). In The Crossfire: Adventures of a Vietnamese Revolutionary. Oakland, CA: AK Press. p. 163. ISBN 978-1849350136. 
^ Lind, Michael (18 October 1999). Vietnam: The Necessary War. New York: Free Press. p. 141. ISBN 978-0684842547. 
^ a b c "Ben-gurion Reveals Suggestion of North Vietnam's Communist Leader". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 8 November 1966. Retrieved 5 September 2015. 
^ a b c "ISRAEL WAS EVERYTHING". Nytimes.com. 21 June 1987. Retrieved 5 September 2015. 
^ Currey, Cecil B. Victory At Any Cost (Washington: Brassey's, 1997), p. 126
^ "ER404 – Báo Công an nhân dân điện tử". cand.com.vn. 
^ Tucker, Spencer. Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: a political, social, and military history (vol. 2), 1998
^ Colvin, John. Giap: the Volcano under the Snow (New York: Soho Press, 1996), p. 51
^ Vietnamese Wikipedia profile of Nguyễn Hải Thần
^ vi:Chính phủ Liên hiệp Kháng chiến Việt Nam
^ "Vietnam Declaration of Independence". Coombs.anu.edu.au. 2 September 1945. Archived from the original on 6 October 2009. Retrieved 26 September 2009. 
^ Karnow, Stanley. Vietnam: a History.
^ https://leminhkhai.wordpress.com/2012/09/01/ho-chi-minh-said-what/ proof that he runs the blog
^ https://leminhkhai.wordpress.com/2013/04/25/chiang-kai-shek-and-vietnam-in-1945/
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Press. pp. 57–9, 67–9, 74.  and "Myths of the Vietnam War". Southeast Asian Perspectives. September 1972. pp. 14–8. ; also Dommen, Arthur J. (2001). The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans. Indiana University Press. pp. 153–4. 
^ vi:Lời kêu gọi toàn quốc kháng chiến
^ "Lone Sentry: New Weapons for Jap Tank Hunters (U.S. WWII Intelligence Bulletin, March 1945)". www.lonesentry.com. Retrieved 2016-05-27. 
^ Fall, Bernard. Last reflections on a War, p. 88. New York: Doubleday (1967).
^ vi:Chiến dịch Biên giới
^ Luo, Guibo. pp. 233–36
^ Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, "Chronology", p. 45.
^ Dommen, Arthur J. (2001), The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans, Indiana University Press, pg. 252.
^ United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "The State of The World's Refugees 2000 – Chapter 4: Flight from Indochina" (PDF). Retrieved 6 April 2007. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origin and Development. Hoover Institution Press. p. 75. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 89, 91, 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ a b c Logevall, Fredrik (2012). Embers of War: The fall of an Empire and the making of America's Vietnam. random House. ISBN 978-0-679-64519-1. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 107. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 90, 97. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 99. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. pp. 95, 99–100. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ Turner, Robert F. (1975). Vietnamese Communism: Its Origins and Development. Hoover Institution Publications. p. 143. ISBN 978-0817964313. 
^ cf. Gittinger, J. Price, "Communist Land Policy in Viet Nam", Far Eastern Survey, Vol. 29, No. 8, 1957, p. 118.
^ Courtois, Stephane; et al. (1997). The Black Book of Communism. Harvard University Press. p. 569. ISBN 978-0-674-07608-2. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Dommen, Arthur J. (2001), The Indochinese Experience of the French and the Americans, Indiana University Press, p. 340, gives a lower estimate of 32,000 executions.
^ "Newly released documents on the land reform". Vietnam Studies Group. Archived from the original on 20 April 2011. Retrieved 15 July 2016. Vu Tuong: There is no reason to expect, and no evidence that I have seen to demonstrate, that the actual executions were less than planned; in fact the executions perhaps exceeded the plan if we consider two following factors. First, this decree was issued in 1953 for the rent and interest reduction campaign that preceded the far more radical land redistribution and party rectification campaigns (or waves) that followed during 1954–1956. Second, the decree was meant to apply to free areas (under the control of the Viet Minh government), not to the areas under French control that would be liberated in 1954–1955 and that would experience a far more violent struggle. Thus the number of 13,500 executed people seems to be a low-end estimate of the real number. This is corroborated by Edwin Moise in his recent paper "Land Reform in North Vietnam, 1953–1956" presented at the 18th Annual Conference on SE Asian Studies, Center for SE Asian Studies, University of California, Berkeley (February 2001). In this paper Moise (7–9) modified his earlier estimate in his 1983 book (which was 5,000) and accepted an estimate close to 15,000 executions. Moise made the case based on Hungarian reports provided by Balazs, but the document I cited above offers more direct evidence for his revised estimate. This document also suggests that the total number should be adjusted up some more, taking into consideration the later radical phase of the campaign, the unauthorized killings at the local level, and the suicides following arrest and torture (the central government bore less direct responsibility for these cases, however). CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link) cf. Szalontai, Balazs (November 2005). "Political and Economic Crisis in North Vietnam, 1955–56". Cold War History. 5 (4): 395–426.  cf. Vu, Tuong (2010). Paths to Development in Asia: South Korea, Vietnam, China, and Indonesia. Cambridge University Press. p. 103. ISBN 9781139489010. Clearly Vietnamese socialism followed a moderate path relative to China. ... Yet the Vietnamese 'land reform' campaign ... testified that Vietnamese communists could be as radical and murderous as their comrades elsewhere. 
^ Cheng Guan Ang & Ann Cheng Guan, The Vietnam War from the Other Side, p. 21. (2002)
^ The Economist, 26 February 1983.
^ Lind, 1999
^ Davidson, Vietnam at War: the history, 1946–1975, 1988
^ Chen Jian. "China's Involvement in the Vietnam Conflict, 1964–69", China Quarterly, No. 142 (June 1995), pp. 366–69.
^ "Vietnam Veterans Against the War: History of the U.S. War in Vietnam". vvaw.org. 
^ Translated version:

French – Người tình nguyện vào ngục Bastille dịch "Nhật ký trong tù"
Czech – by cs:Ivo Vasiljev.
Korean – "Prison Diary" published in Korean by Ahn Kyong Hwan.
English – by Steve Bradbury, Tinfish Press

Older version – by Aileen Palmer


Spanish – [1] by Félix Pita Rodríguez
Romanian – by ro:Constantin Lupeanu
Russian – by Pavel Antokolsky


^ Duiker, William J. (2000). Ho Chi Minh: A Life. Hyperion. ISBN 978-0-7868-8701-9. 
^ [iMarx] Full translated – English subtitle-Interview President Ho Chi Minh – 1964. YouTube. 19 December 2011. 
^ Marr, David, Vietnam: State, War, and Revolution (1945–1946), 2013, University of California Press [2]
^ a b Phỏng vấn Vũ Kỳ – Thư ký của chủ tịch Hồ Chí Minh. YouTube. 10 August 2011. 
^ Vietnamese Wikipedia article on Huy Thuc
^ "Nghị quyết của Quốc hội nước Cộng hòa xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam về việc chính thức đặt tên thành phố Sài Gòn – Gia Định là thành phố Hồ Chí Minh". wikisource.org. 
^ a b Marsh, Viv (6 June 2012). "Uncle Ho's legacy lives on in Vietnam". BBC News. Retrieved 2 December 2012. 
^ [3]
^ Trawicky, Bernard (30 April 2009). Anniversaries and Holidays. American Library Association. p. 84. ISBN 9780838910047. Retrieved 18 May 2017. 
^ (http://phapluatxahoi.vn/20120516074013759p1001c1015/tong-bi-thu-se-lam-truong-ban-chi-dao-phong-chong-tham-nhung.htm)
^ (http://www.universityworldnews.com/article.php?story=2013040414214828)
^ (http://www.radicalparty.org/it/node/5070797)
^ Dinh, Thuy. "The Writer's Life Stephen B. Young and Hoa Pham Young: Painting in Lacquer". The Zenith by Duong Thu Huong. Da Mau magazine. Retrieved 25 December 2013. 
^ Baker, Mark (15 August 2002). "Uncle Ho: a legend on the battlefield and in the boudoir". Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved 25 December 2013. 
^ a b "Great 'Uncle Ho' may have been a mere mortal". The Age. 15 August 2002. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ TIME Vol. 151 No. 14 (published 13 April 1998), visited 29 May 2017
^ Stanley Karnow, 13 April 1998, Ho Chi Minh, TIME
^ Interview with William Duiker on Hồ Chí Minh: A Life, 12 November 2000
^ Tuoi Tre News, Remembering Vietnam’s late President Ho Chi Minh in foreign countries, 27 January 2017
^ The places where President Ho Chi Minh lived and worked in Thailand, Vietnam Breaking News, 19 May 2017
^ "UNESCO. General Conference; 24th; Records of the General Conference, 24th session, Paris, 20 October to 20 November 1987, v. 1: Resolutions; 1988" (PDF). Retrieved 26 September 2009. 


Further reading[edit]
Essays

Bernard B. Fall, ed., 1967. Ho Chi Minh on Revolution and War, Selected Writings 1920–1966. New American Library.

Biography

William J. Duiker. 2000. Ho Chi Minh: A Life. Theia.
Jean Lacouture. 1968. Ho Chi Minh: A Political Biography. Random House.
Khắc Huyên. 1971. Vision Accomplished? The Enigma of Ho Chi Minh. The Macmillan Company.
David Halberstam. 1971. Ho. Rowman & Littlefield.
Hồ chí Minh toàn tập. NXB chính trị quốc gia
Sophie Quinn-Judge. 2003. Ho Chi Minh: The missing years. C. Hurst & Co. ISBN 1-85065-658-4
Tôn Thất Thiện, Was Ho Chi Minh a Nationalist? Ho Chi Minh and the Comintern Information and Resource Centre, Singapore, 1990

Việt Minh, NLF and the Democratic Republic of Vietnam

William J. Duiker. 1981. The Communist Road to Power in Vietnam. Westview Press.
Hoang Van Chi. 1964. From colonialism to communism. Praeger.
Trương Như Tảng. 1986. A Viet Cong Memoir. Vintage.

War in Vietnam

Frances FitzGerald. 1972. Fire in the Lake: The Vietnamese and the Americans in Vietnam. Little, Brown and Company.

American foreign policy

Henry A. Kissinger. 1979. White House Years. Little, Brown.
Richard Nixon. 1987. No More Vietnams. Arbor House Pub Co.

External links[edit]



Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Ho Chi Minh





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Ho Chi Minh





Wikimedia Commons has media related to:
Hồ Chí Minh (category)




Works by or about Ho Chi Minh at Internet Archive
The Drayton Court Hotel
Hồ Chí Minh obituary, The New York Times, 4 September 1969
TIME 100: Hồ Chí Minh
Ho Chi Minh selected writings
Hồ Chí Minh's biography
Satellite photo of the mausoleum on Google Maps
Final Tribute to Hồ from the Central Committee of the Vietnam Workers' Party
Bibliography: Writings by and about Hồ Chí Minh



Political offices


Preceded by
Bảo Đại
as Emperor
President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
2 September 1945 – 2 September 1969
Succeeded by
Tôn Đức Thắng


Preceded by
Trần Trọng Kim
as Prime Minister of the Empire of Vietnam
Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
2 September 1945 – 20 September 1955
Succeeded by
Phạm Văn Đồng


Party political offices


Preceded by
New title
Chairman of the Workers' Party of Vietnam
1951–1969
Succeeded by
None


Preceded by
Trường Chinh
First Secretary of the Workers' Party of Vietnam
1956–1960
Succeeded by
Lê Duẩn








v
t
e


Vietnamese independence movement



Events



Bombardment of Tourane
Siege of Saigon
Capture of the Citadel of Saigon
Conquest of Cochinchina
Ba Dinh uprising / Cần Vương
Pacification of Tonkin
Hanoi Poison Plot
World War I
1916 Cochinchina uprising
Thái Nguyên uprising
Bazin assassination
Yên Bái mutiny
Nghệ-Tĩnh Soviets
World War II
1940 Cochinchina uprising
Japanese coup d'état in French Indochina
August Revolution
Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam
First Indochina War
Battle of Dien Bien Phu
Geneva Conference












Organisations



Cần Vương
Đông Du
Duy Tân hội
Empire of Vietnam
Nguyễn dynasty
Tonkin Free School
Việt Nam Quang Phục Hội
Vietnamese Revolutionary Youth League
Việt Nam Quốc Dân Đảng
Viet Minh
Communist Party of Vietnam





Revolutionaries



Cường Để
Đinh Công Tráng
Ho Chi Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng
Lương Văn Can
Ngô Đức Kế
Nguyễn An Ninh
Nguyễn Đình Chiểu
Nguyễn Quang Bích
Nguyễn Quyền
Nguyễn Thái Học
Nguyễn Thần Hiến
Nguyễn Thành
Nguyễn Thiện Thuật
Nguyễn Thượng Hiền
Nguyễn Trung Trực
Nguyen Xuan On
Phạm Bành
Phan Bội Châu
Phan Chu Trinh
Phan Đình Phùng
Phan Thanh Giản
Phan Xích Long
Tạ Thu Thâu
Tôn Thất Thuyết
Trần Cao Vân
Trương Định
Vũ Hồng Khanh





Emperors



Tự Đức
Hàm Nghi
Thành Thái
Duy Tân
Bảo Đại





French rulers



Albert Sarraut
Jean Decoux
French Indochina

Governor-General







Collaborators



Hoàng Cao Khải
Trần Bá Lộc












v
t
e


 Heads of state of Vietnam since 1945



Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945–76)





Hồ Chí Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng1
Tôn Đức Thắng





State of Vietnam (1949–55)




Bảo Đại
Ngô Đình Diệm1





Republic of Vietnam (1955–75)




Ngô Đình Diệm
Dương Văn Minh2
Nguyễn Khánh2
Provisional Leadership Committee3
Dương Văn Minh2
Phan Khắc Sửu2
Nguyễn Văn Thiệu2
Trần Văn Hương
Dương Văn Minh





Republic of South Vietnam (1969–76)




Nguyễn Hữu Thọ





Socialist Republic of Vietnam (1976–present)




Tôn Đức Thắng
Nguyễn Hữu Thọ1
Trường Chinh
Võ Chí Công
Lê Đức Anh
Trần Đức Lương
Nguyễn Minh Triết
Trương Tấn Sang
Trần Đại Quang








1acting
2military
3collective leadership












v
t
e


Heads of government of Vietnam since 1945



Empire of Vietnam (1945)



Trần Trọng Kim





Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1945–76)




Hồ Chí Minh
Huỳnh Thúc Kháng1
Phạm Văn Đồng





Autonomous Republic of Cochinchina (1946–49)



Nguyễn Văn Thinh
Lê Văn Hoạch
Nguyễn Văn Xuân





State of Vietnam (1949–55)



Bảo Đại
Nguyễn Phan Long
Trần Văn Hữu
Nguyễn Văn Tâm
Nguyễn Phúc Bửu Lộc
Ngô Đình Diệm





Republic of Vietnam (1955–75)



Nguyễn Ngọc Thơ
Nguyễn Khánh2
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh1
Nguyễn Khánh2
Trần Văn Hương
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh1
Phan Huy Quát
Nguyễn Cao Kỳ2
Nguyễn Văn Lộc
Trần Văn Hương
Trần Thiện Khiêm
Nguyễn Bá Cẩn
Vũ Văn Mẫu





Republic of South Vietnam (1969–76)




Huỳnh Tấn Phát





Socialist Republic of Vietnam (1976–present)




Phạm Văn Đồng
Phạm Hùng
Võ Văn Kiệt1
Đỗ Mười
Võ Văn Kiệt
Phan Văn Khải
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng
Nguyễn Xuân Phúc








1acting
2head of a military government












v
t
e


Heads of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam



Chairman (1951–69)



Hồ Chí Minh








General Secretaries (1930-present)



Trịnh Đình Cửu1
Trần Phú
Lê Hồng Phong
Hà Huy Tập
Nguyễn Văn Cừ
Trường Chinh
Hồ Chí Minh1
Lê Duẩn
Trường Chinh
Nguyễn Văn Linh
Đỗ Mười
Lê Khả Phiêu
Nông Đức Mạnh
Nguyễn Phú Trọng








1provisional












v
t
e


Cold War






USA
USSR
ANZUS
NATO
Non-Aligned Movement
SEATO
Warsaw Pact





1940s



Hukbalahap Rebellion
Dekemvriana
Yalta Conference
Guerrilla war in the Baltic states

Forest Brothers
Operation Priboi
Operation Jungle
Occupation of the Baltic states


Cursed soldiers
Operation Unthinkable
Potsdam Conference
Gouzenko Affair
Operation Masterdom
Operation Beleaguer
Operation Blacklist Forty
Iran crisis of 1946
Greek Civil War
Corfu Channel incident
Turkish Straits crisis
Restatement of Policy on Germany
First Indochina War
Truman Doctrine
Asian Relations Conference
Marshall Plan
1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état
Tito–Stalin Split
Berlin Blockade
Western betrayal
Iron Curtain
Eastern Bloc
Western Bloc
Chinese Civil War (Second round)
Malayan Emergency
Albanian Subversion





1950s



Bamboo Curtain
Korean War
1953 Iranian coup d'état
Uprising of 1953 in East Germany
1954 Guatemalan coup d'état
Partition of Vietnam
First Taiwan Strait Crisis
Geneva Summit (1955)
Poznań 1956 protests
Hungarian Revolution of 1956
Suez Crisis
Syrian Crisis of 1957
Sputnik crisis
Second Taiwan Strait Crisis
Cuban Revolution
Kitchen Debate
Bandung Conference
Bricker Amendment
McCarthyism
Operation Gladio
Iraqi July Revolution
"We will bury you"





1960s



Congo Crisis
Sino-Soviet split
1960 U-2 incident
Bay of Pigs Invasion
1960 Turkish coup d'état
Soviet–Albanian split
Berlin Wall
Portuguese Colonial War

Angolan War of Independence
Guinea-Bissau War of Independence
Mozambican War of Independence


Cuban Missile Crisis
Sino-Indian War
Communist insurgency in Sarawak
Iraqi Ramadan Revolution
1963 Syrian coup d'état
Vietnam War
1964 Brazilian coup d'état
United States occupation of the Dominican Republic (1965–66)
South African Border War
Transition to the New Order
Domino theory
ASEAN Declaration
Laotian Civil War
1966 Syrian coup d'état
Argentine Revolution
Korean DMZ Conflict
Greek military junta of 1967–74
USS Pueblo incident
Six-Day War
War of Attrition
Dhofar Rebellion
Protests of 1968
French May
Cultural Revolution
Prague Spring
Communist insurgency in Malaysia
Invasion of Czechoslovakia
Iraqi Ba'athist Revolution
Goulash Communism
Sino-Soviet border conflict
CPP–NPA–NDF rebellion
Corrective Move





1970s



Détente
Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty
Black September in Jordan
Corrective Movement (Syria)
Cambodian Civil War
Realpolitik
Ping-pong diplomacy
1971 Turkish military memorandum
Corrective Revolution (Egypt)
Four Power Agreement on Berlin
Bangladesh Liberation War
1972 Nixon visit to China
North Yemen-South Yemen Border Conflict
1973 Chilean coup d'état
Yom Kippur War
Carnation Revolution
Strategic Arms Limitation Talks
Rhodesian Bush War
Angolan Civil War
Mozambican Civil War
Ogaden War
Ethiopian Civil War
Lebanese Civil War
Sino-Albanian split
Cambodian–Vietnamese War
Sino-Vietnamese War
Iranian Revolution
Operation Condor
Dirty War
Korean Air Lines Flight 902
Saur Revolution
New Jewel Movement
1979 Herat uprising
Seven Days to the River Rhine
Struggle against political abuse of psychiatry in the Soviet Union





1980s



Soviet–Afghan War
1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics boycotts
1980 Turkish coup d'état
Invasion of Grenada
1986 Black Sea incident
1988 Black Sea bumping incident
Solidarity

Soviet reaction


Contras
Central American crisis
RYAN
Korean Air Lines Flight 007
Able Archer 83
Star Wars
People Power Revolution
Nagorno-Karabakh War
Tiananmen Square protests of 1989
Fall of the Berlin Wall
Revolutions of 1989
Glasnost
Perestroika





1990s



Mongolian Revolution of 1990
German reunification
Yemeni unification
Fall of communism in Albania
Breakup of Yugoslavia
Dissolution of the Soviet Union
Dissolution of Czechoslovakia





Frozen conflicts



Abkhazia
China
Korea
Nagorno-Karabakh
South Ossetia
Transnistria
Sino-Indian border dispute
North Borneo dispute





Foreign policy



Truman Doctrine
Containment
Eisenhower Doctrine
Domino theory
Hallstein Doctrine
Kennedy Doctrine
Peaceful coexistence
Ostpolitik
Johnson Doctrine
Brezhnev Doctrine
Nixon Doctrine
Ulbricht Doctrine
Carter Doctrine
Reagan Doctrine
Rollback
Sovereignty of Puerto Rico during the Cold War





Ideologies



Capitalism

Chicago school
Keynesianism
Monetarism
Neoclassical economics
Reaganomics
Supply-side economics
Thatcherism
CIA and the Cultural Cold War




Communism

Marxism–Leninism
Castroism
Eurocommunism
Guevarism
Hoxhaism
Juche
Maoism
Naxalism
Stalinism
Titoism




Liberal democracy
Social democracy
White supremacy





Organizations



ASEAN
CIA
Comecon
EEC
KGB
Non-Aligned Movement
SAARC
Safari Club
MI6
Stasi





Propaganda



Active measures
Izvestia
Pravda
Crusade for Freedom
Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty
Red Scare
TASS
Voice of America
Voice of Russia





Races



Arms race
Nuclear arms race
Space Race





See also



Brinkmanship
NATO–Russia relations
Soviet espionage in the United States
Russian espionage in the United States
American espionage in the Soviet Union
Soviet Union–United States relations
US–Soviet summits
Cold War II








Category
Portal
Timeline
List of conflicts








Communism portal
Socialism portal
Politics portal
Literature portal
Cold War portal
Asia portal
Vietnam portal
Biography portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 39391273
LCCN: n80126088
GND: 11855168X
SUDOC: 028429591
BNF: cb120266704 (data)
NDL: 00443451










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ho_Chi_Minh&oldid=791849487"					
Categories: Ho Chi Minh1890 births1969 deathsAnti-RevisionistsBandung Conference attendeesCommunist Party of Vietnam politiciansCommunist rulersGeneral Secretaries of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of VietnamMembers of the Politburo of the Communist Party of VietnamNorth VietnamPeople from Nghe An ProvincePeople of the First Indochina WarPresidents of VietnamPrime Ministers of VietnamRecipients of the Order of LeninViet Minh membersVietnamese communistsVietnamese expatriates in ChinaVietnamese expatriates in FranceVietnamese expatriates in Hong KongVietnamese expatriates in the Soviet UnionVietnamese nationalistsVietnamese people of the Vietnam War20th-century Vietnamese poetsWorld War II resistance membersGovernment ministers of VietnamForeign ministersVietnamese male poetsHidden categories: CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse dmy dates from March 2013Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueArticles containing Vietnamese-language textArticles with hAudio microformatsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego贛語گیلکیગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLadinoلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаसंस्कृतम्ScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言Winaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Chi Sing HO Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



















﻿







Ho Chi Sing Just Bought Sungy Mobile Ltd Stake – Octafinance

















































 








Saturday, 29 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Ho Chi Sing Just Bought Sungy Mobile Ltd Stake


05/27/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in SEC 13G & 13D Filings 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Ho Chi Sing Just Bought Sungy Mobile Ltd Stake and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/ho-chi-sing-just-bought-sungy-mobile-ltd-stake/66861/.CaptchaSubmitHo Chi Sing New Position in Sungy Mobile Ltd (NASDAQ:GOMO)
Ho Chi Sing has filled a SC 13D form regarding Sungy Mobile Ltd  0.0000 0.00 %. Filing Link: 
Why Ho Chi Sing Bought Sungy Mobile Ltd
Item 4. Purpose of Transaction
The Class B Ordinary Shares currently owned by the Reporting Persons were originally acquired for investment purposes.
On April 13, 2015, the Founders submitted a preliminary non-binding proposal letter (the “
Proposal Letter
”) to the Issuer’s board of directors, a copy of which is attached hereto as Schedule B to the Exhibit 99.2. In the Proposal Letter, the Founders proposed to acquire (the “
Proposed Acquisition
”), through a vehicle to be formed by the Founders, all of the outstanding Ordinary Shares and ADSs that are not currently directly or indirectly beneficially owned by the Founders for $4.90 in cash per ADS (or approximately $0.82 in cash per Ordinary Share), to be funded by debt. The Proposal Letter constitutes only a preliminary indication of the Founders’ interest, and does not constitute any binding commitment with respect to the Proposed Acquisition.
On May 18, 2015, the Founders, IDG Fund LP, IDG Fund-A LP, IDG Investment LP and IDG Investor LP (each a “
Consortium Member
”) entered into a consortium agreement (the “
Consortium Agreement
”), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2. Under the Consortium Agreement, the Consortium Members agreed, among other things, (i) to acquire the Issuer in a going private transaction, (ii) to use reasonable efforts to arrange debt financing for the Proposed Acquisition, (iii) to deal exclusively with each other for a period of twelve months from the date of the Consortium Agreement (subject to certain conditions) and (iv) to cooperate and proceed in good faith to negotiate and consummate the Proposed Acquisition.
If the Proposed Acquisition is completed, the ADSs would become eligible for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Act and would be delisted from the NASDAQ Global Market.
Thedescriptions of the Proposal Letter and the Consortium Agreement set forth above in this Item 4 do not purport to be completeand are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Proposal Letter and the full text of the ConsortiumAgreement, each of which has been filed as Exhibit99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.
None of the Issuer, the Founders or the Reporting Persons is obligated to complete the transactions described herein, and a binding commitment with respect to the Proposed Acquisition will result only from the execution of definitive documents, and then will be on the terms provided in such documentation.

CUSIP No. 86737M100
SCHEDULE 13D

Page15 of19


Except as indicated above, the Reporting Persons currently do not have any plans or proposals that relate to or would result in any matters listed in Items 4(a)-(j) of Schedule 13D. Consummation of the Proposed Acquisition could result in one or more of the actions specified in Items 4(a)-(j) of Schedule 13D, including the acquisition or disposition of securities of the Issuer, a merger or other extraordinary transaction involving the Issuer, a change to the board of directors of the Issuer to consist solely of persons to be designated by the transaction vehicle to be formed by the Consortium Members, and a change in the Issuer’s memorandum and articles of association to reflect that the Issuer would become a privately held company. In addition, Reporting Person reserves his right to change his plans and intentions in connection with any of the actions discussed in this item 4, including, among others, the purchase price and the financing arrangement for the transactions contemplated under the Proposal Letter and/or the Consortium Agreement. Any action taken by the Reporting Persons may be effected at any time and from time to time, subject to any applicable limitations imposed by any applicable laws. No assurance can be given that any proposal, any definitive agreement or any transaction relating to the Proposed Acquisition will be entered into or be consummated.
No binding obligation shall arise with respect to the Proposed Acquisition unless and until definitive agreements have been executed.
Form 13D is SEC filing that must be submitted within 10 days, by anyone who acquires beneficial ownership of more than 5% of any publicly traded securities. A filer must promptly update its 13D filing in case of acquisition or disposition of 1% or more of the securities that are the subject of the filing. These filings may be a precursor to hostile takeovers, company breakups, and other “change of control” events.
Ho Chi Sing

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 



Alibaba Stock Trading Experience (NYSE:BABA) FEINBERG STEPHEN Top 9 Holdings in Q1 2015 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?






















HO CHI SING Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      HO CHI SING
                    

•   HONG KONG, F4
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             HO CHI Sing is based out of Hong Kong.     WhaleWisdom has at least 26 13D/G filings and 1 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for HO CHI Sing. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Intl. Short Positions
Hong Kong Holdings



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from HO CHI SING, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




ho chi sing


UNIT 1509, THE CENTER

HONG KONG
F4
                                                        
                                                    00000









Recent SEC Filings




SC 13G/A filed on 02/10/2017
SC 13G/A filed on 02/10/2017
SC 13D filed on 11/18/2016
SC 13G/A filed on 02/01/2016
SC 13G/A filed on 02/01/2016
4 filed on 01/27/2016
3 filed on 01/27/2016
SC 13D/A filed on 12/02/2015
SC 13D filed on 11/17/2015
SC 13D/A filed on 06/10/2015











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





SKY SOLAR ADR (SKYS)


      ENERGY
    

      291,951,188
    

      724,038,946.24
    

      1
    

      13D
    

      2016-11-18
    



China Techfaith Wireless Communication Technology Ltd (CNTF)


      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
    

      78,814,628
    

      591,109,710.00
    

      2
    

      13G
    

      2012-03-29
    



Kongzhong Co Drc (KZ)


      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
    

      72,000,000
    

      424,800,000.00
    

      3
    

      13G
    

      2012-03-28
    



China Kanghui Holdings, Sponsored ADR (KH)


      HEALTH CARE
    

      18,114,314
    

      340,549,103.20
    

      4
    

      13G
    

      2012-03-29
    



Tudou Holdings Ltd ADR (TUDO)


      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
    

      10,379,691
    

      311,909,714.55
    

      5
    

      13G
    

      2012-03-29
    



RDA Microelectronics (RDA)


      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
    

      15,004,277
    

      268,276,472.76
    

      6
    

      13G
    

      2013-12-31
    



Soufun Holdings Limited (SFUN)


      REAL ESTATE
    

      13,633,018
    

      103,610,936.80
    

      7
    

      13D
    

      2015-11-04
    



GARNERO GROUP UT (XNET)


      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
    

      19,551,067
    

      75,467,118.62
    

      8
    

      13G
    

      2016-12-31
    



MEMSIC Inc (MEMS)


      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
    

      4,725,223
    

      20,223,954.44
    

      9
    

      13G
    

      2012-03-29
    



Casi Pharmaceuti (CASI)


      HEALTH CARE
    

      6,842,783
    

      18,133,374.95
    

      10
    

      13D
    

      2013-03-01
    



China Finance Online Co Ltd (JRJC)


      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
    

      6,723,115
    

      16,875,018.65
    

      11
    

      13G
    

      2012-03-28
    



China Biologic Products Inc (CBPO)


      HEALTH CARE
    

      1,608,363
    

      14,796,939.60
    

      12
    

      13G
    

      2012-03-29
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



**EXPERIMENTAL** Current International Short Positions

  Get more info on our International short position coverage here




Holder
Issuer
Net Short Position
Position Date
Origin




Ho Chi Sing
Linekong Interactive Co., Ltd.
2.1%
2014-12-30
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
6.44%
2014-08-19
Hong Kong



Short Position History (last 100)



Holder
Net Short Position
Position Date
Origin




Ho Chi Sing
Linekong Interactive Co., Ltd.
2.1%
2014-12-30
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
23.75%
2014-05-20
Hong Kong






**EXPERIMENTAL** Current Hong Kong Exchange Long Positions
Updated daily



Holder
Issuer
Transaction Date
Transaction Type
Avg PPS
Shares Involved
Shares Owned
% Capital
Origin




Chiau Sing Chi
Bingo Group Holdings Ltd.
2015-07-13
Long
0.0
8,000,000
2,078,367,315
60.8%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
China Digital Culture (Group) Ltd.
2016-09-15
Long
0.0
0
114,816,406
6.1%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
DX.com Holdings Ltd.
2014-07-08
Long
0.0
0
655,847,471
11.7%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
DX.com Holdings Ltd.
2017-04-27
Long
0.0
0
131,169,494
4.72%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
GET Holdings Ltd.
2016-01-11
Long
0.0
511,557,754
13,119,402
1.06%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
IGG Inc
2014-09-24
Long
3.99
96,000,000
190,277,880
13.91%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
Linekong Interactive Co., Ltd.
2015-01-14
Long
0.0
7,766,440
37,185,440
10.05%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
Linekong Interactive Co., Ltd.
2014-12-30
Short
0.0
0
7,766,440
2.1%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-08-19
Short
0.0
102,954,775
102,954,775
6.44%
Hong Kong


HO Chi Sing
Meitu, Inc.
2017-07-25
Long
8.5
50,000,000
275,453,690
6.47%
Hong Kong



Position History



Holder
Issuer
Transaction Date
Transaction Type
Avg PPS
Shares Involved
Shares Owned
% Capital
Origin




Chiau Sing Chi
Bingo Group Holdings Ltd.
2015-07-10
Long
0.136
20,220,588
2,070,367,315
60.56%
Hong Kong


Chiau Sing Chi
Bingo Group Holdings Ltd.
2015-06-12
Long
0.136
90,073,529
2,070,367,315
61.01%
Hong Kong


Chiau Sing Chi
Bingo Group Holdings Ltd.
2014-06-01
Long
0.136
36,764,705
2,070,367,315
64.65%
Hong Kong


Chiau Sing Chi
Bingo Group Holdings Ltd.
2014-04-29
Long
0.0
0
2,033,602,610
63.5%
Hong Kong


Chiau Sing Chi
Bingo Group Holdings Ltd.
2014-04-23
Long
0.0
0
2,033,602,610
64.72%
Hong Kong


Chiau Sing Chi
Bingo Group Holdings Ltd.
2014-04-17
Long
0.0
3,000,000
2,033,602,610
65.97%
Hong Kong


Chiau Sing Chi
Bingo Group Holdings Ltd.
2014-03-11
Long
0.0
0
2,030,602,610
65.88%
Hong Kong


Chiau Sing Chi
Bingo Group Holdings Ltd.
2014-01-03
Long
0.301
2,750,000
2,030,602,610
66.1%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
China Digital Culture (Group) Ltd.
2016-09-06
Long
0.0
0
114,816,407
6.28%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
DX.com Holdings Ltd.
2016-12-08
Long
0.0
0
131,169,494
5.85%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
DX.com Holdings Ltd.
2016-07-26
Long
0.0
0
131,169,494
7.39%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
DX.com Holdings Ltd.
2016-01-21
Long
0.0
0
65,584,747
9.75%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
DX.com Holdings Ltd.
2015-11-10
Long
0.0
0
65,584,747
11.7%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
DX.com Holdings Ltd.
2014-05-07
Long
0.1
59,622,497
655,847,471
11.7%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
GET Holdings Ltd.
2015-12-31
Long
0.0
0
524,677,156
42.49%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
GET Holdings Ltd.
2015-06-16
Long
0.0
0
23,289,158
2.91%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
GET Holdings Ltd.
2015-06-05
Long
0.0
1,964,580
23,517,158
11.09%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
GET Holdings Ltd.
2015-06-05
Long
0.0
16,455,916
25,481,738
12.02%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
Linekong Interactive Co., Ltd.
2015-01-14
Long
9.8
7,262,444
29,922,996
8.09%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
Linekong Interactive Co., Ltd.
2015-01-11
Long
0.0
7,766,440
37,185,440
10.05%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
Linekong Interactive Co., Ltd.
2014-12-30
Long
0.0
7,766,440
37,185,440
10.05%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
Linekong Interactive Co., Ltd.
2014-12-30
Short
0.0
7,766,440
7,766,440
2.1%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
Linekong Interactive Co., Ltd.
2014-12-30
Long
0.0
0
37,185,440
10.05%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-10-22
Long
1.293
228,000
23,289,158
10.99%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-10-17
Long
0.0
0
260,130,873
13.31%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-10-06
Long
0.0
0
260,130,873
15.91%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-09-29
Long
0.432
38,532,464
260,130,873
16.29%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-08-21
Long
0.17
102,954,775
298,663,337
18.7%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-08-21
Long
0.17
102,954,775
298,663,337
18.7%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-08-19
Long
0.0
102,954,775
401,618,112
25.15%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-07-31
Long
0.0
0
401,618,112
25.15%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-07-18
Long
0.0
0
401,618,112
28.47%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-06-06
Long
0.0
715,522,718
1,606,472,451
28.47%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-05-21
Long
0.07
1,170,199,442
1,606,472,451
32.61%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-05-21
Long
0.07
1,170,199,442
1,606,472,451
32.61%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-05-20
Long
0.07
1,170,199,442
2,776,671,893
56.37%
Hong Kong


Ho Chi Sing
M Dream Inworld Ltd.
2014-05-20
Short
0.07
1,170,199,442
1,170,199,442
23.75%
Hong Kong











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















