    Doreen Ho | San Francisco Port Commission | ZoomInfo.com

Doreen Woo Hoo: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:10 AM ET
Banks

Company Overview of U.S. Bancorp



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Doreen Woo Hoo  Director, U.S. BancorpAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships69$264,507
Background

		Ms. Doreen Woo Hoo served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of UCBH Holdings Inc. from October 2009 to November 2009 and Acting President from September 2009 to October 29, 2009. Ms. Woo Ho has over 35 year experience in the banking industry, including a decade of senior-level experience at Wells Fargo & Company. She has direct industry experience and knowledge. She served as an Acting Chief Executive Officer and Acting President at United Commercial Bank ... since September 2009 to November 2009. She served as the President of Community Banking at UCBH Holdings Inc from January 2009 to September 2009. Ms. Woo joined Wells Fargo & Company in 1998 where she served as President/Head of Consumer Credit Group from 1998 to 2007. Ms. Woo Ho served as Executive Vice President at Wells Fargo since 2008 and she oversaw its Enterprise Marketing Group, where she was responsible for its global branding, advertising and marketing programs, as well as strategic oversight for all lines of business marketing groups across the organization. Prior to Wells Fargo, she served as Senior Vice President of National Business Banking, US Consumer Bank and other multiple positions in corporate and consumer lending at Citibank from 1974 to 1998. She has been a Director of Hercules Capital, Inc. since October 22, 2016. She has been a Director at U.S. BanCorp since 2012. She served as a Director of PFF BanCorp. Inc. since 2012. She served as a Board Member of United Commercial Bank since 2009. She has been the President of the San Francisco Port Commission since January 2012 and has been its Commissioner since May 2011. She has been on the Board of Directors of the San Francisco Opera since 1992. She was ranked among the top five in 2007 and recognized consecutively on the list from 2003 to 2007 for the 25 Most Powerful Women in Banking by US Banker Magazine. In addition, she was also recognized from 2003 to 2009 on the list of the Bay Area 100 Most Influential Women by the San Francisco Business Times. Ms. Woo Ho received her Bachelor of Arts in History from Smith College and her Master of Arts in East Asian Studies from the School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
800 Nicollet MallMinneapolis, Minnesota 55402United StatesPhone: 651-466-3000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2012-PresentDirectorU.S. Bancorp2016-PresentDirectorHercules Capital, Inc.
Education
MA Columbia UniversityBA Smith College
Other Affiliations
PFF Bancorp Inc.UCBH Holdings, Inc.Columbia UniversitySmith CollegeUnited Commercial BankHercules Capital, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$124,500Total Calculated Compensation$264,507




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationBharat B. Masrani CEO, Group President & Non-Independent DirectorThe Toronto-Dominion Bank$1.0MShayne Cary Elliott B.ComChief Executive Officer, Member of Management Board & Executive DirectorAustralia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited$2.5MHuiyu  Tian MPAChief Executive Officer, President and Executive DirectorChina Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.$4.2MBrian Johnston Porter B.Com., A.M.P.Chief Executive Officer, President and Non-Independent DirectorThe Bank of Nova Scotia$1.0MNobuyuki  Hirano Group CEO, President, Representative Corporate Executive Officer & Representative DirectorMitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.$139.0MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact U.S. Bancorp, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Doreen Woo Ho - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Doreen Woo Ho
Board Member at U.S. Bancorp


View Full Profile
Are you Doreen Woo Ho? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Doreen Woo Ho's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Doreen Woo Ho's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Doreen Woo Ho's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Doreen Woo Ho through your network of contacts.
												








Doreen Woo Ho's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
U.S. Bancorp


Board Member, 
Hercules Capital, Inc.


Past
To view Doreen Woo Ho's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 M.A., 
															Columbia University


														 B.A., 
															Smith College


Age
69

 
 


Doreen Woo Ho's Biography



Ms. Woo Ho, aged 69, is a retired senior executive who has held top management roles at some of the largest commercial banks in America, including Wells Fargo Bank, Citibank and United Commercial Bank. She has served as a director on our Board since October 2016 and her term expires in 2019.   Business Experience:  .    President and Chief Executive Officer of United Commercial Bank (2009)  .    Executive Vice President, Student Loans and Corporate Trust, Wells Fargo & Company (2008)  .    President of the Consumer Credit Group, Wells Fargo Bank (1998-2007)  .    Senior Vice President of National Business Banking, US Consumer Bank, Citibank ( ...
(Read More)

			Ms. Woo Ho, aged 69, is a retired senior executive who has held top management roles at some of the largest commercial banks in America, including Wells Fargo Bank, Citibank and United Commercial Bank. She has served as a director on our Board since October 2016 and her term expires in 2019.   Business Experience:  .    President and Chief Executive Officer of United Commercial Bank (2009)  .    Executive Vice President, Student Loans and Corporate Trust, Wells Fargo & Company (2008)  .    President of the Consumer Credit Group, Wells Fargo Bank (1998-2007)  .    Senior Vice President of National Business Banking, US Consumer Bank, Citibank (1974-1998)  Public Directorships:  .    U.S. Bank (since 2012)  Prior Directorships:  .    United Commercial Bank (2009)  Private Directorships:  .    San Francisco Opera (since 1992)  Other Experience:  .    Commissioner of the Port of San Francisco (since 2011)  .    Wells Fargo Management Committee member (1999-2008)  Education:  .    Bachelor's in History from Smith College  .    Masters in East Asian Studies from the School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University  Skills/Qualifications:  In particular, Ms. Woo Ho's key areas of skill/qualifications include, but are not limited to:     .    Banking/Financial Services-held a variety of key executive and management positions at large global financial institutions    .    Leadership/Strategy-extensive experience as a director and executive with broad operational experience in investments and finance    .    Finance, IT and other Business Processes-extensive experience in commercial lending, sales marketing as well as other key business processes    .    Enterprise Risk Management-extensive experience in risk management and regulatory compliance in banking services    .    Governance-gained extensive experience as CEO of a banking institution in corporate governance and executive management.
		
Source: Hercules Capital, Inc. on 03/07/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Doreen Woo Ho's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Doreen Woo Ho. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Doreen Woo Ho's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Doreen Woo Ho's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Doreen Woo Ho through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Doreen Woo Ho


















Doreen Woo Ho's Connections (90)





Sign up now to view Doreen Woo Ho's 90 connections »









Scott W. Wine
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Polaris Industries Inc.









Jerry W. Levin
Lead Independent Director, Ecolab Inc.









Joel W. Johnson
Board Member, Meredith Corporation









Olivia F. Kirtley
Lead Independent Director, Papa John's International, Inc.









Roland A. Hernandez
Lead Independent Director, MGM Resorts International









Kimberly J. Harris
Board Member, U.S. Bancorp









Craig D. Schnuck
Board Member, U.S. Bancorp









Lee R. Mitau
Chairman of the Board, H.B. Fuller









Karen S. Lynch
President, Aetna









Marc N. Casper
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Doreen Hy Woo - San Francisco, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Doreen Hy Woo in San Francisco, CA


Doreen Hy Woo

                                                                                       Intelius found that Doreen Hy Woo  is  a female between 70 and 70 years old from San Francisco, CA.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Doreen Hy Woo is in her 70s

Doreen Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Napa, CA

Doreen's Relatives

Tayu Woo
James Woo
Morgan Ho







Doreen Hy Woo



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Doreen? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Doreen, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Doreen Hy Woo
Get a Criminal Check on Doreen Hy Woo
Get a Public Record Report on Doreen Hy Woo
Get a People Search Report on Doreen Hy Woo


Doreen Hy Woo's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Doreen Hy Woo has lived as well as Doreen Hy Woo's phone numbers and email addresses.




Doreen Hy Woo Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Doreen Hy Woo


78 B******* W** 

San Francisco, CA


Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Los Angeles, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Doreen Hy Woo

(415) ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 
() ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Doreen Hy Woo

d*******o@***.net


Get Email Report




Doreen Hy Woo's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Doreen Hy Woo


Doreen Hy Woo's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Doreen Hy Woo's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Doreen Woo
Username Matches

                  DoreenWoo
                  WooDoreen
                  Doreen.Woo
                  Woo.Doreen
                  Doreen_Woo
                  Woo_Doreen
                  Doreen-Woo
                  Woo-Doreen
                  DWoo
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Woo







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.












Doreen Woo Ho , Board of Directors, San Francisco Opera - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Doreen Woo Ho  
Vice President, Assistant Secretary, Executive Committee Member and DirectorBoard of Directors, San Francisco Opera
Telephone, and Fax available

Total Positions available: 1



 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
The Leadership Library® Leadership® Nonprofits Premium Leadership Networks®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            















Doreen Woo Ho's New Chapter Is Her Last, San Fran's R&G Lounge Says "Drop Dead" | Zero Hedge





































































            Gold at $1268, Now What?- Analysis          



          by Vince Lanci 

          - Jul 28, 2017 11:42 AM 



Gold has had a nice little run... MEH



 
















            Serious Question: What the Heck is Wrong with Democrats?          



          by The_Real_Fly 

          - Jul 28, 2017 2:26 PM 



What is their problem?














            Imran Awan Subscribed To Pedo-Centric YouTube Channel Exposed By Tosh.0          



          by ZeroPointNow 

          - Jul 28, 2017 7:18 AM 



"to a pedophile, the site is a smorgasbord of smut..."
 








 

Doreen Woo Ho's New Chapter Is Her Last, San Fran's R&G Lounge Says "Drop Dead"












          by Tyler Durden 

Nov 6, 2009 11:05 PM 




0
SHARES






















October 1, Message from Doreen Woo Ho, CEO of United Commercial Bank:
Dear  Valued Customer,
As
UCB’s Acting President and CEO, one of my top priorities is to keep our
customers updated on important developments at the bank.  Over the last
several weeks, we have made significant strides in our effort to turn
the page and start a “new chapter” in UCB’s history.  We are working
closely with our regulators to make the bank stronger for the benefit
of our customers and other stakeholders in the U.S. and China.  Let me
briefly summarize the progress we have made in the past few weeks.
Partnership with China Minsheng Bank
I
recently returned from China, where I met with the Board and management
of our strategic investor, China Minsheng Bank (CMBC).  They expressed
their continued support of UCB and interest in working together on
strategic initiatives and other business synergies.
Currently,
a group of 17 young managers from CMBC are visiting our San Francisco
headquarters, where they are spending six weeks undergoing both
classroom and practical training in various departments of the bank. 
This collaboration has helped members of both banks deepen our
understanding of each other’s business and will help us find new ways
to enhance UCB’s high-value products and services.
Capital Plan
We
are focused on addressing our capital needs going forward, as we
announced in our press release on September 8.  To that end, we are
aggressively moving forward with our capital plan and have engaged a
financial advisor to help us look at all our options.  As soon as we
have something specific to disclose, we will communicate it publicly to
all our customers and other stakeholders.
Financial Restatement & Management Action Plan
In
the last few weeks we have aligned our team with our outside auditors
at KPMG to work as expeditiously as possible to complete our financial
restatement. The entire management team is doing its utmost, as are
our auditors, to move the bank forward and put us back on a solid
foundation for the future.
Community Support
While
we are working hard to move the bank forward, all of us at UCB continue
to partner with members of our communities in the U.S. and in the
Greater China Region to meet the banking needs of our customers in all
of the regions we serve.  Two examples stand out. 
In
Boston, UCB recently helped Chinatown Main Street, a public-private
initiative between the City of Boston and the National Trust of
Historical Preservation, open an account at our Boston Chinatown Branch
to help them support funding of the “2010 Master Plan of Chinatown.”
 UCB has been a partner with Chinatown Main Street in hosting the
street festivals to celebrate Chinese New Year and Autumn Moon Festival
in Boston’s Chinatown for many years.
At a
recent UCB community dinner in San Francisco’s Chinatown, more than 400
Chinese community leaders and representatives of civic and non-profit
organizations in the Bay Area were joined by former San Francisco Mayor
Willie Brown, President of the SF Board of Supervisors David Chiu and
Fremont Mayor Bob Wasserman.
Many of the
attendees had great stories to share about the ways in which UCB has
been there for the San Francisco community over the years.  Gordon
Chin, Executive Director of Chinatown Community Development Center,
mentioned that UCB provides much-needed funding and loans to help build
the local community and improve quality of life for residents.  Kinson
Wong, owner of R&G Lounge, one of the most popular and well known
Chinese restaurants in the San Francisco Bay Area, shared with everyone
that the Bank helped him expand his business in the past 20 years by
providing him with several rounds of financing.
I
know I speak for all UCB associates in saying that we are very proud of
this heritage and the relationships we have developed with our
customers and leaders in all the communities we serve.
Finally, I want to emphasize that United Commercial  Bank is committed  to the highest standards of integrity and  transparency in all aspects of our business. 
Thank
you for your continued confidence in us.  As always, if you have any
questions or comments, please call us at 1-800-821-3899 or email us at comments@unitedcb.com.
Sincerely,
	    Doreen  Woo Ho
 

 
Fast Forward to...
November 6, 2009: 

East West Bank, Pasadena, California Assumes All the Deposits of United Commercial Bank, San Francisco, California
United Commercial Bank, San Francisco, California, was closed today by the California Department of Financial Institutions, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as receiver. To protect the depositors, the FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with East West Bank, Pasadena, California, to assume all of the deposits of United Commercial Bank. This agreement included all U.S. branches of United Commercial Bank, the Hong Kong branch of United Commercial Bank, and the subsidiary of United Commercial Bank headquartered in Shanghai, China, United Commercial Bank (UCB-China).
The 63 U.S. branches of United Commercial Bank will reopen during their normal business hours beginning tomorrow as branches of East West Bank. All locations in Hong Kong and China will reopen on Monday, according to normal business hours. In addition, UCB-China, the Shanghai, China, subsidiary of United Commercial Bank, which was also part of today’s transaction, will continue its regular banking operations without interruption with the full support of its parent company, East West Bank, whose qualification has already passed the preliminary review by the China Banking Regulatory Commission....
As of October 23, 2009, United Commercial Bank had total assets of $11.2 billion and total deposits of approximately $7.5 billion. East West Bank paid the FDIC a premium of 1.1 percent for the right to assume all of the deposits of United Commercial Bank. In addition to assuming all of the deposits of the failed bank, East West Bank agreed to purchase approximately $10.2 billion in assets of the failed bank. As part of the purchase and assumption agreement, the FDIC transferred to East West Bank all qualified financial contracts to which United Commercial Bank was a party and those contracts remain in full force and effect.
The FDIC and East West Bank entered into a loss-share transaction on approximately $7.7 billion of United Commercial Bank's assets. East West Bank will share in the losses on the asset pools covered under the loss-share agreement. The loss-share arrangement is projected to maximize returns on the assets covered by keeping them in the private sector. The agreement also is expected to minimize disruptions for loan customers. For more information on loss share, please visit: http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/lossshare/index.html.



China
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Transparency
Hong Kong
Main Street
United Commercial Bank
 


Printer-friendly version
Nov 6, 2009 11:05 PM
52
 







Comment viewing options



Flat list - collapsedFlat list - expandedThreaded list - collapsedThreaded list - expanded


Date - newest firstDate - oldest first


10 comments per page30 comments per page50 comments per page70 comments per page90 comments per page150 comments per page200 comments per page250 comments per page300 comments per page


Select your preferred way to display the comments and click "Save settings" to activate your changes.















cbxer55 
Nov 6, 2009 11:11 PM


Why does it always work out like this? CEO tells you everything is Great! Next thing you know, they hit the iceberg and are going down.
Its getting entirely too predictable. Tell us everything sucks, and MAYBE we'll believe you.


















      Anonymous    


          cbxer55        
Nov 6, 2009 11:40 PM


Better question:  Why is lying to shareholders not being punished with:  1) Fines, 2) Prevention from ever holding office at a publicly traded company ever again.
Instead CEO's float off with the golden parachute.
Claw. That. Shit. Back.


















tom a taxpayer 



Nov 7, 2009 12:50 AM



Excellent point, Anon@23:40! Sheila "don't worry, be happy" Bair, FDIC, should be disbarring Woo Ho from all FDIC-insured institutions.


















DaddyWarbucks 



Nov 7, 2009 3:17 AM


Bullseye.


















      Anonymous    


          cbxer55        
Nov 6, 2009 11:44 PM


it is because they and their fellow americans
are congenital liars....


















Cognitive Dissonance 



Nov 7, 2009 9:25 AM


We humans are trained (conditioned) our entire life to avoid unpleasant truths by our culture, society, government, corporations and family members. In short, it permeates everything we do and everywhere we go. This practice of avoidance becomes internalized and the only way to conduct our daily affairs. It is all we know and the only way we see both the world and our part in it. 
I often read how anger or love are the most powerful emotions. While true on its face, one can not remain in a constant state of anger or love. These emotions rise and fall during the waking day. Denial, however, is always present and the unconscious, the ego, is forever vigilant in deflecting, modifying or obscuring any information that might wake us to reality. Pretty powerful stuff.
I see lies as the outcome of (mostly) conscious decisions. When lies and lying becomes automatic and consistent, it is better described as denial. The actual process of being in denial is almost always an unconscious act and thus far more pervasive and overpowering than simple lies. We rarely recognize we are in denial while we almost always know we are lying.
I'm not splitting hairs. The posters says we Americans are congenital liars. I submit that humans are congenital deniers and we Americans have taken our denial to an extreme beyond what is considered normal and squarely into the danger zone, not only to ourselves but to others around the world.
Of course, when a entity is in severe denial (such as a person addicted to drugs or a country addicted to credit) what often happens is the rest of the family becomes quite dysfunctional when dealing with the addict, either by denying the issue(s) themselves or even helping the addict maintain some normalcy to the point where their world is pulled into the abyss along with the addict.
I do not know which country the poster hails from but may I suggest that your country, as well as many others, have been supplying we Americans with our drug of choice for far too long. In fact, you have become users as well though we can quibble over the degree. And precisely when our addiction has flared to enormous proportions and we should be cut off from our drug, our supply seems to have ballooned as well. And not just from our own production.
It seems that we "congenital liars" have become the proverbial "to big to fail" country and you have become fellow users and even enablers. Welcome to the crazy train fellow congenital liar. Nice to have you aboard. Please settle down, find a seat and fasten your seat belt because you're in for a wild ride. You have entered The Twilight Zone. 


















Winisk 


          Cognitive Dissonance        
Nov 7, 2009 9:40 AM


If the US is the "too big to fail" country, which I agree it is, then the logical conclusion will be to break up the good ol USA.  Toot! Toot!


















Cognitive Dissonance 


          Winisk        
Nov 7, 2009 11:34 AM


That, in my view, is the inevitable and logical answer to the insanity we are currently practicing. Once you reach that conclusion, the only question that remains is will the dismantling be done from within or without our "too big to fail" country.


















sgt_doom 


          Cognitive Dissonance        
Nov 7, 2009 3:22 PM


A brilliant post, CD, and nothing can be added. But stating that, I feel as a C.O.F. (crusty old fart) I must mention what also has appeared self-evident to me as an American:  too many Americans appear to be raised, or grow up, believing in Obeying Authority.
And their Authority to be obeyed is the TV.
Balkanization to the max!


















Cognitive Dissonance 


          sgt_doom        
Nov 7, 2009 11:51 PM


Once we recognize that we have been and remain conditioned (no small feat because it requires us to recognize our own denial) then the discussion must turn to the methods used for the conditioning and of course, who determines the conditioning received.
While I won't afflict you with a long explanation of my views on the various different methods that can (and have) been used, I ask that you think about the following. As a fellow C.O.F. I remember as a younger man very public discussions concerning the practice of inserting subliminal messages into that new and wonderful form of communication called television.
And then the entire subject disappeared from public view after a very concerned population was vigorously assured that the government would ban the practice and closely monitor the public airwaves for it's illegal use. While it pops back to the front of public consciousness every now and then, it's rapidly buried after extremely limited discussion.
Of particular note is the recent 2008 Presidential campaign cycle where both the Obama and McCain campaigns were caught using subliminal messages in their ads, which were amusingly labeled "a mistake" or "in error" and quickly removed from the air waves. Or so we were told.
One simply doesn't in error place subliminal messages in a television ad in the same way an embarrassing moment is caught during a live broadcast or the producers fail to notice something left in the background of a commercial, only to have it discovered by the viewing public.
Subliminal messages come about from deliberate overt acts that require planning and execution. No mistake that I can work out would place one in a commercial advertisement or TV program in error. They aren't stored high up on a shelf from which one becomes jostled and falls into the commercial.
"Oops, my bad. Now what do I do? Damn, I hope no one notices because I don't want to waste my time digging that subliminal message out now that the commercial is finished."
I watch very little TV myself anymore but I still find myself slack jawed and essentially brain dead after 30 or more minutes of watching popular prime time TV. I've talked to dozens of other people about this phenomenon and once I bring it to their attention, almost everyone has reported back to me that the same thing happens to them. They often become engrossed and mindless (dazed was the way one friend wonderfully described it) without recognizing it's happening.
Even if there is an "innocent" explanation for this, and I've spent a great deal of time attempting to disprove my theory that subliminal messages are an integral part of TV, the effect is still the same. The American public has effectively been pacified and indoctrinated by TV over the past 40 years. 
All hail the idiot box.


















milbank 


          Cognitive Dissonance        
Nov 8, 2009 12:09 AM


Thank you Joyce Brothers.
Now get a rope and hang her.
Hang her high.


















cocoablini 
Nov 6, 2009 11:21 PM


That bank is in Chinatown. They always looked shady and I have done biz with SF chinatown dirtbags that would make you weep. It's typical of the type of businessperson in Chinatown. Mahjong anyone?

On Friday, November 6, 2009, United Commercial Bank, San Francisco, CA was closed by the California Department of Financial Institutions. Subsequently, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) was named Receiver. No advance notice is given to the public when a financial institution is closed.
All deposit accounts, excluding certain brokered deposits, have been transferred to East West Bank, Pasadena, CA.  For more information on East West Bank, visit us at www.eastwestbank.com.
The FDIC has assembled useful information regarding your relationship with United Commercial Bank. Besides a checking account, you may have Certificates of Deposit, a business checking account, a Social Security direct deposit, and other relationships with the institution.



















tom a taxpayer 
Nov 6, 2009 11:26 PM


 
"Dear Valued Customer,
As CEO, one of my top priorities is to blow hallucinogenic smoke in your face...to turn unhappy audit results upside down into happy faces...to deny your deposits are in jeopardy...to divert your attention by supporting the 2016 Olympics for Chinatown, Boston..."
 


















earnyermoney 
Nov 6, 2009 11:23 PM


R&G Lounge! I keep thinking of Robot's market commentary from a couple of days ago. I'm sure Ben and Timmy have to be VIP customers. LOL


















      Anonymous    
Nov 6, 2009 11:26 PM


The salt-and-pepper crab at R&G Lounge is delicious.


















bonddude 



Nov 7, 2009 3:19 PM


Back in the early 80s you could THE WORLD's BEST Chinese chicken salad,
a Tsing Tao beer and leave the change from a fin for a happy immigrant
at this dive. What a great lunch.


















      Anonymous    
Nov 6, 2009 11:29 PM


Saw this as well.. Funny... According to banktracker, June 2009 Troubled asset ratio was over 100%? Not sure if I'm reading it correctly:
http://banktracker.investigativereportingworkshop.org/banks/california/s...


















faustian bargain 
Nov 7, 2009 12:13 AM


Once at R&G I was the token white guy at a table of asian-american coworkers. They even gave me this cool sounding nickname, "Bak Gwai".


















      Anonymous    
Nov 7, 2009 12:18 AM


R&G Lounge indeed -- this really takes me back, like 20 years almost... used to eat lunch there a lot, short escape from the downtown -- esp after they cleaned it up -- sounds like a cheesy nightclub/dive, but it's just a basement restaurant that probably kept the prior, um, establishment's name -- of course, in that area, you don't know what goes on in the sub-basement...think alleyways and connected buildings like in movie 48 Hours..


















ghostfaceinvestah 
Nov 7, 2009 12:29 AM


she was also in charge of Home Equity at WFC, until she "left for personal reasons".


















      Anonymous    
Nov 7, 2009 1:28 AM


Boo Hoo Hoo,Doreen Woo Ho  


















      Anonymous    
Nov 7, 2009 2:11 AM


The bank president's name was "Woo Ho"?   Really?
Is this a joke?
How could Anyone in the entire Universe take Anything seriously coming from a banker named "Woo Ho"?


















sgt_doom 



Nov 7, 2009 3:26 PM


I can sorta understand your weak point, Anon #123293, as I frequently would proclaim over the previous eight years, "How could anyone vote for the great-grandson of the first president of the National Association of Manufacturers, and the grandson of the clown who attempted to overthrow FDR, and the son of a WWII pilot who panicked and bailed out of his fighter plane while his two air crewmates were still alive? (Which was subsequently covered over by his father, the senator.)
Funny the questions we pose......


















      Anonymous    



Nov 7, 2009 10:37 PM


With a name like Woo Ho we should have foreseen UCB's BK coming after those infamous WaMu "Whoo hoo!" ads.


















      Anonymous    
Nov 7, 2009 2:47 AM


R&G Lounge Special Beef is AAA rated. Never default on Special Beef.  So delicious.  


















bonddude 



Nov 7, 2009 3:22 PM


+10


















Stripnomics 
Nov 7, 2009 3:23 AM


The crab at R&G Lounge rocks!


















George the baby... 
Nov 7, 2009 4:19 AM


And that rug really tied that room together....


















bonddude 


          George the baby crusher        
Nov 7, 2009 3:33 PM


hahahaha whata dump.
I haven't been in since the "big" reno.


















      Anonymous    
Nov 7, 2009 4:58 AM


how pathetic. yet another round of fraudulent, deceitful, material misrepresention of their true financial position.  unbelievable.  these "cooking the books accounting" at UCB and those directly involved should not only be fired, but perhaps receive jail time also.  This includes their CFO, Corporate Controller, Accounting Manager, Accounting Supervisor, and yes, even their very pathetic, independent external auditor/CPAs (sleeping on the job while still collecting the big fat audit fee$$$$s). So much for sound ethics and professional integrity.  Such a major joke and then some.  To think I was once considering UCB as a possible career track.  Obviously, I was much brighter and wiser than this. That acting CEO, Woo Ho, what a HUGE JOKE she turned out to be also.  That's why she left Wells Fargo also.  Couldn't cut it quite simply.  Hopefully, the East West entity will bring prosperity and financial health for all concerned in due time.  


















      Anonymous    
Nov 7, 2009 5:05 AM


.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8de2W3rtZsA
.


















torabora 
Nov 7, 2009 7:06 AM


Ken Lay said everything was fine....I lost $900. Gary Winneck said everything was fine....I lost $3600, ditto with GM. I'm soooo not believing in the markets. I spend my money paying off my house nowadays. They're cheats, liars, frauds.


















      Anonymous    


          torabora        
Nov 7, 2009 7:45 AM


Why bother? Just save your money, and quit paying. Eventually the bank will come to you with an offer of 40% of your outstanding balance. Pay that... Do other shit... Profit.


















      Anonymous    


          torabora        
Nov 7, 2009 11:32 AM


Greg Maffei said everything was fine at 360. They filed for bankruptcy shortly thereafte. I can't remember how much I lost. Those lying fuckers.


















      Anonymous    
Nov 7, 2009 8:02 AM


Some truly racist comments here.
Imagine the outrage if all these negative Asian comments were negative Jewish comments.


















Printfaster 



Nov 7, 2009 12:34 PM


So who you calling a bigger racist?  The jews or the Asians?
 


















bonddude 


          Printfaster        
Nov 7, 2009 3:28 PM


All I know know is they had no interest in doing bond business with a premiere local bond house and a white boy.
That place and management at 2 branches didn't have a clue. How they got to be so many branches boggles the mind.
Probably the only correct move they EVER made was giving R&G $ probably because they always ate there.


















      Anonymous    



Nov 7, 2009 2:33 PM


I think the religion of Dude-ism can offer some light here, on the racism issue.
Would you not agree?
http://www.dudeism.com/Images/manifesto-images/chinaman.gif


















sgt_doom 



Nov 7, 2009 3:32 PM


Negative Jewish comments?  Greenspan, Rubin, Geithner, Summers, Paulson, Kissinger, Gensler, Greenberg, Friedman, Blankfein, Rahm Emanuel, Steni Hoyer and his sister (AIPAC director)........
Positive Jewish comments?  Naomi Klein, Judge Rakoff, (Sen.) Feingold, (Sen.) Bernie Sanders, William Greider......


















jimcg 
Nov 7, 2009 8:32 AM


You guys just don't understand the rules.
CEOs, treasury, Administration, the FED, and the media (Cramer), can ALL lie to the shareholders and public at large, but don't you, I, or some lowly blogger dare try it.
Okay? Now you know.
 


















Argonaught 
Nov 7, 2009 9:07 AM


CEO's telling the truth to shareholders, customers, and employees jumped the shart a long time ago.  They lie, get over it.  If the financial statements lie, then you can get mad.
What really pisses me off thouThat this Ho (pun intended) could be jetting off to China and bringing 17 mid-level bank managers back to the states for training?  2 months before the bank is shut down?  WTF?!?  The money spent by the bank for those ridiculous exercises in futililty should be clawed back from each and every c-level ho and all those on the board, too.


















Winisk 


          Argonaught        
Nov 7, 2009 10:04 AM


CEO's ...lie, get over it.  If the financial statements lie, then you can get mad.
 
Ummm.  Ya.  I believe we can add accountants to the mix. This is an all inclusive club.


















Alexander Supertramp 
Nov 7, 2009 10:00 AM


www.LebowskiParty.com
Worry not, the fix is coming.


















jimcg 
Nov 7, 2009 10:15 AM


Just double-checked the rulebook to be sure, best I can gather, it's against them to tell the truth.


















Green Sharts 
Nov 7, 2009 11:22 AM


Where are all the lies in that letter?  I don't see anything that says the bank was healthy financially.  She acknowledged that the financial statements were late and that they were working to put the bank back on a sound foundation, which obviously implies that the bank wasn't on a sound foundation at the time.
 


















sgt_doom 


          Green Sharts        
Nov 7, 2009 3:34 PM


Major apologies for the following but I couldn't resist:
Wen a major financial Ho says anything, head for the hills.........


















Rainman 


          sgt_doom        
Nov 7, 2009 3:54 PM


And always listen to bros before hos, SD.
I apologize for that ......couldn't help myself.


















BaronG 
Nov 7, 2009 4:03 PM


Walk by the bank in downtown SF everyday. Not surprised, so many more to come!


















      Anonymous    
Nov 8, 2009 9:13 PM


The complete negative list: geitner, greenspan, feinberg, bernhake, ram emmanuel, axelrod, summers, volcker, pelosi, napolitano(yes, pelosi and napolitano), neil barofsky, cass sumstein, gessler, rattner, schumer, barney frank larry summer, ben mosche (aig), hank greenberg, robert rubin, harvey blankfein. Separation of Church and state? You must be kidding.


















      Anonymous    
Nov 9, 2009 12:22 PM


Let's not forget that this is at least the second financial institution that received TARP funding that has failed - CIT last week and now UCBH.  CIT may cost taxpayers 2.3 billion, UCBH close to 300 million.  Wonder how that factors into the governments calculations on the "returns" on their "investments"....





1
2
next ›
last »









User login 

Username: *



Password: *


Create new account
Request new password




To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty.





Zero Hedge Reads Acting Man
Alt-Market
Benzinga
Boom Bust Blog
Capitalist Exploits
China Financial Markets
Chris Martenson's Blog
Contrary Investor
Daneric's Elliott Waves
Dr. Housing Bubble
ETF Daily News
ETF Digest
Financial Revolutionist
First Rebuttal
ForexLive
Fundist
Gains Pains & Capital
Hedge Accordingly
Implode-Explode
Investing Contrarian
Jesse's Cafe Americain
Letters From Norway
Liberty Blitzkrieg
Market Montage
Max Keiser
Mises Institute
Mish Talk
Naked Capitalism
Of Two Minds
Oil Price
Peter Schiff
Rebooting Capitalism
Shanky's Tech Blog
Slope of Hope
SmartKnowledgeU Blog
TF Metals Report
The Automatic Earth
The Burning Platform
The Economic Populist
The Hammerstone Group
The Vineyard Of The Saker
Themis Trading
True Sinews
Value Walk
Wolf Street


















New Comments





07-29 0:09: They've been saying this for (ClownBaby)




07-29 0:08: The Russians are not rigging (looseal)




07-29 0:08:  
<--- Unfortunately getting (moorewasthebestbond)




07-29 0:08: DO YOU KNOW THE ODDS OF THAT (ihatediscus)




07-29 0:07: Uh, Daniel Boone, you can (Baron von Bud)




07-29 0:07: What point are you trying to (Armadillo Bandit)




07-29 0:07:  Sorry for being that harsh (VWAndy)




07-29 0:07: didn't down ya, but that (mc888)




07-29 0:07: i can help you get out of (SixIsNinE)




07-29 0:07: BitcoinCash is not a hard (animalspirit)



 

Today's Top Stories





173,231 - North Korea Fires ICBM Missile; Flies 45 Minutes, Lands In Japan Waters




146,423 - Scaramucci: "Priebus Is A F**king Paranoid Schizophrenic", Slams "Cocksucker" Bannon, Wants To "Kill" Leakers




107,642 - Gauntlet Thrown: House Judiciary Demands Special Counsel To Investigate Comey, Lynch, And Clinton




96,735 - John McCain Kills Obamacare Repeal With Single Decisive Vote




80,827 - Anthony Scaramucci's Wife Has Filed For Divorce




71,413 - Trump Fires Priebus, Names Gen. Kelly New Chief Of Staff




56,726 - FBI General Counsel Reportedly Under Investigation For Leaks To Mainstream Media




53,591 - "This Is A Full-Blown Scandal: It’s Unbelievable, Outrageous" - Comptroller Demands Heads Roll At Wells




46,433 - Why Hasn't Trump Said More About The Awan Brothers?




43,348 - The Historical Turning-Point Has Arrived



 













Contact Information



Tips: tips [ at ] zerohedge.com
General: info [ at ] zerohedge.com
Legal: legal [ at ] zerohedge.com
Advertising: ads [ at ] zerohedge.com
Abuse/Complaints: abuse [ at ] zerohedge.com
Advertise With Us



Suggested Reading



Make sure to read our "How To [Read/Tip Off] Zero Hedge Without Attracting The Interest Of [Human Resources/The Treasury/Black Helicopters]" Guide
It would be very wise of you to study our disclaimer, our privacy policy and our (non)policy on conflicts / full disclosure. Here's our Cookie Policy. 
 
How to report offensive comments
Notice on Racial Discrimination. 









RanSquawk News





07-29 0:03: US MARKET WRAP – US equities pare early losses with USD hit on data




07-29 0:03: Fitch affirms France at AA; outlook stable




07-29 0:03: AUDIO SERVICE HAS NOW CLOSED FOR THE WEEK. THE ASIA DESK WILL REOPEN...




07-29 0:03: WEEK IN FOCUS - NOW AVAILABLE IN THE RESEARCH SUITE




07-29 0:03: RANsquawk Weekly G10 Central Bank Monitor 28 July 2017 - Now...




07-29 0:03: WTI crude futures settle at USD 49.71/bbl, up USD 0.67; Brent crude...




07-29 0:03: US Pentagon announces top officials discussed military response...




07-29 0:03: Fed's Kashkari says that on some measures, the job market still...



 

The Fly





07-28 23:43: DragonWave receives application to appoint receiver, TSX delisting...




07-28 23:43: Toshiba comments on benefits of joint stipulation with SanDisk




07-28 23:43: Trovagene, Schuh and Zaniboni resolve employment dispute




07-28 23:43: TEN Ltd. files to sell 28.3M shares of common stock for holders




07-28 23:43: TEN Ltd. files $500M mixed securities shelf




07-28 23:43: Columbia Sportswear SVP of global sourcing resigns




07-28 23:43: M3 Partners reports 5.58% passive stake in Ameriserve Financial




07-28 23:43: Biotechnology Value Fund reports 7% passive stake in ContraFect



 

Street Insider





07-28 23:43: Schnitzer Steel (SCHN) Declares $0.1875 Quarterly Dividend; 2.8% Yield




07-28 23:43: UPDATE: President Trump Tweets Appointment of General Kelly as New Chief of Staff; Reince Priebus Out




07-28 23:43: Graphic Packaging (GPK) Declares $0.075 Quarterly Dividend; 2.3% Yield




07-28 23:43: Sysco Corp. (SYY) Declares $0.33 Quarterly Dividend; 2.5% Yield




07-28 23:43: Kellogg (K) Declares $0.54 Quarterly Dividend; 3.2% Yield




07-28 23:43: China Information Security Technology, Inc. (CIFS) Prices 2M Share IPO at $10/Sh




07-28 23:43: Summit Hotel Properties (INN) Declares $0.17 Quarterly Dividend; 3.8% Yield




07-28 23:43: Dynavax (DVAX) Reports FDA Advisory Committee Vote in Favor of HEPLISAV-B



 


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































best live chat

 









<< Back to Search






Doreen Woo Ho

			Loading your recognition...
		


 

 










 










Doreen Woo Ho And Roland A. Hernandez Join U.S. Bancorp Board Of Directors - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Doreen Woo Ho And Roland A. Hernandez Join U.S. Bancorp Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Dec 13, 2011 2:00 PM EST













 


















































  U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB) announced today that its Board of Directors has elected Doreen Woo Ho and Roland A. Hernandez as directors of the company effective as of January 16, 2012.  Woo Ho, 64, is a Commissioner of the San Francisco Port Commission, the governing board responsible for the San Francisco, California, waterfront adjacent to San Francisco Bay. Woo Ho was appointed to the San Francisco Port Commission in May 2011 after having served over 35 years in the banking industry, including as the President and Chief Executive Officer of United Commercial Bank.  Hernandez, 54, is the Founding Principal and Chief Executive Officer of Hernandez Media Ventures, a privately held company engaged in the acquisition and management of media assets. Hernandez founded Hernandez Media Ventures in 2001 after having served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Telemundo Group, Inc., a Spanish-language television and entertainment company.  “We are delighted to welcome Doreen and Roland to our Board,” said Richard K. Davis, chairman, president and chief executive officer of U.S. Bancorp. “Doreen’s extensive commercial and consumer banking background, along with her first-hand experience in the California banking market, will be an excellent asset to our company. Roland’s broad retail consumer insights and extensive corporate governance experience will make him a great addition to U.S. Bancorp’s Board of Directors.”  Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp, with $330 billion in assets as of September 30, 2011, is the parent company of U.S. Bank National Association, the fifth largest commercial bank in the United States. The company operates 3,089 banking offices in 25 states and 5,092 ATMs and provides a comprehensive line of banking, brokerage, insurance, investment, mortgage, trust and payment services products to consumers, businesses and institutions. U.S. Bancorp and its employees are dedicated to improving the communities they serve, for which the company earned the 2011 Spirit of America Award, the highest honor bestowed on a company by United Way. Visit U.S. Bancorp on the web at usbank.com.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Trader's Daily Notebook: I'm Losing Patience With Russell ETF
Steel Dynamics is worth watching as it reports earnings.



Bob Byrne

Jul 19, 2017 7:00 AM EDT
























Nasdaq Set for Record Close While Dow Tumbles on Financials Drop
Goldman Sachs, UnitedHealth lead Dow lower.



Keris Alison Lahiff

Jul 18, 2017 2:10 PM EDT
























Goldman Sachs, UnitedHealth Drag the Dow to Triple-Digit Loss
Goldman Sachs, UnitedHealth lead Dow lower.



Keris Alison Lahiff

Jul 18, 2017 11:01 AM EDT
























Here Is a Key Danger Zone in Big Bank Earnings: Market Recon
Beware.



Stephen Guilfoyle

Jul 14, 2017 7:30 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives Very Soon -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


3 Secrets Tesla Doesn't Want to Admit Ahead of Its Big Model 3 Party


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












