Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd 10-K Apr. 17, 2017  5:20 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd (HWGG)FORM 10-K | Annual ReportApr. 17, 2017  5:20 PM|About: Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd (HWGG)View as PDF

 Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd (Form: 10-K, Received: 04/17/2017 17:23:00) 









	 



	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549



	 



	FORM 10-K




	 




	x



	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
	ACT OF 1934




	 



	For the fiscal year ended December 31,
	2016




	 




	or




	 




	¨



	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
	EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934





	 




	For the transition period from ___________________________
	to ___________________________




	 




	Commission file number 333-199965




	 







	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED







	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 





	 








	Nevada




	 




	47-1662242







	(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 



	 



	(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 





	 






	Wisma Ho Wah Genting, No. 35, Jalan Maharajalela, 50150 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia




	 




	N/A







	(Address of principal executive offices)



	 



	(Zip Code)





	 


	 


	 





	Registrant’s telephone number, including area code



	 




	+ 603 – 2141 - 6422







	 



	Computron, Inc.




	1 East Bedell
	Street Freeport, NY 11520 





	 






	(Former name, former address and former
	fiscal year, if changed since last report)


	 



	Indicate
	by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes


	¨


	No


	x



	 



	Indicate
	by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes


	¨


	No


	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
	12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
	filing requirements for the past 90 days.



	¨


	Yes


	x


	No



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
	and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
	shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).



	¨


	Yes


	x


	No



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
	of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
	of the Exchange Act.


	 







	Large accelerated filer


	¨




	Accelerated filer


	¨





	 


	 





	Non-accelerated filer


	¨


	(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)




	Smaller reporting company


	x





	 


	 




	 



	Emerging growth company

	¨







	 


	If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
	transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the
	Exchange Act.

	¨



	 





	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).




	¨


	Yes


	x


	No





	 


	As of April 6, 2017, the Registrant has
	1,000,055,532 shares of common stock outstanding.


	 




	 





	 




	 


	TABLE OF CONTENTS


	 







	PART I





	2






	ITEM 1. – Description of the Business




	2






	ITEM 1A – Risk Factors




	5






	ITEM 1B – Unresolved Staff Comments




	14






	ITEM 2 – Properties




	14






	ITEM 3 – Legal Proceedings




	14






	ITEM 4 – Mine Safety Disclosures




	14







	PART II





	14






	ITEM 5 – Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




	14






	ITEM 6 – Selected Financial Data




	15






	ITEM 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations




	16






	ITEM 7A – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk




	19






	ITEM 8 – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data




	F-1






	ITEM 9 – Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures




	20






	ITEM 9A – Controls and Procedures




	20







	PART III





	21






	ITEM 10 – Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance




	21






	ITEM 11 – Executive Compensation




	23






	ITEM 12 – Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters




	24






	ITEM 13 – Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence




	24






	ITEM 14 – Principal Accountant Fees and Services




	25







	PART IV





	26






	Item 15 – Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules




	26




	 


	 







	SIGNATURES





	27




	 






	 



	i



	 







	 




	 



	CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
	STATEMENTS



	 


	This Annual Report on Form 10-K ( this “Report”)
	contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, in the sections captioned “Description of the
	Business,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
	Operations,” and elsewhere. Any and all statements contained in this Report that are not statements of historical fact
	may be deemed forward-looking statements. Terms such as “may,” “might,” “would,”
	“should,” “could,” “project,” “estimate,” “pro-forma,”
	“predict,” “potential,” “strategy,” “anticipate,” “attempt,”
	“develop,” “plan,” “help,” “believe,”
	“continue,” “intend,” “expect,” “future,” and terms of similar import
	(including the negative of any of the foregoing) may be intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, not all
	forward-looking statements may contain one or more of these identifying terms. Forward-looking statements in this Report may
	include, without limitation, statements regarding (i) the plans and objectives of management for future operations, (ii) a
	projection of income (including income/loss), earnings (including earnings/loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends,
	capital structure or other financial items, (iii) our future financial performance, including any such statement contained in
	a discussion and analysis of financial condition by management or in the results of operations included pursuant to the rules
	and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), and (iv) the assumptions underlying or
	relating to any statement described in points (i), (ii), or (iii) above.


	 


	Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
	statements because of the risks and uncertainties related to them and to the risk factors. We disclaim any obligation to update
	the forward-looking statements contained in this Report to reflect any new information or future events or circumstances or otherwise.


	 


	Readers should read this Report in conjunction with our financial
	statements and the related notes thereto in this Report, and other documents which we may file from time to time with the SEC.


	 


	The forward-looking statements are not meant to predict or
	guarantee actual results, performance, events or circumstances and may not be realized because they are based upon our
	current projections, plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, estimates and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks
	and uncertainties and other influences, many of which we have no control over. Actual results and the timing of certain
	events and circumstances may differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements as a result of these
	risks and uncertainties. Factors that may influence or contribute to the inaccuracy of the forward-looking statements or
	cause actual results to differ materially from expected or desired results may include, without limitation, our inability to
	obtain adequate financing, the significant length of time and resources associated with the development of our products and
	services and related insufficient cash flows and resulting illiquidity, our inability to expand our business, significant
	government regulation of our industry, existing or increased competition, results of arbitration and litigation, stock
	volatility and illiquidity, and our failure to implement our business plans or strategies. When considering such
	forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the factors described in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and other
	cautionary statements contained in this Report. A description of some of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our
	actual results to differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements in this Report includes
	the following:


	 






	•


	our relationship with, and our ability to acquire members, and to influence the
	actions of, our members of our Exclusive Travel Membership (defined below);




	 






	•


	improper action by our employees or members of our Exclusive Travel Membership in violation
	of applicable law;




	 






	•


	adverse publicity associated with our products or services,
	including our ability to comfort the marketplace and regulators regarding our compliance with applicable laws;




	 






	•


	changing consumer preferences and demands;




	 






	•


	our reliance upon, or the loss or departure of any member
	of, our senior management team which could negatively impact our member relations and operating results;




	 






	•


	the competitive nature of our businesses;




	 






	•


	regulatory matters governing our products and services,
	including potential governmental or regulatory actions concerning our products and services, risks associated with operating internationally
	and the effect of economic factors, including foreign exchange, inflation, disruptions or conflicts with our partners, pricing
	and currency devaluation risks;




	 






	•


	uncertainties relating to the application of transfer pricing,
	duties, value added taxes, and other tax regulations, and changes thereto;




	 






	•


	adverse changes in the Malaysian economy;




	 






	•


	our dependence on increased penetration of existing markets;






	 






	•


	our reliance on our information technology infrastructure
	and outside service providers and strategic partners;




	  






	 



	1



	 







	 




	 






	•


	the sufficiency of trademarks and other intellectual property
	rights;




	 






	•


	changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations, or their
	interpretation; and






	 






	•


	share price volatility related to, among other things,
	speculative trading and certain traders shorting our common shares.




	 








	PART I.





	 








	ITEM 1. Description of the Business




	 





	Corporate History




	 


	We were incorporated in Nevada as Computron, Inc. on August
	22, 2014. Our original business was to engage in computer support services.


	 


	On October 28, 2016, (i) we changed our name to Ho Wah Genting
	Group Limited and (ii) we increased our authorized capital stock from 75,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001, to
	1,500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 (the “Common Stock”) by filing an Amended and Restated Articles
	of Incorporation (the “Restated Articles”) with the Nevada Secretary of State. The Company’s name change to “Ho
	Wah Genting Group Limited” became effective on FINRA’s Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board on November
	8, 2016 under the new stock ticker symbol “HWGG”.


	 


	We consummated a transaction evidenced by a Share Exchange Agreement
	dated November 4, 2016, by and among us, Ho Wah Genting Group Sdn. Bhd, a Malaysian private company limited by shares formed in
	September 2, 1985 (“HWGG”), and the shareholders of HWGG (“HWGG Shareholders”) pursuant to which we acquired
	from the HWGG Shareholders all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of HWGG in exchange for 560,000 shares of our Common
	Stock (“Share Exchange”). As a result of the Share Exchange, the HWGG shareholders, as the former shareholders of HWGG,
	became our controlling shareholders and HWGG became a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. The Share Exchange was accounted for as
	a reverse takeover/recapitalization effected by a share exchange, wherein HWGG was considered the acquirer for accounting and financial
	reporting purposes.  In accordance with “reverse acquisition” accounting treatment, our historical financial
	statements as of period ends, and for periods ended, prior to the acquisition, were replaced with the historical financial statements
	of HWGG prior to the Share Exchange.


	 


	As a result of the Share Exchange, and pursuant to our Split-Off
	Agreement dated November 4, 2016 with our former controlling shareholder prior to the Share Exchange, we discontinued our pre-exchange
	business, acquired the business of HWGG and continued the existing business operations of HWGG as a publicly traded company.


	 


	As used in this Report, references to the “Company,” the “Registrant,” “we,”
	“our” or “us” refer to Ho Wah Genting Group Limited and its wholly owned subsidiary, HWGG, unless the
	context otherwise indicates.


	 



	Our Current Business



	 


	We are an investment holding company currently engaged in promoting
	entertainment membership, junket operating and marketing of real estate property through our wholly owned subsidiary HWGG.


	 


	One of the main products we offer is an exclusive travel
	membership that focuses on travel and entertainment around the world (“Exclusive Travel Membership”). We strive
	to serve our member’s every travel need by offering our members discounted vacation packages, hotel and
	room accommodations, flight arrangements and various on ground transportation means. We are developing our website and mobile
	application so members can purchase our membership packages online via their computer and mobile device. Currently, a person
	can purchase a member package at our sales office in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Member packages include products and points that carry a
	value that approximates the package price. Each member package is available in English and Chinese and typically includes
	booklets describing us, our compensation plan and rules of member conduct, various training and promotional materials, member
	applications and a product and services catalog. The price of a member package varies by package type and provides a low cost
	entry for incoming members. On June 19, 2015, we began offering the following four member packages:


	 




	 



	•




	Holiday Card Member





	 




	 



	•




	Classic Card Member





	 




	 



	•




	Gold Card Member





	 




	 



	•




	Black Card Member





	 


	The Holiday Card Member package was our entry
	based package, designed for members that wished to try or test our products and services for no annual fee.
	Holiday Card members had access to our Local and International Membership Subscription, value travel packages and
	accommodation booking services. This package was terminated in 2017.


	 


	The Classic Card Member package is our mid-level entry
	package and is designed for members that wish to earn extra benefits in addition to those available under our former Holiday
	Card Member package. It requires a yearly subscription payment of US$8,000 for our International Membership Subscription, or
	RM 20,000 for our Local Membership Subscription. It provides members up to 12% discount rewards per annum and access to our
	entertainment services, air ticket purchase services, value travel packages and accommodation booking services.


	 


	The Gold Card Member package is our advanced entry-level package.
	This package provides members up to 13.2% discount rewards per annum and access to our travel arrangement services, entertainment
	services, air ticket purchase services, value travel packages and accommodation booking services. It requires a yearly subscription
	payment of US$16,000 for our International Subscription or RM 50,000 for our Local Membership Subscription.


	 


	The Black Card Member package is our professional
	entry-level package. It requires a yearly subscription payment of US$32,000 for our International Membership Subscription or
	RM 100,000 for our Local Membership Subscription. It provides members up to 14.4% discount rewards per annum and access to
	our travel arrangement services, entertainment services, air ticket purchase services, value travel packages and
	accommodation booking services.


	 


	Members’ subscription amount will be converted
	into member redemption points (“MRP”) on an equivalent basis. MRPs can be utilized to purchase products and
	services offered by us and our partnering company Ho Wah Genting Holiday SDH BHD, a Malaysian corporation
	(“HWGH”), which pursuant to our Travel and Junket Service Contract dated April 1, 2016, provides travel agency
	services and prepares tour packages, hotel bookings, and transportation arrangements to offer HWGG’s members and
	customers. We will recognize revenue from our Exclusive Travel Membership once our members utilize their MRPs on such
	services and facilities. Discount rewards will be calculated based on month end point balance and rewarded based on month end
	MRP balance. Discount rewards can be exchanged for entertainment vouchers at selected destinations. All of our membership
	options terminate after twelve (12) months.


	 


	Since launching our membership program in Malaysia in 2015,
	with minimal promotion, we have generated 252 active members as of December 31, 2016 with the following breakdown:


	 




	 



	•




	Holiday Card Members Card




	:




	22





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	 



	•




	Classic Card Member

	s



	:




	110





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	•




	Gold Card Member

	s



	:




	76





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 



	•




	Black Card Member

	s



	:




	44






	 


	With our group’s foresight of the
	rising competition in the leisure and gaming industry, our main priority is to develop and acquire a unique premium market database
	via online subscription to our membership program. With the Asian market in sight, we believe a huge database of users will result
	in better negotiation leverage to secure the best deals for our members, thereby fortifying our unique selling propositions.


	 


	In connection to our Exclusive Travel Membership, we also
	provide junket operating services by promoting premium market players to our partner’s resorts and cruise lines. We
	currently have an agreement to operate as a licensed junket operator for Genting Malaysia Berhad, a Malaysian public company
	involved in the leisure and hospitality business covering theme parks, gaming, hotels, seaside resorts and entertainment for
	over fifty years throughout Asia, and Genting Hong Kong Limited, a Hong-Kong based investment holding company principally
	engaged in cruise businesses. To date, HWGG is an approved junket operator and local group casino rebate programme for
	Genting Malaysia Berhad’s casino in Peninsular Malaysia and Genting Hong Kong Limited’s entire Star Cruises Fleet
	and Resorts World Manila. Pursuant to the Travel and Junket Service Contract, we shared 50% of the commission earned through
	certain junket operations with HWGH. Starting 2017, HWGG takes 100% of the junket commission from its operations with HWGH.
	Our Exclusive Travel Membership members may exchange their MRPs for junket services at various leisure entities such as
	resorts and cruises offered by our strategic partners. HWGG earns an average of 1.0% - 1.5% for the rolling activities of our
	players.


	 








	 



	2



	 







	 




	 


	With such an attractive line-up of privileges and benefits exclusively
	available to our members, we believe our membership program will stand out as a popular product in Asia’s premium entertainment
	market. Our Exclusive Travel Membership will further add value to the company as we progress into a future that is increasingly
	dominated by big data technologies.


	 



	Marketing Plan, Overview and Business Strategy



	 


	According to the World Travel and Tourism Council, travel and
	tourism generated $7.6 trillion (USD) and 277 million jobs for the global economy in 2014. In that same year, the World Travel
	and Tourism Council also noted that international tourist arrivals also surged, reaching nearly 1.14 billion, 46% of which were
	visitors from emerging economies (up from 38% in 2000).


	 


	Through our Exclusive Travel Membership, we intend to tap the
	travel and tourism industry, particularly through Asia’s emerging markets. We currently provide service arrangements to our
	partners’ exclusive entertainment lounges located in Malaysia, Singapore, Philippines, and China. Through the growth of our
	membership, we believe we will gain better negotiation power for the best travel deals for our members, enhancing our unique selling
	points, products and services that we offer our customers.


	 


	As China reigns supreme as Asia’s biggest superpower,
	it is the biggest market when it comes to membership acquisition due to its large population and huge spending power. We believe
	China will be one of the biggest contributors to our Company’s revenue due to our strategic partner’s fleet of cruises
	launched in the China region.


	 


	We also believe our junket operation business will be a huge
	contributor to our future revenue. According to the Statistic Portal, in 2012 the global casino gaming market was projected to
	have a volume of $131.35 billion (USD). Based on Business Wire News, Asia comprises sixty percent of the world population and is
	home to many of the world’s top ten biggest casinos by gambling revenue, which are located in Macau and Singapore.


	 


	We believe in our strategic partner’s vision of
	not only promoting the gaming industry but also marketing family focused entertainment, such as entertainment parks,
	shopping malls and concerts. This diverse marketing approach of our partners will help attract not only the premium market
	but also satisfy the mass market as well. Since the Company promotes our strategic partners’ resorts and cruises, any
	promotion of these entertainment and travel destinations will indirectly benefit the Company. This is a distinct advantage for
	the Company as it builds our market exposure for our products.


	 


	To ensure that our Exclusive Travel Membership and junket operation
	services become known throughout Asia, we plan to release and promote information through word of mouth, promotion and organizing
	events to further increase our brand recognition.


	 



	Competition and Competitive Strengths



	 




	Our competition, which is strong and increasing, includes online
	and offline travel companies that target leisure and corporate travelers, including travel agencies, tour operators, travel supplier
	direct websites and their call centers, consolidators and wholesalers of travel products and services, large online portals and
	search websites, certain travel metasearch websites, mobile travel applications and social media websites, as well as traditional
	consumer eCommerce and group buying websites. We face these competitors in local, regional, national and/or international markets.
	Many of our competitors are well established, substantially larger and have substantially greater market recognition, greater
	resources and broader capabilities than we have. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against
	current and future competitors. The competitive pressures that we face may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
	financial condition and results of operations.


	 


	We believe that while we currently
	may have disadvantages in the travel and entertainment market, the growth of this market will allow us to earn additional
	market share if we can expand our membership database and maintain reliable, responsive, and quality service to our Exclusive
	Travel Membership members and partners.


	 


	We intend to use our expertise in
	the Asian markets and a user-friendly website to compete with the major competitors in this field. We plan to compete on the
	basis of ease of use, pricing and customer preference.


	 


	Junket operation is a niche market, competition is not high,
	however, it requires a substantial network of high-roller tourists in order to attract VIP players. By providing discount rewards,
	high quality services and with the continuously growing network that our senior management has, we believe that we are able to
	pull the necessary VIP players to be successful.



	 




	Real Estate Investment Business



	 


	Prior to entering the entertainment and travel industry, HWGG
	was primary engaged in residential and commercial property investment and development in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Throughout the
	years, we have been approached by property developers and investors requesting that we study property projects in Malaysia. Our
	portfolio currently consists of a condominium in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia which generates rental income for us. We may sell or purchase
	further properties, if opportunities arise that we believe will maximize our overall asset values.


	 


	According to local news sources in Malaysia, Malaysia’s
	property market has softened considerably in 2015 due to cooling measures implemented by its government including stricter and
	more stringent loan requirements. According to a report published by Malaysia’s Real Estate and Housing Developers Association,
	loan rejection rates have been reported to be as high as 70%, negatively impacting the country’s property market. A Goods
	and Services Tax (“GST”) was implemented across the board on April 1, 2015, and property transactions in the first
	quarter of the year fell by 4.6%, from 92,900 for the same period in 2014. New property prices are estimated to have increased
	by 3.97% due to higher material costs. While Malaysia’s property market has achieved relative stability compared with the
	bull run of recent years, it is perceived that this is largely due to the economic situation in the country and not due to the
	implementation of GST. Domestic buyers are increasingly unable to enter the property market at affordable levels which has resulted
	in market stagnation in certain regions of Malaysia. The Ringgit Malaysia fell at a 16-year low has caused the property investment
	market to subdue due to market uncertainties.


	 






	 



	3



	 







	 




	 


	Notwithstanding these measures, we expect the housing market
	to remain resilient and sustainable in the near future. According to an article published by Asean Today, properties in Malaysia
	will hit a peak by year 2020. Surveys conducted by local reputable firms specializing in analyzing Malaysian investment behavior,
	noted that Malaysians prefer to invest in property due to higher yields on rental, good appreciation, retirement plan, for better
	environment and for affordable pricing. Our management believes that foreign investors actually favor Malaysian property due to
	Malaysia’s modern and sophisticated infrastructure that is being further enhanced by government initiatives to facilitate
	foreign investment in Malaysia, including tax incentives and easing of laws governing foreign ownership of property. We believe
	that the property cycle has or will be reaching its bottom line soon and the cycle will turn within these few years. Even with
	a slowdown in property transaction, our management believes the price of the properties does not drop much (most of the properties
	either go up in price or remain unchanged) and that real estate investment remains attractive to foreign buyers due to Malaysian’s
	weaker ringgit (which mean the properties in Malaysia are relatively cheap to foreign investors). All this information provides
	assurance to us that the property sector in Malaysia remains solid and that now is the best time to invest in this industry. We
	also believe that by remaining in the property investment industry, we will capture this market by building our brand name.


	 


	We may not be able to compete with the big companies at our
	current stage. Our competitors may have larger financial capacities, greater resource availability, and more diversification in
	terms of their property portfolios and experience.  Our competitive strategies will focus on the following key areas: lease
	and sales strategy, target local market (mostly mid income earner), target foreign market (partly mid income earner and partly
	high income earner) and strategize location with a reasonable pricing.


	 


	We have engaged project managers to look into enhancing this
	sector of our business and are in the early state of exploring and planning our next property investment project. On November 23,
	2016, we acquired rights to purchase 202 units in a condominium development scheduled to be completed no later than December 31,
	2017 in Negeri Johor, Malaysia, at 40% below market price. Pursuant to such agreement, we are able to resale the units to customers
	at market price. We will earn approximately 40% of the gross revenue for each unit that we are able to sell by December 31, 2017
	and have no obligations to purchase any units that we are unable to find customers for.


	 



	Information Technology Business



	 


	On June 25, 2015, HWGG acquired 65% of the equity
	interests of Beedo SDN BHD, a Malaysian corporation that specializes in information technology services
	(“Beedo”). On July 7, 2015, Beedo increased its issued and paid-up shares from 2,500 to 1,000,000. HWGG acquired
	an additional 508,375 shares on that date, making its balance of shares 510,000 and effectively diluting its ownership in
	Beedo from 65% to 51%. On August 12, 2016, HWGG completed the disposal of its subsidiary, Beedo, by wholly transferring the
	shares it owns to a related party, Dato’ Lim Hui Boon, for the consideration of $118,881 (RM 510,000). Since selling
	its interest of Beedo, we no longer participate in the information technology services industry.


	 



	Long Term Plans



	 


	Our long term plan is to expand our travel and
	entertainment and junket operation business throughout Asia and to the United States, particularly in Las Vegas, Nevada. To
	achieve this, we will continue to make improvements on our Exclusive Travel Membership and network of VIP players and
	receive feedback from our members and strategic partners. We will also need to conduct further research
	and studies to better understand the travel and tourism business and junket operator requirements in those markets.


	 


	Additionally, we plan to create an online gaming platform to
	enhance our membership services. The global online gambling market is expected to grow at a rate of up to 11% from 2016 to 2020,
	according to Technavio’s report as released in late 2015. The American Gaming Association says the online gambling market
	is currently valued at approximately US $37 billion annually, and 85 countries have chosen to legalize Internet gambling. With
	regard to the United States, only a few states have permitted online casino gambling to date, including Nevada, New Jersey and
	Delaware. A significant share of global online gambling revenue comes from Europe. According to the European Commission, the online
	gambling market is about $15 billion per year, and it is growing at a rate of approximately 15% on an annual basis. We believe
	that the online gambling sector is an industry that can contribute significantly to our revenue and further enhance our shareholder
	value.


	 


	Another long term plan is to set up an investment fund. Our
	management team is currently working with a few investment firms to form connections in order to further contribute to our revenue.


	 


	Our management has experience in the Hong Kong, Malaysia and
	US markets. Our management has helped raise funds for various companies to be used as working capital and other corporate
	exercise matters, including mergers and acquisitions. Our management has also conducted due diligence for more than 10 different
	types of industries (mining, construction, properties, manufacturing, food and beverage, trading, beauty products, furniture products
	and others) for potential investment purposes. With the experience of our management team, we believe that opening an investment
	fund will be a viable and profitable option to enhance the value of our Company overtime. We intend to work with reputable partners
	to invest in securities and other permitted assets to generate an additional revenue stream and increase profit for our shareholders.


	 








	 



	4



	 







	 




	 



	Patents and Trademarks




	 



	At the present we do not have any patents
	or trademarks.


	 



	Need for any Government Approval of Services



	 


	We do not require any government approval
	for our services.


	 


	In the event any of our operations or services
	requires government approval, we will comply with any and all local, state and federal requirements.


	 



	Government and Industry Regulation



	 


	We are committed to complying with all federal, state and international
	laws governing our business operations.


	 


	We believe that we comply with the requirements in Malaysia
	for any licenses or approvals to pursue our proposed business plan. In locations where we operate, the applicable laws and regulations
	are subject to amendment or interpretation by regulatory authorities. Generally, such authorities are vested with relatively broad
	discretion to grant, renew and revoke licensee and approvals, and to implement regulations. Possible sanctions which may be imposed
	include the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business for specific periods of time,
	revocation of licenses, censures, redress to customers and fines. We may be prevented from operating if our activities are not
	in compliance with domestic Malaysian regulations.


	 


	In addition, we may be subject to various laws and regulations
	globally, particularly with respect to our travel and entertainment segment of our business. Many countries have either implemented
	new laws or made revisions to existing laws on travel and entertainment, particularly in the gaming industry, in the last decade.
	We may be prevented from operating if our activities are not in compliance with certain foreign regulations and must take action
	to comply with such relevant laws and regulations.


	 


	As a junket operator, we may deal with significant amounts of
	cash in our operations and may be subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering regulations. Such laws and regulations
	could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted which could adversely
	affect our operating results.


	 


	Furthermore, our real estate investments are subject to extensive
	local, city, county and state rules and regulations regarding permitting, zoning, subdivision, utilities and water quality as well
	as federal rules and regulations regarding air and water quality and protection of endangered species and their habitats. Such
	regulation may delay future plans of development of our current and future properties and result in higher than anticipated developmental
	and administrative costs.


	 



	Research and Development Activities



	 


	Other than time spent researching our business
	and proposed markets and segmentation, the Company has not spent any funds on research and development activities to date. In the
	event opportunities arise from our operations, the Company may elect to initiate research and development activities, but the Company
	has no plans for any activities to date.


	 



	Environmental Laws




	 



	Our operations are not subject to any Environmental
	Laws.


	 



	Employees



	 


	We currently have 7 full time employees, all of which are located
	in Malaysia. None of our employees are members of any labor union, and we have never experienced any business interruption as a
	result of any labor disputes.


	 



	Internet Access to Other Information



	 


	Information included on our website does not constitute part of this Report.



	 







	ITEM 1A. Risk Factors



	 



	RISK FACTORS





	 






	AN INVESTMENT IN OUR SECURITIES IS HIGHLY SPECULATIVE
	AND INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. WE FACE A VARIETY OF RISKS THAT MAY AFFECT OUR OPERATIONS OR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND MANY OF
	THOSE RISKS ARE DRIVEN BY FACTORS THAT WE CANNOT CONTROL OR PREDICT. BEFORE INVESTING IN THE SECURITIES YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER
	THE FOLLOWING RISKS, TOGETHER WITH THE FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS
	ACTUALLY OCCURS, OUR BUSINESS, PROSPECTS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COULD BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED.
	IN THAT CASE, THE TRADING PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK WOULD LIKELY DECLINE AND YOU MAY LOSE ALL OR A PART OF YOUR INVESTMENT. ONLY
	THOSE INVESTORS WHO CAN BEAR THE RISK OF LOSS OF THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT SHOULD CONSIDER AN INVESTMENT IN OUR SECURITIES.




	 






	 



	5



	 







	 




	 




	THIS REPORT CONTAINS CERTAIN STATEMENTS RELATING TO FUTURE
	EVENTS OR THE FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF OUR COMPANY. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE CAUTIONED THAT SUCH STATEMENTS ARE ONLY PREDICTIONS
	AND INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, AND THAT ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY. IN EVALUATING SUCH STATEMENTS, PROSPECTIVE
	INVESTORS SHOULD SPECIFICALLY CONSIDER THE VARIOUS FACTORS IDENTIFIED IN THIS REPORT, INCLUDING THE MATTERS SET FORTH BELOW, WHICH
	COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE INDICATED BY SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.




	 


	If any of the following or other risks materialize, the Company’s
	business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected which, in turn, could adversely
	impact the value of our Common Stock. In such a case, investors in our Common Stock could lose all or part of their investment.


	 


	Prospective investors should consider carefully whether an investment
	in the Company is suitable for them in light of the information contained in this Report and the financial resources available
	to them. The risks described below do not purport to be all the risks to which the Company or the Company could be exposed. This
	section is a summary of certain risks and is not set out in any particular order of priority. They are the risks that we presently
	believe are material to the operations of the Company. Additional risks of which we are not presently aware or which we presently
	deem immaterial may also impair the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.



	 




	Risks Related to our Business and the Industry in Which We
	Operate





	 





	We cannot assure you that we will be profitable.



	 


	There is no assurance that we will be profitable, now or in the future. We
	forecast our future expense levels based on our operating plans and our estimates of future revenues. We may find it necessary
	to significantly accelerate expenditures relating to our sales and marketing efforts or otherwise increase our financial commitment
	to creating and maintaining brand awareness among Internet users and advertisers. We may also make investments in our products,
	discontinue underperforming products, as well as develop new products that may impact our profitability. If our revenues grow
	at a slower rate than we anticipate or decline, or if our spending levels exceed our expectations or cannot be adjusted to
	reflect slower revenue growth, we may not generate sufficient revenues to be profitable. Any of these developments could result
	in a significant decrease in the trading price of our common stock.


	 




	We have a limited operating history upon which investors
	can evaluate our future prospects.




	 


	HWGG did not enter the travel planning, junket operations and
	information technology services industry until 2015. As an early stage company, it is difficult for our management and our investors
	to accurately forecast and evaluate our future prospects and our financial results. Our operations are therefore subject to all
	of the risks inherent in light of the expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with
	the formation of any new business, as well as those risks that are specific to our business in particular. An investment in an
	early stage company such as ours involves a degree of risk, including the possibility that entire investments may be lost. The
	risks include, but are not limited to, the possibility that we will not be able to develop expected marketing and distribution
	channels, attract sufficient numbers of members, or products and/or services which will be accepted in the market. To successfully
	introduce and market our products and services, we must establish brand name recognition and competitive advantages for our products
	and services. There are no assurances that we can successfully address these challenges. If we are unsuccessful, we and our business,
	financial condition and operating results will be materially and adversely affected.




	 






	Our business is sensitive to
	the willingness of our customers to travel. Acts of terrorism, regional political events and developments in the conflicts in certain
	countries could cause severe disruptions in travel that reduce the number of our active members, resulting in a material adverse
	effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.




	 


	We are dependent on the willingness
	of our customers and members to travel. Acts of terrorism may severely disrupt domestic and international travel, which would result
	in a decrease in customers desire to travel. Regional conflicts could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel.
	Management cannot predict the extent to which disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of any further terrorist
	act, outbreak of hostilities or escalation of war would have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
	or cash flows.




	 






	Natural or man-made disasters,
	an outbreak of highly infectious disease, terrorist activity or war could adversely affect customers’ willingness to travel
	and disrupt our operations, resulting in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.




	 


	So called “Acts
	of God,” such as typhoons, particularly in Macao, and other natural disasters, man-made disasters, outbreaks of highly infectious
	diseases, such as avian flu, SARS and H1N1 flu, terrorist activity or war may result in decreases in travel to and from, and economic
	activity in, areas in which we offer travel discounts, packages and awards and may adversely affect the number of our active members.
	Any of these events also may disrupt our ability to adequately staff our business, could generally disrupt our operations and could
	have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.


	 




	We will rely on third parties to develop the products
	and services which we offer and sell.




	 


	We will not develop the travel products, packages and services
	which we offer and sell. Therefore, our success will substantially depend upon our ability to develop, maintain and expand our
	strategic relationships with our partners. Any impairment in our relationship with these partners could have a material adverse
	effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. There can be no assurance that we will be able
	to retain these relationships on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.


	 






	 



	6



	 







	 






	 






	Our products and services may not be accepted in the market.




	 


	We cannot be certain that the products and services which we
	may determine to market and sell will achieve or maintain market acceptance. Market acceptance of our products and services depends
	on many factors, including our ability to convince individuals to join our Exclusive Travel Membership, present our products and
	services as more attractive than competing products and services and price products and services competitively.




	 






	If we are unable to retain our existing members and recruit
	additional members, our revenue will not increase and may even decline.




	 


	Our members may terminate their services at any time and we
	will experience relatively high turnover among our members from year to year. People who join us to purchase our products and services
	for personal consumption frequently will only stay with us for a short time. To increase our revenue, we must increase the number
	of our members.


	 


	If our initiatives do not drive growth in the number of our
	members our operating results could be harmed. Our operating results could be harmed if we do not generate sufficient interest
	in our business and or products and services to retain and motivate our existing members and attract new members to join us.


	 


	The number and productivity of our members could be harmed by
	several additional factors, including:


	 






	•


	any adverse publicity regarding us, our products and services, our distribution channels, or our competitors;




	 






	•


	lack of interest in, dissatisfaction with, or the technical failure of, existing or new products and services;




	 






	•


	lack of compelling products or services or income opportunities that generate interest;




	 






	•


	any negative public perception of our products and services;




	 






	•


	our actions to enforce our policies and procedures;




	 






	•


	any regulatory actions or charges against us or others in our industry;




	 






	•


	general economic and business conditions; and




	 






	•


	potential saturation or maturity levels in a given country or market which could negatively impact our ability to attract and
	retain members in such market.






	 






	Laws and regulations may prohibit or severely restrict
	the business that we are involved in and cause our revenue and profitability to decline, and regulators could adopt new regulations
	that harm our business.




	 


	Various government agencies throughout the world regulate travelling
	and entertainment practices. Different country has different laws and regulations, in certain of the jurisdictions in which we
	operate and expect to operate are stringent than others and subject to broad discretion in enforcement by regulators.


	 


	Complying with these widely varying and sometimes inconsistent
	rules and regulations can be difficult, time-consuming and expensive, and may require significant resources. The laws and regulations
	may modify from time to time. This can require us to make changes to our business model and aspects of our sales plan in the markets
	impacted by such changes. If we are unable to continue business in existing markets or commence operations in new markets because
	of these laws, our revenue and profitability may decline.




	 






	Adverse publicity concerning our business, marketing plan,
	products and services or people could harm our business and reputation.




	 


	Expected growth in our member base and consumers and our results
	of operations can be particularly impacted by adverse publicity regarding us, the nature business model, our products and services
	or the actions of our members and employees. Given the nature of our operations and our continuous need to recruit and retain consumers
	and members, we are particularly vulnerable to adverse publicity.


	 


	Critics of our industry and individuals who want to pursue an
	agenda may, in the future, utilize the Internet, the press and other means to publish criticisms of the industry, our company and
	our competitors, or make allegations regarding our business and operations, or the business and operations of our competitors.
	We or others in our industry may receive similar negative publicity or allegations in the future, and it may harm our business
	and reputation.




	 














	 



	7



	 







	 






	 






	Our ability to conduct business in international markets
	may be affected by political, legal, tax and regulatory risks.




	 


	Our ability to capitalize on growth in international markets
	is exposed to risks associated with our international operations, including:


	 






	•


	the possibility that a foreign government might ban or severely restrict our business method (especially our junket business),
	or that local civil unrest, political instability or changes in diplomatic or trade relationships might disrupt our operations
	in an international market;




	 






	•


	the lack of well-established or reliable legal systems in certain areas where we operate or expect to operate;




	 






	•


	the presence of high inflation in the economies of international markets in which we operate or expect to operate;




	 






	•


	the possibility that a government authority might impose legal, tax or other financial burdens on us or our sales force, due,
	for example, to the structure of our operations in various markets; and




	 






	•


	the possibility that governments may impose currency remittance restrictions limiting our ability to repatriate cash.




	 




	Government authorities may question our tax or customs
	positions or change their laws in a manner that could increase our effective tax rate or otherwise harm our business.




	 


	As a U.S. company doing business globally, we are subject to
	all applicable tax and customs laws, including those relating to intercompany pricing regulations and transactions between our
	corporate entities in the jurisdictions in which we do business. We expect that periodically we will be audited by tax and customs
	authorities around the world. If authorities challenge our tax or customs positions, including those regarding transfer pricing
	and customs valuation and classification, we may be subject to penalties, interest and payment of back taxes or customs duties.
	Since tax rates vary from country to country, any tax assessments might also impact our ability to fully utilize foreign tax credits
	on our U.S. consolidated tax return. The tax and customs laws in each jurisdiction are continually changing and are further subject
	to interpretation by the local government agencies. Despite our best efforts to be aware of and comply with tax and customs laws,
	including changes to and interpretations thereof, there is a potential risk that the local authorities may argue that we are out
	of compliance. Such situations may require that we defend our positions and/or adjust our operating procedures in response to such
	changes. Any or all of these potential risks may increase our effective tax rate or otherwise harm our business.




	 






	We do not carry any business interruption insurance, product
	liability or recall insurance or third-party liability insurance.




	 


	Our business operations may involve many
	risks, including natural disasters, labor disturbances, business interruptions, property damage, personal injury and death. We
	do not carry any business interruption insurance or third-party liability insurance for our business to cover claims in respect
	of personal injury or property or environmental damage arising from accidents on our property or relating to our operations. Therefore,
	we may not have insurance coverage sufficient to cover all risks associated with our business. As a result, we may be required
	to pay for financial and other losses, damages and liabilities, including those caused by natural disasters and other events beyond
	our control, out of our own funds, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
	of operations.





	We depend on our key personnel, and the loss of the services provided by any of our executive officers or other key employees could
	harm our business and results of operations.




	 


	Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued
	contributions of our senior management and other key employees, many of whom would be difficult to replace. Our senior management
	and key employees may voluntarily terminate their employment with us at any time. In addition, we need to continue to attract and
	develop qualified management personnel to sustain growth in our markets. If we are not able to successfully retain existing personnel
	and identify, hire and integrate new personnel, our business and growth prospects could be harmed.




	 






	The inability of our products and services and other initiatives
	to gain or maintain market acceptance could harm our business.




	 


	Our operating results could be adversely affected if our products
	and services, business opportunities, and other initiatives do not generate sufficient enthusiasm and economic benefit to attract
	new consumers and people interested in joining our Exclusive Travel Membership. Potential factors affecting the attractiveness
	of our products and services, business opportunities, and other initiatives include, among other items, perceived product and service
	quality, product and service exclusivity or effectiveness, economic success in our business opportunity, adverse media attention
	or regulatory restrictions on claims.


	 


	In addition, our ability to develop and introduce new products
	and services could be impacted by, among other items, government regulations, the inability to attract and retain qualified development
	staff, the termination of third-party collaborative arrangements, intellectual property of competitors that may limit our ability
	to offer innovative products and services or that challenge our own intellectual property, and difficulties in anticipating changes
	in consumer tastes and buying preferences.


	 








	 



	8



	 







	 






	 






	Our markets are intensely competitive and market conditions
	and the strengths of competitors may harm our business.




	 


	The markets for our products and services are intensely competitive.
	Our results of operations may be harmed by market conditions and competition in the future. Many competitors have much greater
	name recognition and financial resources than we have, which may give them a competitive advantage.


	 




	Any failure of our internal controls over financial reporting
	or our compliance efforts could harm our stock price and our financial and operating results or could result in fines or penalties.




	 


	We have implemented internal controls to help ensure the accuracy
	of our financial reporting and have implemented compliance policies and programs to help ensure that our employees comply with applicable laws and regulations. We regularly assess the effectiveness of our internal controls. There can be no assurance,
	however, that our internal or external assessments and audits will identify all significant or material weaknesses in our internal
	controls. Any failure to correct a weakness in internal controls could result in the disclosure of a material weakness. If a material
	weakness results in a material misstatement in our financial results, we may also have to restate our financial statements.


	 


	From time to time, we may initiate further investigations into
	our business operations based on the results of our internal and external audits or on complaints, questions or allegations made
	by employees or other parties regarding our business practices and operations. In addition, our business and operations may be
	investigated by applicable government authorities. In the event any of these investigations identify material violations of applicable
	laws by our employees, we could be subject to adverse publicity, fines, penalties or loss of licenses or permits.




	 






	Cyber security risks and the failure to maintain the integrity
	of our member data could expose us to data loss, litigation and liability, and our reputation could be significantly harmed.




	 


	We will collect and retain large volumes of member data,
	including credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information, for business purposes, including for
	transactional and promotional purposes, and our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and report
	such data. The integrity and protection of this data is critical to our business. We are subject to significant security and
	privacy regulations, as well as requirements imposed by the credit card industry. Maintaining compliance with these evolving
	regulations and requirements could be difficult and may increase our expenses. In addition, a penetrated or compromised data
	system or the intentional, inadvertent or negligent release or disclosure of data could result in theft, loss or fraudulent
	or unlawful use of company, employee, or member data which could harm our reputation, disrupt our operations, or result in
	remedial and other costs, fines or lawsuits.




	 






	Some of the markets in which we operate may become highly
	inflationary, which could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.




	 


	In some of our markets, we face risks associated with high levels
	of inflation. High levels of inflation and currency devaluations in any of our markets could negatively impact our balance sheet
	and results of operations.




	 






	Some of the markets in which we operate have currency
	controls in place, which may restrict our repatriation of cash.




	 


	If foreign governments restrict transfers of cash out of their
	country and control exchange rates, we may be limited as to the timing and amount of cash we can repatriate and may not be able
	to repatriate cash at beneficial exchange rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results
	of operations or cash flows.




	 






	Our business could be severely harmed
	if the Malaysian government changes its policies, laws, regulations, tax structure or its current interpretations of its laws,
	rules and regulations relating to our operations in Malaysia.




	 


	Our business is located in Kuala Lumpur,
	Malaysia and virtually all of our assets are located in Malaysia. Majority of our members and customers are located in Malaysia.
	Our results of operations, financial state of affairs and future growth are, to a significant degree, subject to Malaysia’s
	economic, political and legal development and related uncertainties. Our operations and results could be materially affected by
	a number of factors, including, but not limited to


	 






	•



	Changes
	in policies by the Malaysian government resulting in changes in laws or regulations or the interpretation of laws or regulations,





	 








	 



	9



	 







	 




	 






	•



	changes
	in taxation,









	•



	changes
	in employment restrictions,









	•



	import
	duties, and









	•



	currency
	revaluation.





	 




	Failure to comply with the U.S. foreign
	corrupt practices act and Chinese anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.




	 


	Our executive officers, employees and other
	agents may violate applicable law in connection with the marketing or sale of our products and services, including China’s
	anti-corruption laws and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, which generally prohibits United States companies
	from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business.
	In addition, we are required to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent our transactions and have an adequate system
	of internal accounting controls. The PRC also strictly prohibits bribery of government officials. However, corruption, extortion,
	bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in the PRC.


	 


	While we intend to implement measures to
	ensure compliance with the FCPA and Chinese anti-corruption laws by all individuals involved with our company, our employees or
	other agents may engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have
	engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our
	business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our brand and reputation, our sales activities or the price
	of our ordinary shares could be adversely affected if we become the target of any negative publicity as a result of actions taken
	by our employees or other agents.


	 


	We have not had, and do not intend to have,
	any current or historic experience with non-compliance with FCPA or Chinese anti-corruption laws.



	 




	Our current management team has very limited experience in operating a public company and complying with public company obligations.




	 




	Our
	current management team has limited experience in operating a publicly traded company in the United States. As a public company,
	we are subject to a number of requirements, including the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
	amended, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These requirements might place a strain on our systems, resources and management,
	and as a result, our management’s attention might be diverted from other business concerns, which could have a material
	adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 




	 








	Risk Factors to our Real Estate Property Investment Business




	 





	If we are unable to find suitable real estate property investments,
	we may not be able to achieve our investment objectives.




	 


	Our ability to achieve our investment objectives
	depends upon the performance of our management, in the acquisition of our real estate property investments, including the determination
	of any financing arrangements, and upon the performance of our property managers in the selection of tenants and negotiation of
	leasing arrangements. The current market for properties meeting our investment objectives is highly competitive as is the leasing
	market for such properties. We are also subject to competition in seeking to acquire real estate-related investments. We can give
	no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining suitable investments on financially attractive terms or that, our investment
	objectives will be achieved.


	 




	Our inability to sell or lease a
	property when we desire could adversely affect our business.




	 


	Many factors that are beyond our control
	affect the real estate market and could affect our ability to sell or lease properties for the price, on the terms or within the
	time frame that we desire. These factors include general economic conditions, the availability of financing, interest rates and
	other factors, including supply and demand. Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, we will have a limited ability
	to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Further, before we can sell or lease a property on
	the terms we want, it may be necessary to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements. We, however, can give no assurance
	that we will have the funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. We may be unable to sell or lease our
	properties at a profit. Our inability to sell or lease properties at the time and on the terms we want could reduce our cash flow
	and future earnings.




	 






	Potential development and construction
	delays and resultant increased costs and risks may hinder our operating results and decrease our net income.




	 


	From time to time we may acquire unimproved
	real property or properties that are under development or construction. Investments in such properties will be subject to the uncertainties
	associated with the development and construction of real property, including those related to re-zoning land for development, environmental
	concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups and our builders’ ability to build in conformity with plans, specifications,
	budgeted costs and timetables. If a builder fails to perform, we may resort to legal action to rescind the purchase or the construction
	contract or to compel performance. A builder’s performance may also be affected or delayed by conditions beyond the builder’s
	control. Delays in completing construction could also give tenants the right to terminate preconstruction leases. We may incur
	additional risks when we make periodic progress payments or other advances to builders before they complete construction. These
	and other factors can result in increased costs of a project or loss of our investment. In addition, we will be subject to normal
	lease-up risks relating to newly constructed projects. We also must rely on rental income and expense projections and estimates
	of the fair market value of property upon completion of construction when agreeing upon a purchase price at the time we acquire
	the property. If our projections are inaccurate, we may pay too much for a property, and the return on our investment could suffer.




	 














	 



	10



	 







	 












	 






	Competition with third parties in
	acquiring properties and other investments may reduce our profitability and the return on our stockholders’ investment.




	 


	We believe that the current market for properties that meet our investment objectives is extremely competitive
	and many of our competitors have greater resources than we do. We compete with many other entities engaged in real estate investment
	activities, including individuals, corporations, bank and insurance company investment accounts, real estate limited partnerships
	and trusts and other entities engaged in real estate investment activities. Larger real estate investment companies may enjoy significant
	competitive advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital and enhanced operating efficiencies. In addition,
	the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investments may increase. If we pay higher prices for properties
	and other investments, our returns will be lower and the value of our assets may not appreciate or may decrease significantly below
	the amount we paid for such assets. If such events occur, our stockholders may experience a lower return on their investment.



	 




	Risks Related to our Financial Condition





	 






	We have a history of losses and we may not achieve or
	sustain profitability in the future.




	 


	We have incurred losses since our inception. We anticipate
	that our operating expenses will increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to invest to grow our business, engage new
	members to our Exclusive Travel Membership, and invest in real estate property. These efforts may prove more expensive than we
	currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in generating sufficient revenues to offset these higher expenses. If we are
	unable to do so, the Company and its business, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely
	affected.




	 






	Our operating losses raise substantial doubt about our
	ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not continue as a going concern, investors could lose their entire investment.




	 


	Our historical operating losses and lack of revenues to support
	our cost structure raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not generate revenues, do
	not achieve profitability and do not have other sources of financing for our business, we may have to curtail or cease our development
	plans and operations, which could cause investors to lose the entire amount of their investment.




	 






	Our reported financial results may be adversely affected
	by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.




	 


	Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
	are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
	the Securities and Exchange Commission and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles.
	A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and could affect
	the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change.




	 






	We may incur significant costs to ensure compliance with
	United States corporate governance and accounting requirements.




	 


	We may incur significant costs associated
	with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including
	requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect
	all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some
	activities more time consuming and costly. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult
	and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits
	and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult
	for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently
	evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount
	of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. HWGG, our operating company, is newly reporting and we are adjusting
	to the increased disclosure requirements for us to comply with corporate governance and accounting requirements.


	 








	 



	11



	 







	 





	 




	Investment Risks





	 






	You could lose all of your investment.




	 


	An investment in our securities is speculative and involves
	a high degree of risk. Potential investors should be aware that the value of an investment in the Company may go down as well as
	up. In addition, there can be no certainty that the market value of an investment in the Company will fully reflect its underlying
	value. You could lose your entire investment.




	 






	You may experience dilution of your ownership interests
	because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock or other securities that are convertible into
	or exercisable for our common or preferred stock.




	 


	In the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued
	equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present stockholders and the purchasers of our shares
	offered hereby. The Company will be authorized to issue an aggregate of 1,500,000,000 shares of Common Stock. We may issue additional
	shares of our Common Stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our Common Stock in connection with
	hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business
	purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our Common Stock may create downward pressure on the trading price
	of the Common Stock. We will need to raise additional capital in the near future to meet our working capital needs, and there can
	be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future
	in conjunction with these capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise prices) below the price you paid for your
	stock.




	 






	There currently is no public market for our Common Stock
	and there can be no assurance that a public market will ever develop. Failure to develop or maintain a trading market could negatively
	affect the value of our Common Stock and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares.




	 


	There is currently no public market for shares of our Common
	Stock and one may never develop. Our Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Markets. The OTC Markets is a thinly traded market and lacks
	the liquidity of certain other public markets with which some investors may have more experience. We may not ever be able to satisfy
	the listing requirements for our Common Stock to be listed on a national securities exchange, which is often a more widely-traded
	and liquid market. Some, but not all, of the factors which may delay or prevent the listing of our Common Stock on a more widely-traded
	and liquid market include the following: our stockholders’ equity may be insufficient; the market value of our outstanding
	securities may be too low; our net income from operations may be too low; our Common Stock may not be sufficiently widely held;
	we may not be able to secure market makers for our Common Stock; and we may fail to meet the rules and requirements mandated by
	the several exchanges and markets to have our Common Stock listed. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of the
	national exchanges, or our Common Stock is otherwise rejected for listing, and remains listed on the OTC Markets or is suspended
	from the OTC Markets, the trading price of our Common Stock could suffer and the trading market for our Common Stock may be less
	liquid and our Common Stock price may be subject to increased volatility.




	 






	Our Common Stock is subject to the “penny stock”
	rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited, which makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and may
	reduce the value of an investment in the stock.




	 


	Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the definition
	of a “penny stock,” for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00
	per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving
	a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person’s account for transactions
	in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the
	identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.


	 


	In order to approve a person’s account for transactions
	in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person
	and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient
	knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.


	 


	The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction
	in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (a)
	sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer
	received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute
	transactions in securities subject to the “penny stock” rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose
	of our Common Stock and cause a decline in the market value of our Common Stock.


	 


	Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing
	in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker or dealer
	and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in
	cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for
	the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.


	 








	 



	12



	 







	 






	 






	Our stock may be traded infrequently and in low volumes,
	so you may be unable to sell your shares at or near the quoted bid prices if you need to sell your shares.




	 


	Until our Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange
	such as the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market, we expect our Common Stock to remain eligible for quotation on
	the OTC Markets, or on another over-the-counter quotation system, or in the “pink sheets.” In those venues, however,
	the shares of our Common Stock may trade infrequently and in low volumes, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing
	our common shares at or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. An investor may find it difficult
	to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our Common Stock or to sell his or her shares at or near bid prices or
	at all. In addition, if we fail to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations, various requirements would be imposed by law
	on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such
	regulations may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our Common Stock, which may further affect the liquidity of our
	Common Stock. This would also make it more difficult for us to raise capital.




	 






	We do not anticipate paying dividends on our Common Stock,
	and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment.




	 


	Cash dividends have never been declared or paid on our Common
	Stock, and we do not anticipate such a declaration or payment for the foreseeable future. We expect to use future earnings, if
	any, to fund business growth. Therefore, stockholders will not receive any funds absent a sale of their shares of Common Stock.
	If we do not pay dividends, our Common Stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock
	price appreciates. We cannot assure stockholders of a positive return on their investment when they sell their shares, nor can
	we assure that stockholders will not lose the entire amount of their investment.




	 






	Being a public company is expensive and administratively
	burdensome.




	 


	As a public reporting company, we are subject to the information
	and reporting requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, rules and regulations related
	thereto, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Complying with these laws and regulations requires the time and attention
	of our Board of Directors and management, and increases our expenses. Among other things, we are required to:


	 






	•


	maintain and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section
	404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board;




	 






	•


	maintain policies relating to disclosure controls and procedures;




	 






	•


	prepare and distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations under federal securities laws;




	 






	•


	institute a more comprehensive compliance function, including with respect to corporate governance; and




	 






	•


	involve, to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants in the above activities.




	 


	The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports,
	proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders is expensive and much greater
	than that of a privately-held company, and compliance with these rules and regulations may require us to hire additional financial
	reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel, and will involve a material increase in regulatory, legal and accounting
	expenses and the attention of management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable regulations
	in a timely manner, if at all. In addition, being a public company makes it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer
	liability insurance. In the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain
	this coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executives and members of
	our Board of Directors, particularly directors willing to serve on an audit committee which we expect to establish.




	 







	As a result of members
	of our management being our largest stockholders, they can exert significant control over our business and affairs and have actual
	or potential interests that may depart from those of other stockholders


	.



	 



	Our executive management
	team owns or controls a significant percentage of our common stock. Additionally, this does not reflect the increased
	percentages that they may have in the event that they exercise any of the options or warrants they may in the future be granted, or
	if they otherwise acquire additional shares of our common stock. The interests of such persons may differ from the interests of
	other stockholders. As a result, in addition to their positions with us, such persons will have significant influence over all
	corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, irrespective of how our other stockholders may vote, including the following
	actions:



	 






	•



	elect
	or defeat the election of our directors;









	•



	amend
	or prevent amendment of our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws;





	 








	 



	13



	 







	 




	 






	•



	effect
	or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and









	•



	control
	the outcome of any other matter submitted to the stockholders for vote.





	 



	In addition, such persons’
	stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us,
	which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price.



	 





	We may not be able
	to achieve secondary trading of our stock in certain states because our common stock is not nationally traded, which could subject
	our stockholders to significant restrictions and costs.





	 



	Because our common stock
	is not listed for trading on a national securities exchange, our common stock is subject to the securities laws of the various
	states and jurisdictions of the United States in addition to federal securities law. These laws cover any primary offering
	we might attempt and all secondary trading by our stockholders. While we may register our common stock or qualify for exemptions
	for our common stock in one of more states, if we fail to do so the investors in those states where we have not taken such steps
	may not be allowed to purchase our stock or those who presently hold our stock may not be able to resell their shares without substantial
	effort and expense. These restrictions and potential costs could be significant burdens on our stockholders.



	 


	***


	 


	The risks above do not necessarily comprise all of those associated
	with an investment in the Company. This Report contains forward looking statements that involve unknown risks, uncertainties and
	other factors that may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially
	different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Factors
	that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those set out above.




	 








	ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments




	 



	None.



	 







	ITEM 2. Properties




	 



	Our principal executive office is currently located at Wisma
	Ho Wah Genting, No. 35, Jalan Maharajalela, 50150 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, where the Company leases approximately 800 square feet
	free of charge from Ho Wah Genting Berhad, a public Malaysian corporation (“HWGB”). Two sons of Dato Lim Hui Boon,
	our president, are directors of HWGB. In addition, Dato Lim Hui Boon is the Group President and shareholder of HWGB. We do not
	have a separate contract with HWGB for our office space. We believe our facilities are adequate for our current needs.


	 


	We own the Endah Puri Condominium located at A-19-02, Jalan
	3/149E, Bandar Baru Sri Petaling, 57000 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The property is currently rented out with a monthly rental of RM
	2,000 (approximately US$ 480.00).



	 







	ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings




	 



	We are not currently involved in any pending or threatened material
	litigation or other material legal proceedings, nor have we been made aware of any pending or threatened regulatory audits.



	 







	ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures




	 



	Not Applicable.





	 









	PART II





	 








	ITEM 5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
	and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.




	 




	Market Information




	 



	Our common stock is
	currently eligible for quotation and trades on the OTC Markets under the symbol “HWGG.” The quotation of our common
	stock under this symbol began on November 8, 2016. Prior to such date our common stock no public market currently existed for our
	shares of our common stock.


	 








	 



	14



	 







	 




	 


	The following table sets forth the
	high and low closing bid prices for our common stock for the fiscal quarter indicated as reported on OTC Markets. The
	quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual
	transactions. Our common stock is very thinly traded and, thus, pricing of our common stock on OTC Markets does not
	necessarily represent its fair market value. All share and per share information included in this Report has been been
	adjusted to reflect our 1428-for-1 forward stock split. The last reported sales price of our common stock on the OTC Markets
	on April 7, 2017 was $0.55 per share.


	 






	 


	 



	High



	 


	 



	Low



	 





	Year ended December 31, 2015



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	First Quarter



	 



	$




	N/A



	 


	 



	$




	N/A



	 





	Second Quarter



	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 





	Third Quarter



	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 





	Fourth Quarter



	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 





	Year ended December 31, 2016



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	First Quarter



	 



	$




	N/A



	 


	 



	$




	N/A



	 





	Second Quarter



	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 





	Third Quarter



	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 





	Fourth Quarter (from
	November 8, 2016)



	 


	 



	0.002



	 


	 


	 



	0



	 





	 



	Number of Holders




	 



	As of April 6, 2017 the Company has 1,000,055,532
	shares issued and outstanding of common capital stock of the Company by approximately 29 stockholders of record and no shares of
	preferred.


	 



	Dividends




	 



	As previously reported in a
	Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 17, 2016 and November 30, 2016, on November 8, 2016, which Current
	Reports are hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety, our Board of Directors declared a 1428-for-1 forward stock
	split of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock in the form of a dividend (the “Stock Split”) with a record
	date of November 18, 2016 (the “Record Date”). On November 28, 2016, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
	Inc. (“FINRA”) notified us of its announcement of the payment date of the Stock Split as November 29, 2016 (the “Payment
	Date”) and ex-dividend date as November 30, 2016 (the “Ex-Dividend Date”). On the Payment Date, as a result
	of the Stock Split, each holder of the Company’s Common Stock as of the Record Date received 1,428 additional shares of
	the Company’s Common Stock for each one share owned, rounded up to the nearest whole share. As of the Ex-Dividend Date,
	our Common Stock began trading on a post-split adjusted basis.


	 


	Declaration or payment of dividends, if
	any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our then current financial condition,
	results of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the board of directors. There are no contractual
	restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends.



	 




	Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation
	plans



	 


	We have no compensation plans (including individual compensation
	arrangements) under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.


	 



	Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities



	 



	Shares Issued in Connection with the Share Exchange



	 


	On November 4, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange,
	all of the shares of HWGG were exchanged for 560,000 restricted shares of our Common Stock. This transaction was exempt from registration
	pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as not involving any public offering and/or Regulation S under the Securities
	Act. None of the shares were sold through an underwriter and accordingly, there were no discounts or commissions involved.



	 



	On November 8, 2016, our Board of Directors declared
	a 1428-for-1 Stock Split with a Record Date of November 18, 2016. On November 28, 2016, FINRA notified us of its announcement
	of the Payment Date and Ex-Dividend Date. On the Payment Date, as a result of the Stock Split, each holder of
	the Company’s Common Stock as of the Record Date received 1,428 additional shares of the Company’s Common Stock
	for each one share owned, rounded up to the nearest whole share. As of the Ex-Dividend Date, our Common Stock began trading
	on a post-split adjusted basis.



	 







	ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data




	 



	Not applicable to smaller reporting companies.



	 









	 



	15



	 








	 




	 








	ITEM
	7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations




	 



	MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
	OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




	 




	The following management’s discussion
	and analysis should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and the related notes thereto contained in
	this Report. The management’s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, such as statements of our plans,
	objectives, expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements.
	When used, the words “believe,” “plan,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “target,”
	“estimate,” “expect” and the like, and/or future tense or conditional constructions (“will,”
	“may,” “could,” “should,” etc.), or similar expressions, identify certain of these forward-looking
	statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to
	differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The Company’s actual results and the
	timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors.
	The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring
	after the date of this report.



	 


	As a result of the Share Exchange and the
	change in business and operations of the Company, from engaging in the business of computer support services to the business of
	(1) promoting travel and entertainment through the e-commerce business model by offering a unique membership program that offers
	its members exclusive travel discounts and rebates, (2) providing junket operator services and (3) developing and investing in
	real property, a discussion of the past financial results of Ho Wah Genting Group Limited is not pertinent, and under generally
	accepted accounting principles in the United States the historical financial results of HWGG, the accounting acquirers, prior to
	the Share Exchange are considered the historical financial results of the Company.


	 


	The following discussion highlights Ho
	Wah Genting Group Limited’s results of operations and the principal factors that have affected its financial condition as
	well as its liquidity and capital resources for the periods described, and provides information that management believes is relevant
	for an assessment and understanding of the financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following discussion
	and analysis is based on Ho Wah Genting Group Limited’s audited financial statements contained in this Report, which have
	been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. You should read the discussion
	and analysis together with such financial statements and the related notes thereto.



	 




	Basis of Presentation



	 


	The audited consolidated financial
	statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 include a summary of our significant accounting policies and
	should be read in conjunction with the discussion below. In the opinion of management, all material adjustments necessary to
	present fairly the consolidated results of operations for such periods have been included in these audited consolidated
	financial statements. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.



	 




	Overview




	 






	Results of Operations



	 


	The following discussion should be read
	in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of HWGG for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 and the
	related notes thereto.



	 





	For the year ended December 31, 2016
	compared to December 31, 2015





	 




	Revenue



	 


	We recognized revenue of $96,822 and $35,019
	for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 respectively. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2016 was due to the increase
	of revenue  from the Exclusive Travel Membership business of HWGG and sales of Beedo.



	 




	Cost of Sales



	 


	Cost of sales for the year ended December
	31, 2016 was $20,060, compared to $10,194 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2016
	was due to recognition of our Exclusive Travel Membership members’ redemption costs, which was $0 for the year ended December
	31, 2015.



	 




	Gross Profit



	 


	Gross profit was $76,762 for the year ended
	December 31, 2016, compared to $24,825 for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $51,937, or 209%. The increase was
	attributable to the increase in revenue due to our expansion and development of our businesses.



	 




	Operating Expenses



	 


	For the year ended December 31, 2016, the
	total operating expenses was $685,697, compared to $215,795 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The operating expenses increased
	by $469,902, or 218%, which was mainly caused by the increase of expenses in supporting a larger customer base, an increase in
	discount rewards by $179,945, professional fees by $165,518, and commission payables by $105,332.



	 







	 



	16



	 








	 





	 






	Liquidity and Capital Resources



	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we had a cash
	balance of $363,015. During the year ended December 31, 2016, net cash used by operating activities totaled $102,703. Net cash
	provided by investing activities during the fiscal period ending December 31, 2016 totaled $41,855. Net cash used in financing
	activities during the same period totaled $92,963. The resulting change in cash for the period was a decrease of $108,892, which
	was primarily due to an increase of other receivables, deposits and prepayments, and an increase in amounts due from related parties.s.


	 


	As of December 31, 2015, we had a cash balance
	of $471,907. During the year ended December 31, 2015, net cash provided by operating activities totaled $528,854. Net cash used
	in investing activities for the year ending December 31, 2015 totaled $68,720. Net cash provided by financing activities during
	the same period totaled $92,963. The resulting change in cash for the period was an increase of $465,790, which was primarily due
	to the increase of other payables. Compared to December 31, 2014, we had a cash balance of $6,117.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we had current liabilities
	of $2,711,378, which was comprised of other payables and accruals of $2,444,571, and amount due to related party of $266,807.


	 


	As of December 31, 2015, we had current liabilities
	of $914,677, which was comprised of other payables and accrual of $906,941 and amounts due to directors of $7,736. 


	 


	We had net liabilities of $352,571 and $501,492
	as of December 31, 2016. We had net assets of $501,492 as of December 31, 2015.



	 




	Beedo SDN BHD (“Beedo”)



	 


	HWGG acquired a majority ownership interest
	in Beedo on June 25, 2015. On August 12, 2016, HWGG transferred its shares of Beedo to its related party, Dato’ Lim Hui Boon,
	for the consideration of $118,881 (RM 510,000).



	 




	Going Concern Consideration




	 



	These consolidated financial statements have
	been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
	discharge of liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future.



	 



	For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company
	reported a net loss of $798,637 and working capital deficit of $412,635. The Company had an accumulated deficit of $533,282 as
	of December 31, 2016 due to the fact that the Company incurred losses during the year ended December 31, 2016.


	 


	Continuation of the Company as a going concern
	is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial support from its stockholders or other capital sources.
	Management believes that the continuing financial support from the existing shareholders or external debt financing will provide
	the additional cash to meet the Company’s obligations as they become due.



	 



	These consolidation financial statements do
	not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts
	and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


	 



	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements



	 


	We have no “off-balance sheet arrangements”
	(as the term is defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K) including arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital
	resources, market risk support and credit risk support or other benefits.



	 




	Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates




	 




	Use of Estimates and Assumptions



	 


	The preparation of consolidated financial
	statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
	affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
	statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


	 



	Fair Value Measurements



	 


	The Company applies the provisions of ASC
	Subtopic 820-10, “Fair Value Measurements”, for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities
	and for fair value measurements of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements.
	ASC 820 also establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.


	 


	Fair value is defined as the price that
	would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
	measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded
	at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions
	that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.


	 








	 



	17



	 







	 




	 


	ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
	that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair
	value. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority
	to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority
	to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy
	are as follows:


	 






	•


	Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted
	prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.




	 






	•


	Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted
	prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either
	directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.




	 






	•


	Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable
	and significant to the fair value.




	 


	There were no assets or liabilities measured
	at fair value on a recurring basis subject to the disclosure requirements of ASC 820 as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015.



	 




	Revenue Recognition



	 


	The Company provides rental and information
	technology services to customers. Lease revenue is recognized using the straight-line method in accordance with ASC Topic 970-605,
	“Real Estate-General-Revenue Recognition” (“ASC Topic 970-605”). Revenue from the provision of information
	technology services is recognized when (a) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, (b) delivery has occurred,
	(c) the vendor’s fee is fixed or determinable and (d) collectability is probable in accordance with ASC Topic 95-605, “Software-Revenue
	Recognition” (“ASC 985-605”).



	 




	Recent Accounting Pronouncements



	 




	Revenue Recognition:    


	In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,

	Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 

	606
	(ASU 2014-09), to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09
	is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
	that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle
	and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required
	under existing U.S. GAAP, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration
	to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is
	effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal 2018 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting
	period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within ASU 2014-09 (full retrospective method);
	or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application
	and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09(modified retrospective method). We are currently assessing
	the materiality of the impact to our consolidated financial statements, and have not yet selected a transition approach.


	 




	Disclosure of
	Going Concern Uncertainties:    


	In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
	Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15, 

	Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as
	a Going Concern

	(ASU 2014-15), to provide guidance on management’s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial
	doubt about a company’s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is
	effective for us in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 with early adoption permitted. We do not believe the impact of our pending
	adoption of ASU 2014-15 on the Company’s financial statements will be material.


	  




	Financial instrument


	:
	In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, “Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
	of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities” (“ASU 2016-01”). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition,
	measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
	within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. Accordingly, the standard is effective
	for us on September 1, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.


	 




	Leases


	:
	In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (“ASU 2016-2”), which provides guidance on lease
	amendments to the FASB Accounting Standard Codification. This ASU will be effective for us beginning in May 1, 2019. We are currently
	in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-2on our consolidated financial statements.


	 




	Stock-based Compensation


	:    In
	March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
	Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09). ASU 2016-09 changes how companies account for certain aspects of stock-based awards to employees,
	including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in
	the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for us in the first quarter of 2018, and earlier adoption is permitted.
	We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.


	 








	 



	18



	 







	 




	 




	Financial Instruments
	- Credit Losses:


	In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): The amendments
	in this Update require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the
	net amount expected to be collected. The amendments broaden the information that an entity must consider in developing its expected
	credit loss estimate for assets measured either collectively or individually. The use of forecasted information incorporates more
	timely information in the estimate of expected credit loss, which will be more decision useful to users of the financial statements.
	ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those
	fiscal years. Early adoption is allowed as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within
	those fiscal years. The Company is still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company’s consolidated
	financial statements and related disclosures.


	 




	Statement of
	Cash Flows:


	In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): The amendments in this Update
	apply to all entities, including both business entities and not-for-profit entities that are required to present a statement of
	cash flows under Topic 230. The amendments in this Update provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues. The
	amendments are an improvement to GAAP because they provide guidance for each of the eight issues, thereby reducing the current
	and potential future diversity in practice described above. ASU 2016-15 is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning
	after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in
	an interim period. The Company is still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company’s consolidated
	financial statements and related disclosures.


	 


	In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
	2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): “Restricted Cash”(“ASU 2016-18”). ASU 2016-18 requires
	that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally
	described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. ASU 2016-18 will become effective for us beginning April 1, 2018,
	or fiscal 2019. ASU 2016-18 is required to be applied retrospectively. Upon the adoption, amounts described as restricted cash
	will be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period amounts shown on the
	statements of cash flows.




	 







	ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
	Disclosures About Market Risk



	 


	Not applicable to
	smaller reporting companies.



	 







	 



	19



	 








	 





	 









	ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
	Data





	 




	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	 




	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	 




	Table of Contents




	 





	 



	Page Number







	Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm





	F-2





	 


	 





	Audited Financial Statements of HWGG for the year ended December 31, 2016



	 




	 


	 





	Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015




	F-3





	 


	 





	Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015




	F-4





	 


	 





	Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity




	F-5





	 


	 





	Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015




	F-6





	 


	 






	Notes to Financial Statements





	F-7 – F-26






	 







	 


	F-

	1



	 







	 





	 









	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
	ACCOUNTING FIRM




	 


	 





	To:




	The Board of Directors and Shareholders of



	Ho Wah Genting Group Limited





	 


	We have audited the accompanying consolidated
	balance sheets of Ho Wah Genting Group Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
	and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders’ deficit and cash flows
	for the each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2016. Ho Wah Genting Group Limited’s management is responsible
	for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


	 


	 

	We
	conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
	require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
	misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
	reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
	that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
	internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
	evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant
	estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
	a reasonable basis for our opinion.



	 


	 

	In
	our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
	financial position of the Ho Wah Genting Group Limited as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations
	and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles
	generally accepted in the United States of America.



	 


	 The accompanying consolidated financial
	statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated
	financial statements, the Company had a working capital deficiency and accumulated deficit from recurring net losses as of December
	31, 2016. All these factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans
	in regard to these matters are also discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements
	do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


	 


	/s/ Centurion ZD CPA Limited


	Centurion ZD CPA Limited


	Hong Kong, China


	April 17, 2017 


	 






	 


	F-

	2



	 








	 




	 







	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS




	(Stated in US Dollars)



	 




	 


	 


	As of


	 


	 


	As of


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CURRENT ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	$


	363,015


	 


	 


	$


	471,907


	 




	Other receivables, deposits and prepayment


	 


	 


	747,551


	 


	 


	 


	2,175


	 




	Amount due from related company


	 


	 


	1,152,014


	 


	 


	 


	236,279


	 




	Amount due from a director


	 


	 


	23,503


	 


	 


	 


	578,358


	 




	Short-term investments


	 


	 


	12,660


	 


	 


	 


	40,979


	 




	Total Current Assets


	 


	 


	2,298,743


	 


	 


	 


	1,329,698


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET


	 


	 


	60,064


	 


	 


	 


	86,471


	 




	TOTAL ASSETS


	 


	$


	2,358,807


	 


	 


	$


	1,416,169


	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CURRENT LIABILITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other payables and accrued expenses


	 


	$


	2,444,571


	 


	 


	$


	906,941


	 




	Amounts due to related party


	 


	 


	266,807


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Amount due to directors


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	7,736


	 




	Total Current Liabilities


	 


	 


	2,711,378


	 


	 


	 


	914,677


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Common stock (Par value of $0.0001: 1,500,000,000 shares authorized; 1,000,055,532 and 200,375,532 shares
	issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015)



	 


	 


	100,006


	 


	 


	 


	20,038


	 




	Additional paid in capital


	 


	 


	302,166


	 


	 


	 


	382,134


	 




	Retained earnings


	 


	 


	(533,282


	)


	 


	 


	265,355


	 




	Non-controlling interest


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	101,861


	 




	Accumulated other comprehensive income


	 


	 


	(221,461


	)


	 


	 


	(267,896


	)




	Total Stockholders’ Equity


	 


	 


	(352,571


	)


	 


	 


	501,492


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	$


	2,358,807


	 


	 


	$


	1,416,169


	 





	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral part
	of the consolidated financial statements.


	 






	 


	F-

	3



	 







	 




	 







	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OPERATIONS
	OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS



	 




	 


	 


	For the year ended

	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	REVENUE


	 


	$


	96,822


	 


	 


	$


	35,019


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	COST OF REVENUE


	 


	 


	20,060


	 


	 


	 


	10,194


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	GROSS PROFIT


	 


	 


	76,762


	 


	 


	 


	24,825


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	OPERATING EXPENSES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Administrative expenses


	 


	 


	(685,697


	)


	 


	 


	(211,133


	)




	Goodwill written off


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(4,662


	)




	Total Operating Expenses


	 


	 


	(685,697


	)


	 


	 


	(215,795


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LOSS FROM OPERATIONS


	 


	 


	(608,935


	)


	 


	 


	(190,970


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	OTHER (EXPENSES) INCOME, NET


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Gain on disposal of short-term investments


	 


	 


	1,604


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Fair value gain on short-term investments


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	820


	 




	Other income


	 


	 


	(4,570


	)


	 


	 


	18,945


	 




	Other operating expenses


	 


	 


	(211,884


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Exchange (loss) gain


	 


	 


	6,524


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total Other (Expenses) Income, net


	 


	 


	(208,326


	)


	 


	 


	19,765


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	NET LOSS BEFORE TAXES


	 


	 


	(817,261


	)


	 


	 


	(171,205


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income tax expense


	 


	 


	(725


	)


	 


	 


	(121


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS


	 


	 


	(817,986


	)


	 


	 


	(171,326


	)




	Gain (loss) from disposal of subsidiary


	 


	 


	7,397


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	NET LOSS


	 


	 


	(810,589


	)


	 


	 


	(171,326


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Foreign currency translation (loss) gain


	 


	 


	46,435


	 


	 


	 


	(122,661


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS


	 


	 


	(764,154


	)


	 


	 


	(293,987


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss contributed to non-controlling interest


	 


	$


	(11,952


	)


	 


	$


	(11,246


	)




	Net loss contributed to shareholders


	 


	 


	(798,637


	)


	 


	 


	(160,080


	)





	Total net loss



	 


	 



	(810,589




	)



	 


	 


	(171,326


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total comprehensive loss contributed to non-controlling interest


	 


	$


	(18,619


	)


	 


	$


	(33,271


	)




	Total comprehensive loss contributed to shareholders


	 


	 


	(745,535


	)


	 


	 


	(260,716


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss per share


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	- basic and diluted


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Continuing


	 


	 


	(0.00


	)


	 


	 


	(0.00


	)




	Discontinued


	 


	 


	(0.00


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	(0.00


	)


	 


	 


	(0.00


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	- basic and diluted


	 


	 


	830,886,025


	 


	 


	 


	200,375,532


	 





	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral part
	of the consolidated financial statements


	 






	 


	F-

	4



	 







	 




	 





	 








	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
	STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT


	 



	 





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	Accumulated




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Common stock




	 




	 




	Additional




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Non




	 




	 




	other




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Number of




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	paid in




	 




	 




	Accumulated




	 




	 




	controlling




	 




	 




	comprehensive




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	shares




	 




	 




	Amount




	 




	 




	capital




	 




	 




	deficit




	 




	 




	interest




	 




	 




	income (loss)




	 




	 




	Total




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance at December 31, 2014




	 




	 




	200,375,532




	 




	 




	$




	20,038




	 




	 




	$




	382,134




	 




	 




	$




	425,435




	 




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	(158,362




	)




	 




	$




	669,245




	 






	Acquisition of subsidiary




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	126,234




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	126,234




	 






	Net loss




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(160,080




	)




	 




	 




	(11,246




	)




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(171,326




	)






	Foreign currency translation gain




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(13,127




	)




	 




	 




	(109,534




	)




	 




	 




	(122,661




	)






	Balance at December 31, 2015




	 




	 




	200,375,532




	 




	 




	 




	20,038




	 




	 




	 




	382,134




	 




	 




	 




	265,355




	 




	 




	 




	101,861




	 




	 




	 




	(267,896




	)




	 




	 




	501,492




	 






	Reverse merger recapitalization




	 




	 




	799,680,000




	 




	 




	 




	79,968




	 




	 




	 




	(79,968




	)




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 






	Disposal of subsidiary




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(83,242




	)




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(83,242




	)






	Net loss




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(798,637




	)




	 




	 




	(11,952




	)




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(810,589




	)






	Foreign currency translation gain




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(6,667




	)




	 




	 




	46,435




	 




	 




	 




	39,768




	 






	Balance at December 31, 2016




	 




	 




	1,000,055,532




	 




	 




	$




	100,006




	 




	 




	$




	302,166




	 




	 




	$




	(533,282




	)




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	(221,461




	)




	 




	$




	(352,571




	)






	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral part
	of the consolidated financial statements.


	 








	 


	F-

	5



	 







	 




	 







	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



	 




	 


	 


	For the year ended December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(798,637


	)


	 


	 


	(160,080


	)




	Adjusted to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Depreciation – property and equipment


	 


	 


	5,489


	 


	 


	 


	3,823


	 




	Other receivables, deposits and prepayment


	 


	 


	(745,376


	)


	 


	 


	(1,728


	)




	Advance from director


	 


	 


	554,855


	 


	 


	 


	(236,279


	)




	Due from related party


	 


	 


	(915,735


	)


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other payables and accrued expenses


	 


	 


	1,537,630


	 


	 


	 


	906,293


	 




	Income tax payable


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Amount due to directors


	 


	 


	(7,736


	)


	 


	 


	16,825


	 




	Amounts due to related party


	 


	 


	266,807


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Net cash generated from (used in) operating activities


	 


	 


	(102,703


	)


	 


	 


	528,854


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Purchase of property, plant and equipment


	 


	 


	(5,476


	)


	 


	 


	(27,741


	)




	Purchase of subsidiary


	 


	 


	24,937


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Purchase of equity instruments


	 


	 


	22,394


	 


	 


	 


	(40,979


	)




	Net cash used in investing activities


	 


	 


	41,855


	 


	 


	 


	(68,720


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss attributable to non-controlling interest


	 


	 


	(92,963


	)


	 


	 


	92,963


	 




	Net cash provided by financing activities


	 


	 


	(92,963


	)


	 


	 


	92,963


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH


	 


	 


	44,919


	 


	 


	 


	(87,307


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS


	 


	 


	(108,892


	)


	 


	 


	465,790


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD


	 


	 


	471,907


	 


	 


	 


	6,117


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD


	 


	$


	363,015


	 


	 


	$


	471,907


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for interest expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for income tax


	 


	$


	725


	 


	 


	 


	121


	 





	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral part
	of the consolidated financial statements.


	 






	 


	F-

	6



	 







	 




	 





	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	 






	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	 




	(In U.S. dollars)




	 









	1.






	ORGANIZATION
	AND BUSINESS







	 



	Ho Wah Genting Group Limited (“HWGG”), a Nevada corporation (formerly
	Computron, Inc.) through Ho Wah Genting Group SDN BHD (“Malaysia HWGG”), a Malaysia company and our wholly owned subsidiary, is
	engaged to promote travel and entertainment services to members to our partnering resorts and cruises in the Asia region and develop
	and invest in real estate property.


	 


	On September 2, 1985, Malaysia HWGG was incorporated
	under the laws of Malaysia as a private company limited by shares with the name “Ho Wah Genting Holdings SDN. BHD”
	for the purpose of functioning as a holding company to obtain ownership interests in Malaysian businesses across various industries.
	Throughout the years, we have expanded our business operations and undergone multiple name changes and restructuring to fit our
	evolving business objectives. First on February 17, 1989, the company changed its name to “Ho Wah Genting Group (M) SDN.
	BHD.” On October 2, 1990, the company changed its name to “Ho Wah Genting Group SDN. BHD.” On December 22, 1990
	its name was changed to “Ho Wah Genting Group Berhad” and was converted to a public company limited by shares. Lastly,
	on January 18, 1995, the company converted back into a private company limited by shares and changed its name to “Ho Wah
	Genting Group Sdn. Bhd.”


	 


	From 1985 to 2005, Malaysia HWGG was involved
	in wire and cable, taxi, travel agent and tour bus charterers and general insurance agent services. In August 2006, Malaysia HWGG
	shifted its operations to primarily focus on commercial and residential property investment by purchasing a condominium in Kuala
	Lumpur, Malaysia and renting it out for revenue.


	 


	In 2015, Malaysia HWGG entered the travel and entertainment services business by launching the Exclusive
	Travel Membership program in Malaysia.


	 


	On June 25, 2015, Malaysia HWGG acquired
	65% of the equity interests of Beedo SDN BHD (“Beedo”). On July 7, 2015, Beedo increased its issued and paid-up
	shares from 2,500 to 1,000,000. HWGG acquired an additional 508,375 shares on that date, making its balance of shares 510,000
	and effectively diluting its shareholding in Beedo from 65% to 51%. Beedo is mainly engaged in the provision of information
	technology services. On August 12, 2016, HWGG completed the disposal of its subsidiary, Beedo, by wholly transferring the
	shares it owns to a related party, Dato’ Lim Hui Boon, for the consideration of $ 118,881 (RM 510,000).




	  




	REVERSE MERGER




	 



	On
	October 28, 2016, Computron acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Malaysia HWGG, a privately held Malaysia corporation,
	pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement and Malaysia HWGG became the wholly owned subsidiary of Computron in a reverse merger,
	or the Merger. Pursuant to the Merger, all of the issued and outstanding shares of Malaysia HWGG common stock were converted, at
	an exchange ratio of 0.56-for-1, into an aggregate of 799,680,000 (560,000

	pre-reverse split

	)
	shares of Computron common stock and Malaysia HWGG became a wholly owned subsidiary of Computron. The holders of Computron’s
	common stock as of immediately prior to the Merger held an aggregate of 200,375,532 (140,319

	pre-reverse split

	)
	shares of Computron’s common stock. The accompanying financial statements share and per share information has been retroactively
	adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio in the Merger. Subsequent to the Merger, Computron’s name was changed from “Computron,
	Inc.” to “Ho Wah Genting Group Limited.”.



	 


	On November 4, 2016, we completed and closed
	a share exchange (the “Share Exchange”) under a Share Exchange Agreement (the “Share Exchange Agreement”)
	of the same date by and among us, Malaysia HWGG and the shareholders of Malaysia HWGG pursuant to which Malaysia HWGG became a
	wholly owned subsidiary of ours. In the Share Exchange, all of the outstanding shares of Malaysia HWGG were converted into shares
	of our Common Stock.


	 


	In connection with the Share Exchange and pursuant
	to the Split-Off Agreement (defined below), we transferred our pre-Share Exchange assets and liabilities to our pre-Share Exchange
	majority stockholder, in exchange for the surrender by him and cancellation of 5,000,000 shares of our Common Stock.


	 


	Under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States,
	(“U.S. GAAP”) because Malaysia HWGG’s former stockholders received the greater portion of the voting rights in
	the combined entity and Malaysia HWGG’s senior management represents all of the senior management of the combined entity,
	the Merger was accounted for as a recapitalization effected by a share exchange, wherein Malaysia HWGG is considered the acquirer
	for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities of Malaysia HWGG have been brought forward at their
	book value and no goodwill has been recognized. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are
	reflected in Malaysia HWGG's consolidated financial statements are those of Malaysia HWGG and are recorded at the historical cost
	basis of Malaysia HWGG.


	 








	 


	F-

	7



	 







	 





	 









	2.






	SUMMARY
	OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES








	 





	Basis of presentation



	 


	The accompanying consolidated financial
	statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.


	 


	This basis of accounting involves the application
	of accrual accounting and consequently, revenues and gains are recognized when earned, and expenses and losses are recognized when
	incurred. The Company’s financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars.



	 




	Principles of consolidation



	 


	The consolidated financial statements
	include the accounts of HWGG, Malaysian HWGG and its subsidiary, Beedo, collectively referred to within as the Company. All
	material intercompany accounts, transactions, and profits have been eliminated upon consolidation.



	 




	Use of estimates



	 


	The preparation of financial
	statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
	management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
	contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
	during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



	 




	Foreign currency translation and transactions



	 


	The functional currency of the Company
	is the Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”) and reporting currency of the Company is the United States Dollar (“USD”).
	The financial statements of the Company are translated into USD using the exchange rate as of the balance sheet date for assets
	and liabilities and average exchange rate for the year for income and expense items. Translation gains and losses are recorded
	in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss as a component of shareholders’ equity.


	 






	 


	F-

	8



	 







	 





	 




	Cash and cash equivalents



	 


	The Company considers highly-liquid investments
	with maturities of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company’s
	cash and cash equivalents were comprised of cash in bank of $363,015 and $471,907, respectively.



	 




	Investments



	 


	The Company invests its excess cash primarily
	in equity instruments of high-quality corporate issuers listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia. Such securities are classified
	as short-term investments. They are classified as available-for-sale and carried at fair value.


	 


	Changes in the value of these investments
	are primarily related to changes in their share prices and are considered to be temporary in nature. Except for declines in fair
	value that are not considered temporary, net unrealized gains or losses on these investments are reported in the Consolidated Statements
	of Comprehensive Loss. The Company recognizes realized gains and losses upon sale of investments using the specific identification
	method.


	 



	Fair value of financial instruments



	 


	FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurement,”
	specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
	market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
	ASC 820, the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


	 


	Level 1 Inputs – Unadjusted quoted
	market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


	 


	Level 2 Inputs – Inputs other than
	the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


	 


	Level 3 Inputs – Inputs based on
	prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


	 


	ASC 820 requires the use of observable
	market data, when available, in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels
	of the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant
	to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
	unobservable inputs. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, none of the Company’s assets and liabilities were required to be reported
	at fair value on a recurring basis. Carrying values of non-derivative financial instruments, including cash, accounts receivables,
	payables and accrued liabilities, approximate their fair values due to the short term nature of these financial instruments. There
	were no changes in methods or assumptions during the periods presented.



	 




	Property and equipment, net



	 


	Property and equipment are carried at cost
	less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:


	 





	Leasehold building




	50 years





	 


	 





	Computer and software




	5 years





	 


	 





	Furniture and fixtures




	5 years





	 


	 





	Leasehold improvement




	10 years





	 






	 


	F-

	9



	 







	 





	 




	Goodwill and intangible assets



	 


	Goodwill is calculated as the purchase
	premium after adjusting for the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed for potential impairment
	on an annual basis, or when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment, at the reporting unit level.


	 


	Under applicable accounting guidance, the
	goodwill impairment analysis is a two-step test. The first step of the goodwill impairment test involves comparing the fair value
	of each reporting unit with its carrying amount including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying
	amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired; however, if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds
	its fair value, the second step must be performed to measure potential impairment. The second step involves calculating an implied
	fair value of goodwill for each reporting unit for which the first step indicated possible impairment. The implied fair value of
	goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination, which is the excess of
	the fair value of the reporting unit, as determined in the first step, over the aggregate fair values of the assets, liabilities
	and identifiable intangibles as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination.


	 


	Measurement of the fair values of the assets
	and liabilities of a reporting unit is consistent with the requirements of the fair value measurements accounting guidance, which
	defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
	between market participants at the measurement date. The adjustments to measure the assets, liabilities, and intangibles at fair
	value are for the purpose of measuring the implied fair value of goodwill and such adjustments are not reflected in the consolidation
	balance sheet. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the goodwill assigned to the reporting unit, there is no impairment.
	If the goodwill assigned to a reporting unit exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, an impairment charge is recorded for the
	excess. An impairment loss recognized cannot exceed the amount of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit. An impairment loss establishes
	a new basis in the goodwill and subsequent reversals of goodwill impairment losses are not permitted under applicable accounting
	guidance.


	 


	Goodwill amounting to $4,662 was generated
	from the acquisition of Beedo on June 25, 2015. In 2015, the Company recorded a goodwill write-down of $4,662, which eliminated
	all remaining goodwill of the Company. Goodwill was determined to have been impaired because of the current financial condition
	of the Company and the Company’s inability to generate future operating income. Furthermore, the Company’s anticipated
	future cash flows indicate that the recoverability of goodwill is not reasonably assured. The goodwill write-down was included
	as a component of operating expense in 2015.


	 


	For intangible assets subject to amortization,
	an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The
	carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected
	to result from the use of the asset.



	 




	Revenue recognition



	 


	The Company provides rental,
	Information technology and junket operation services to customer. For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, the
	Company has recognized $5,801 and $6,147 in lease revenue respectively, based upon its annual rental over the life of the
	operating lease. Lease revenue is recognized using the straight-line method in accordance with ASC Topic 970-605, “Real
	Estate – General – Revenue Recognition” (“ASC Topic 970-605”). For the years ended December 31,
	2016 and 2015, the Company has recognized $ 74,291 and $28,872, respectively, in revenue from the provision of
	information technology services. Revenue from the provision of information technology services is recognized when (a) there
	is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, (b) delivery has occurred, (c) the vendor’s fee is fixed or
	determinable and (d) collectability is probable in accordance with ASC Topic 985-605, “Software – Revenue
	Recognition” (“ASC 985-605”). Junket operation revenue is recognized when service is performed,
	vendor’s fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is probable. For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015,
	the Company recognized $16,730 and nil, respectively in revenue from junket operations.


	 



	Income taxes



	 


	Current income taxes are provided for in
	accordance with the laws of the relevant tax authorities. Deferred income taxes are recognized when temporary differences exist
	between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the combined financial statements. Net operating
	loss carry forwards and credits are applied using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets are
	reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more-likely-than-not that a portion of or all of the
	deferred tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified
	as current and non-current based on their characteristics.


	 






	 


	F-

	10



	 







	 




	 


	The impact of an uncertain income tax position
	on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant
	tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained.
	Interest and penalties on income taxes are classified as a component of the provisions for income taxes. The Company recognized
	$725 and $121 income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.



	 




	Comprehensive loss



	 


	Comprehensive loss includes net loss and
	cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments and is reported in the Combined Statement of Comprehensive Loss.



	 




	Loss per share



	 


	The loss per share is computed using the
	weighted average number of shares outstanding during the fiscal years. For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, there is
	no dilutive effect due to net loss for the periods.



	 




	Segment reporting



	 


	ASC Topic 280 requires use of the
	“management approach” model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the way a
	company’s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
	Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography, legal structure, management structure, or any other manner
	in which management disaggregates a company. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company operated in three
	reportable business segments: (1) investment property holding which generates rental income from the leasing out of its
	leasehold building, (2) exclusive membership and junket operations (3) information technology services, which generates
	revenue from the provision of information technology services, and (4) others which comprise of general operating and
	administrative expenses, and other income/expenses not directly attributable to the sources of revenue of the Company for the
	years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.



	 




	Related party transactions



	 


	A related party is generally defined as:


	 


	(i) any person that holds the Company’s
	securities including such person’s immediate families,


	 


	(ii) the Company’s management,


	 


	(iii) someone that directly or indirectly
	controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, or


	 


	(iv) anyone who can significantly influence
	the financial and operating decisions of the Company.


	 


	A transaction is considered to be a related
	party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties.



	 







	 


	F-

	11



	 







	 





	 




	Recently issued accounting pronouncements





	 






	The FASB has issued Accounting Standards
	Update (ASU) No. 2015-01, Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation
	by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.


	 


	The FASB issued this ASU as part of its
	initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. The objective of the simplification initiative is to identify, evaluate,
	and improve areas of U.S. GAAP for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the
	information provided to the users of financial statements.


	 


	This ASU eliminates from U.S. GAAP the
	concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20, Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items, required that an entity separately
	classify, present, and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. Presently, an event or transaction is presumed to be an
	ordinary and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its classification as an extraordinary item.


	 


	If an event or transaction meets the criteria
	for extraordinary classification, an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations
	and show the item separately in the income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing operations. The entity also is required
	to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item.


	 


	The FASB heard from stakeholders that the
	concept of extraordinary items causes uncertainty because it is unclear when an item should be considered both unusual and infrequent.
	Additionally, some stakeholders said that although users find information about unusual or infrequent events and transactions useful,
	they do not find the extraordinary item classification and presentation necessary to identify those events and transactions. Other
	stakeholders noted that it is extremely rare in current practice for a transaction or event to meet the requirements to be presented
	as an extraordinary item.


	 


	This ASU will also align more closely U.S.
	GAAP income statement presentation guidance with IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, which prohibits the presentation
	and disclosure of extraordinary items.


	 


	The amendments in this ASU are effective
	for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply
	the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in
	the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year
	of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities.


	 


	The FASB has issued an Accounting Standards
	Update (ASU) No. 2015-02,

	Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis

	, which is intended to improve
	targeted areas of consolidation guidance for legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations, and securitization
	structures (collateralized debt obligations, collateralized loan obligations, and mortgage-backed security transactions).


	 

	The ASU focuses on the consolidation evaluation for reporting organizations (public and private companies and not-for-profit organizations)
	that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities.


	 


	In addition to reducing the number of consolidation
	models from four to two, the new standard simplifies the FASB Accounting Standards Codification™ and improves current U.S.
	GAAP by:


	 


	-Placing more emphasis on risk of loss
	when determining a controlling financial interest. A reporting organization may no longer have to consolidate a legal entity in
	certain circumstances based solely on its fee arrangement, when certain criteria are met.






	 


	F-

	12



	 







	 




	  


	-Reducing the frequency of the application
	of related-party guidance when determining a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity (VIE).


	 


	-Changing consolidation conclusions for
	public and private companies in several industries that typically make use of limited partnerships or VIEs.


	 


	The ASU will be effective for periods beginning
	after December 15, 2015, for public companies. For private companies and not-for-profit organizations, the ASU will be effective
	for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016; and for interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption
	is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.


	 


	The FASB has issued Accounting Standards
	Update No. 2015-05,

	Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer’s Accounting
	for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement

	. Existing GAAP does not include explicit guidance about a customer’s accounting
	for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. Examples of cloud computing arrangements include: (

	a

	) software as a service;
	(

	b

	) platform as a service; (

	c

	) infrastructure as a service; and (

	d

	) other similar hosting arrangements.


	 


	The amendments add guidance to Subtopic
	350-40,

	Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software

	, which will help entities evaluate the accounting for fees
	paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement. The guidance already exists in the

	FASB Accounting Standards Codification™

	 in
	paragraphs 985-605-55-121 through 55-123, but it is included in a Subtopic applied by cloud service providers to determine whether
	an arrangement includes the sale or license of software.


	 


	The amendments provide guidance to customers
	about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license,
	then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software
	licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement
	as a service contract. The amendments do not change the accounting for a customer’s accounting for service contracts. As
	a result of the amendments, all software licenses within the scope of Subtopic 350-40 will be accounted for consistent with other
	licenses of intangible assets.


	 


	For public business entities, the amendments
	will be effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015.
	For all other entities, the amendments will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods
	in annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for all entities.


	 


	An entity can elect to adopt the amendments
	either: (1) prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after the effective date; or (2) retrospectively.
	For prospective transition, the only disclosure requirements at transition are the nature of and reason for the change in accounting
	principle, the transition method, and a qualitative description of the financial statement line items affected by the change. For
	retrospective transition, the disclosure requirements at transition include the requirements for prospective transition and quantitative
	information about the effects of the accounting change.


	 


	The FASB has issued ASU No. 2015-06,

	Earnings
	Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions

	 (a
	consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force). The amendments apply to master limited partnerships subject to the Master Limited
	Partnerships Subsections of Topic 260,

	Earnings per Share,

	 that receive net assets through a dropdown transaction.


	 






	 


	F-

	13



	 







	 




	  


	The amendments specify that for purposes
	of calculating historical earnings per unit under the two-class method, the earnings (losses) of a transferred business before
	the date of a dropdown transaction should be allocated entirely to the general partner. In that circumstance, the previously reported
	earnings per unit of the limited partners (which is typically the earnings per unit measure presented in the financial statements)
	would not change as a result of the dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures about how the rights to the earnings (losses)
	differ before and after the dropdown transaction occurs for purposes of computing earnings per unit under the two-class method
	also are required.


	 


	Current GAAP does not contain guidance
	for master limited partnerships that specifies how historical earnings per unit should be affected when a dropdown transaction
	occurs that is accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control.


	 


	The amendments are effective for fiscal
	years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments
	should be applied retrospectively for all financial statements presented.


	 


	The FASB has issued Accounting Standards
	Update 2015-07,

	Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset
	Value per Share (or Its Equivalent)

	. The amendments apply to reporting entities that elect to measure the fair value of an
	investment using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient.


	 


	Topic 820,

	Fair Value Measurement

	,
	permits a reporting entity, as a practical expedient, to measure the fair value of certain investments using the net asset value
	per share of the investment. Currently, investments valued using the practical expedient are categorized within the fair value
	hierarchy on the basis of whether the investment is redeemable with the investee at net asset value on the measurement date, never
	redeemable with the investee at net asset value, or redeemable with the investee at net asset value at a future date. For investments
	that are redeemable with the investee at a future date, a reporting entity must consider the length of time until those investments
	become redeemable to determine the classification within the fair value hierarchy.


	 


	The amendments remove the requirement to
	categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share
	practical expedient. The amendments also remove the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible
	to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Rather, those disclosures are limited to
	investments for which the entity has elected to measure the fair value using that practical expedient.


	 


	The amendments are effective for public
	business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other
	entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal
	years. A reporting entity should apply the amendments retrospectively to all periods presented. The retrospective approach requires
	that an investment for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient be removed from the
	fair value hierarchy in all periods presented in an entity’s financial statements. Earlier application is permitted.


	 


	The FASB has issued Accounting Standards
	Update (ASU) No. 2015-10,

	Technical Corrections and Improvements

	. The amendments cover a wide range of Topics in the FASB

	Accounting Standards Codification

	™ (Codification). The amendments generally fall into one of the types of amendments
	listed below.


	 


	1. Amendments Related to Differences between
	Original Guidance and the Codification. These amendments arose because of differences between original guidance (e.g., FASB Statements,
	EITF Issues, and so forth) and the Codification. These amendments principally carry forward pre-Codification guidance or subsequent
	amendments into the Codification. Many times, either the writing style or phrasing of the original guidance did not directly translate
	into the Codification format and style. As a result, the meaning of the guidance might have been unintentionally altered. Alternatively,
	amendments in this section may relate to guidance that was codified without some text, references, or phrasing that, upon review,
	was deemed important to the guidance.


	 






	 


	F-

	14



	 







	 




	 


	2. Guidance Clarification and Reference
	Corrections. These amendments provide clarification through updating wording, correcting references, or a combination of both.
	In most cases, the feedback suggested that, without these enhancements, guidance may be misapplied or misinterpreted.


	 


	3. Simplification. These amendments streamline
	or simplify the Codification through minor structural changes to headings or minor editing of text to improve the usefulness and
	understandability of the Codification.


	 


	4. Minor Improvements. These amendments
	improve the guidance and are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative
	cost to most entities.


	 


	The amendments represent changes to clarify
	the Codification, correct unintended application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected
	to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. In addition,
	some of the amendments will make the Codification easier to understand and easier to apply by eliminating inconsistencies, providing
	needed clarifications, and improving the presentation of guidance in the Codification.


	 


	Transition guidance varies based on the
	amendments. The amendments that require transition guidance are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods
	within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.
	All other amendments will be effective upon issuance.


	 


	The FASB has issued Accounting Standards
	Update (ASU) No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date.


	 


	In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
	Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The amendments in ASU 2015-14 defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all
	entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply
	the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods
	within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
	2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.


	 


	All other entities should apply the guidance
	in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting
	periods beginning after December 15, 2019. All other entities may apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting
	period beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. All other entities
	also may apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
	reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning one year after the annual reporting period in which the entity first
	applies the guidance in ASU 2014-09. The FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts
	with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date.


	 


	In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
	Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The amendments in ASU 2015-14 defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all
	entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply
	the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods
	within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
	2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.


	 






	 


	F-

	15



	 







	 




	 


	All other entities should apply the guidance
	in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting
	periods beginning after December 15, 2019. All other entities may apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting
	period beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. All other entities
	also may apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
	reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning one year after the annual reporting period in which the entity first
	applies the guidance in ASU 2014-09.


	 


	The FASB has issued Accounting Standards
	Update (ASU) No. 2015-16,

	Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.

	To simplify the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination, the amendments eliminate
	the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments.


	 


	U.S. GAAP currently requires that during
	the measurement period, the acquirer retrospectively adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date with a corresponding
	adjustment to goodwill. Those adjustments are required when new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed
	as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts initially recognized or would have
	resulted in the recognition of additional assets or liabilities. The acquirer also must revise comparative information for prior
	periods presented in financial statements as needed, including revising depreciation, amortization, or other income effects as
	a result of changes made to provisional amounts.


	 


	The amendments require that an acquirer
	recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which
	the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments require that the acquirer record, in the same period’s financial statements,
	the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to
	the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date.


	 


	The amendments require an entity to present
	separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings
	by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been
	recognized as of the acquisition date.


	 


	For public business entities, the amendments
	are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all
	other entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
	within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional
	amounts that occur after the effective date with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued.


	 


	The only disclosures required at transition
	should be the nature of and reason for the change in accounting principle. An entity should disclose that information in the first
	annual period of adoption and in the interim periods within the first annual period if there is a measurement-period adjustment
	during the first annual period in which the changes are effective.


	 


	The FASB has issued Accounting Standards
	Update (ASU) No. 2015-17,

	Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes

	, which changes how deferred
	taxes are classified on organizations’ balance sheets.


	 






	 


	F-

	16



	 







	 




	 


	The ASU eliminates the current requirement
	for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead,
	organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent.


	 




	Financial instrument


	:
	In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, “Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
	of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities” (“ASU 2016-01”). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition,
	measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
	within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. Accordingly, the standard is effective
	for us on September 1, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.


	 




	Leases


	:
	In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (“ASU 2016-2”), which provides guidance on lease
	amendments to the FASB Accounting Standard Codification. This ASU will be effective for us beginning in May 1, 2019. We are currently
	in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-2on our consolidated financial statements.


	 




	Stock-based Compensation


	:    In
	March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
	Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09). ASU 2016-09 changes how companies account for certain aspects of stock-based awards to employees,
	including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in
	the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for us in the first quarter of 2018, and earlier adoption is permitted.
	We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.


	 




	Financial Instruments
	- Credit Losses:


	In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): The amendments
	in this Update require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the
	net amount expected to be collected. The amendments broaden the information that an entity must consider in developing its expected
	credit loss estimate for assets measured either collectively or individually. The use of forecasted information incorporates more
	timely information in the estimate of expected credit loss, which will be more decision useful to users of the financial statements.
	ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those
	fiscal years. Early adoption is allowed as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within
	those fiscal years. The Company is still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company’s consolidated
	financial statements and related disclosures.


	 




	Statement of
	Cash Flows:


	In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): The amendments in this Update
	apply to all entities, including both business entities and not-for-profit entities that are required to present a statement of
	cash flows under Topic 230. The amendments in this Update provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues. The
	amendments are an improvement to GAAP because they provide guidance for each of the eight issues, thereby reducing the current
	and potential future diversity in practice described above. ASU 2016-15 is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning
	after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in
	an interim period. The Company is still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company’s consolidated
	financial statements and related disclosures.




	 








	 


	F-

	17



	 







	 




	  


	In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
	2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): “Restricted Cash”(“ASU 2016-18”). ASU 2016-18 requires
	that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally
	described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. ASU 2016-18 will become effective for us beginning April 1, 2018,
	or fiscal 2019. ASU 2016-18 is required to be applied retrospectively. Upon the adoption, amounts described as restricted cash
	will be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period amounts shown on the
	statements of cash flows.


	 


	The amendments apply to all organizations that present a classified
	balance sheet. For public companies, the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning
	after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. For private companies, not-for-profit organizations,
	and employee benefit plans, the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December
	15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018.


	 






	3.






	GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES






	 


	These consolidated financial statements
	have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and
	the discharge of liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future.



	 



	For the year ended December 31, 2016, the
	Company reported a net loss of $798,637 and working capital deficit of $412,635. The Company had an accumulated deficit of $533,282
	as of December 31, 2016 due to the fact that the Company incurred losses during the year ended December 31, 2016.



	 



	The continuation of the Company as a going
	concern is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial support from its stockholders or other capital
	sources. Management believes that the continuing financial support from the existing shareholders or external debt financing will
	provide the additional cash to meet the Company’s obligations as they become due.



	 



	These consolidation financial statements
	do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the
	amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of the Company’s ability to continue as a going
	concern.


	 








	 


	F-

	18



	 







	 




	 












	4.






	CASH
	AND AVAILABLE FOR SALE SECURITIES







	 





	 


	 


	Estimated

	Fair Value


	 




	 


	 


	As of

	December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	As of

	December 31, 2015


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash


	 


	$


	363,015


	 


	 


	$


	471,907


	 




	Short-term investments:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Quoted shares in Malaysia


	 


	 


	12,660


	 


	 


	 


	40,979


	 




	Total short-term investments


	 


	 


	12,660


	 


	 


	 


	40,979


	 




	Total cash, and cash equivalents, and short-term investments


	 


	$


	375,675


	 


	 


	$


	512,886


	 






	 



	Realized gains and realized losses were
	not significant for either of the years ended December 31, 2016 or 2015. As of December 31, 2016 unrealized loss
	on investment was $2,745. As of December 31, 2015, unrealized gain on investments was $820.


	 


	During the years ended December 31,
	2016 and 2015, the Company did not recognize any impairment charges on outstanding investments. As of December 31, 2016, the
	Company did not consider any of its investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired.



	 









	5.






	OTHER RECEIVABLES, NET






	 


	 Other receivables consist of the following:


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	As of

	December 31,

	2016


	 


	 


	As of

	December 31,

	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deposits


	 


	(1)


	 


	$


	746,386


	 


	 


	$


	2,175


	 




	Prepayment


	 


	(2)


	 


	 


	1,165


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	$


	747,551


	 


	 


	$


	2,175


	 





	 






	(1)


	Deposits represented payments for telephone,
	electricity, water, maintenance fee, rental & utility and parking.




	 






	(2)


	Prepayment represented prepayments for maintenance fee,
	sinking fund and fire assurance.




	 






	 


	F-

	19



	 







	 




	 










	6.






	PROPERTY
	AND EQUIPMENT, NET






	 


	Property and equipment, net consist of the following:


	 




	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Leasehold building


	 


	$


	70,543


	 


	 


	$


	73,741


	 




	Computer and software


	 


	 


	3,979


	 


	 


	 


	1,024


	 




	Furniture and fixtures


	 


	 


	505


	 


	 


	 


	22,254


	 




	Leasehold improvement


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	4,971


	 




	 


	 


	 


	75,027


	 


	 


	 


	101,990


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Less: Accumulated depreciation


	 


	 


	(14,963


	)


	 


	 


	(15,519


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Balance at end of year


	 


	$


	60,064


	 


	 


	$


	86,471


	 





	 


	Depreciation expenses charged to the statements of operations
	with the average exchange rate for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 were $2,186 and $3,823,
	respectively.



	 











	7.






	OTHER
	PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS







	 





	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other payables


	 


	$


	2,440,117


	 


	 


	$


	903,654


	 




	Accruals


	 


	 


	4,454


	 


	 


	 


	3,287


	 




	 


	 


	$


	2,444,571


	 


	 


	$


	906,941


	 






	 











	8.






	INCOME
	TAX






	 


	Provision for income taxes consisted of the
	following: 


	 






	 


	 


	For the year ended


	 




	 


	 


	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Provision for Malaysian income tax


	 


	$


	725


	 


	 


	$


	121


	 




	Provision for U.S. income tax


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Deferred:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Provision for Malaysian income tax


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Provision for U.S. income tax


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	$


	725


	 


	 


	$


	121


	 





	 






	 


	F-

	20



	 







	 




	 



	Malaysia



	 


	Malaysia HWGG recorded a loss before income tax of $583,804
	and $171,205 for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes
	with amounts determined by applying the Malaysian income tax rate of 24% and 25% for the years ended December 31, 2016 and
	2015, respectively, to income before income taxes are as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	For the year ended


	 




	 


	 


	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Profit (loss) before income tax


	 


	$


	(583,804


	)


	 


	$


	(171,205


	)




	Permanent difference


	 


	 


	586,704


	 


	 


	 


	171,689


	 




	Taxable income


	 


	$


	2,900


	 


	 


	$


	484


	 




	Malaysian income tax rate


	 


	 


	24


	%


	 


	 


	25


	%




	Current tax expenses


	 


	$


	725


	 


	 


	$


	121


	 




	Less: Valuation allowance


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Income tax expenses


	 


	$


	725


	 


	 


	$


	121


	 





	 



	United States of America




	 



	HWGG is a company incorporated in State
	of Nevada and recorded a loss before income tax of $208,830 and nil for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
	A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes with amounts determined by applying the United States Federal income tax rate
	of 34% for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to income before income taxes are as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	For the year ended


	 




	 


	 


	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Profit (loss) before income tax


	 


	$


	(208,830


	)


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Permanent difference


	 


	 


	208,830


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Taxable income


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Malaysian income tax rate


	 


	 


	34


	%


	 


	 


	34


	%




	Current tax expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Less: Valuation allowance


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Income tax expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 





	 


	No deferred tax has been provided as there
	are no material temporary differences arising during the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.



	 











	9.






	RELATED
	PARTY TRANSACTIONS






	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, amounts due from related parties
	were as follows:


	 




	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Ho Wah Genting Berhad


	 


	$


	544,096


	 


	 


	$


	2,573


	 




	Vitaxel SDN BHD


	 


	 


	585,619


	 


	 


	 


	233,100


	 




	Vitaxel Online Mall SDN BHD


	 


	 


	22,299


	 


	 


	 


	606


	 




	 


	 


	$


	1,152,014


	 


	 


	$


	236,279


	 





	 


	The amounts due from related companies
	are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, amounts
	due from directors were as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Dato' Lim Boon Hui


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	578,358


	 




	Lim Chun Hoo


	 


	 


	23,503


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	$


	23,503


	 


	 


	$


	578,358


	 





	 


	The amounts due from a director were unsecured,
	interest-free and repayable on demand.


	 






	 


	F-

	21



	 







	 




	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, amounts due to directors were
	as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Gavin Lim Chun Hoo


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	7,718


	 




	Liew Jenn Lim


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	18


	 




	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	7,736


	 





	 


	Gavin Lim Chun Hoo and Liew Jenn Lim are
	directors of Beedo. The amounts due to directors were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, amounts
	due to related parties were as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Dato' Lim Boon Hui


	 


	$


	208,830


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Beedo SDN BHD


	 


	 


	57,977


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	$


	266,807


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 





	 


	During the years ended December
	31, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized rental income of $5,801 and $6,147 respectively from Ho Wah Genting Berhad (“HWGB”). Our
	president, Dato’ Lim Hui Boon, is also the Group President and shareholder of HWGB. In addition,
	two sons of Dato’ Lim Hui Boon are directors of HWGB.


	 




	On April 1, 2016, we entered into the Travel
	and Junket Service Contract with our partner, Ho Wah Genting Holiday SDN BHD (“HWGH”), pursuant to which HWGH shall
	render HWGG tour agency services, including but not limited to providing HWGG with tour packages, hotel bookings, and transportation
	arrangements to offer HWGG’s members and to share in junket operation profits. Lim Chun Hoo, our Chief Executive Officer,
	Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and director, is the Executive Director of HWGH. In addition, two sons of Dato
	Lim Hui Boon, our president, are the directors of HWGB, the parent company of HWGH. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the
	Company recognized junket commission revenue of $16,730 from HWGH.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, HWGB owed the Company $544,096. Such
	debt is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


	 


	During the period ending December 31, 2016, Dato Lim Hui Boon,
	our President, loaned $208,830 to the Company. Such debt is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


	 


	During the period ending December 31, 2016, the Company loaned
	$23,503 to Lim Chun Hoo, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and director. Such debt
	is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. 


	 


	During the period ending December 31, 2016, the Company loaned
	$585,619 to Vitaxel Sdn Bhd, a Malaysian corporation (“Vitaxel”) and $22,299 to Vitaxel Online Mall Sdn Bhd, a Malaysian
	corporation (“Vionmall”). Such debt is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. Vitaxel and Vionmall are wholly
	owned subsidiaries of Vitaxel Group Limited, a Nevada corporation. Lim Chun Hoo, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
	Chief Operating Officer and director, was a director of Vitaxel Group Limited, Vionmall and Vitaxel’s parent company, until
	his resignation on March 31, 2017. In addition, Leong Yee Ming, our former Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and
	director, is a director and Chief Executive Officer of Vitaxel Group Limited.


	 


	From January 1, 2016 to August 12, 2016,
	the Company, through its subsidiary Beedo recognized revenue from the provision of information technology services of $9,668 from
	HWGH and $55,545 from Vitaxel. Beedo was disposed of by the Company after August 12, 2016 and stopped earning revenue from the
	provision of information technology services.


	 


	During the year ended December 31, 2016
	and 2015, the recognized junket commission revenue of the Company from HWGH was $16,730 and $nil, respectively.


	 


	During the year ended December 31, 2015,
	the Company recognized revenue of $18,263 from the provision of information technology services from HWGH and $640 from HWGB.


	 






	 


	F-

	22



	 







	 




	 








	10.






	EARNINGS
	(LOSS) PER SHARE






	 


	The Company has adopted ASC Topic No. 260, 

	“Earnings
	Per Share,”

	 (“EPS”) which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement,
	and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of
	the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements, basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing
	net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.


	 


	The following table sets forth the computation
	of basic and diluted earnings per share:


	 






	 


	 


	For the years ended


	 




	 


	 


	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss applicable to common shares


	 


	$


	(798,637


	)


	 


	$


	(160,080


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Weighted average common shares outstanding (Basic)


	 


	 


	830,886,025


	 


	 


	 


	200,375,532


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Weighted average common shares outstanding (Diluted)


	 


	 


	830,886,025


	 


	 


	 


	200,375,532


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)





	 


	The Company has no potentially dilutive
	securities, such as options or warrants, currently issued and outstanding.



	 









	11.






	SEGMENT
	INFORMATION






	 


	The Company’s operating businesses
	are organized based on the business activities from which the Company earns revenues. In June 2015, the Company acquired Beedo.
	After the acquisition was consummated, Beedo engaged in the provision of information technology services to generate revenue for
	the Company until disposal.


	 


	Our reported segments for the years ended
	December 31, 2016 and 2015 are described as follows:


	 






	 


	F-

	23



	 







	 




	 



	Investment property holding



	 


	The Company generates rental income from
	the leasing out of its leasehold building.



	 




	Information technology services



	 


	The Company generates revenue from
	the provision of information technology services. This line of business commenced in the year 2015. This line of business
	ended on August 12, 2016 when the Company completed the disposal of its subsidiary, Beedo.



	 




	Junket operations




	 



	The Company generates revenue from junket operations
	with commissions receivable from Ho Wah Genting Holiday SDN BHD. This line of business commenced in the year 2016.


	 



	Others



	 


	These comprise of general operating and
	administrative expenses, and other income/expenses not directly attributable to the sources of revenue of the Company for the years
	ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 


	The Company’s reportable segments
	are managed separately based on the fundamental differences in their operations.


	 


	Information with
	respect to these reportable business segments for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:


	 








	 


	 


	For the years ended


	 




	 


	 


	December

	31, 2016


	 


	 


	December

	31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenues:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investment property holding


	 


	$


	5,801


	 


	 


	$


	6,147


	 




	Information technology services


	 


	 


	74,291


	 


	 


	 


	28,872


	 




	Junket operations


	 


	 


	16,730


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Others


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	$


	96,822


	 


	 


	$


	35,019


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cost of revenues:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investment property holding


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Information technology services


	 


	 


	14,586


	 


	 


	 


	10,194


	 




	Junket operations


	 


	 


	5,474


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Others


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	$


	20,060


	 


	 


	$


	10,194


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Depreciation:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investment property holding


	 


	$


	1,411


	 


	 


	$


	1,621


	 




	Information technology services


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Junket operations


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Others


	 


	 


	3,909


	 


	 


	 


	2,202


	 




	 


	 


	$


	5,320


	 


	 


	$


	3,823


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net income (loss):


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investment property holding


	 


	$


	4,390


	 


	 


	$


	4,526


	 




	Information technology services


	 


	 


	59,705


	 


	 


	 


	18,678


	 




	Junket operations


	 


	 


	11,256


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Others


	 


	 


	(885,940


	)


	 


	 


	(194,530


	)




	 


	 


	$


	(810,589


	)


	 


	$


	(171,326


	)





	 






	 


	F-

	24



	 







	 




	 






	 


	 


	December 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	Investment

	property

	holding


	 


	 


	Information

	technology

	services


	 


	 


	Junket

	operation


	 


	 


	Others


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	Identifiable long-lived assets, net


	 


	$


	56,317


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	3,747


	 


	 


	$


	60,064


	 




	 




	 


	 


	December 31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	Investment

	property

	holding


	 


	 


	Information

	technology

	services


	 


	 


	Junket

	operation


	 


	 


	Others


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	Identifiable long-lived assets, net


	 


	$


	60,286


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	26,185


	 


	 


	$


	86,471


	 






	 



	The Company does not allocate any administrative
	expenses and other income/expenses to its reportable segments because these activities are managed at a corporate level. In addition,
	the specified amounts for income tax expense are not included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating
	decision maker and these specified amounts are not regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker. Therefore, the Company
	has not disclosed income tax expense for each reportable segment.


	 


	Asset information
	by reportable segment is not reported to or reviewed by the chief operating decision maker and, therefore, the Company has not
	disclosed asset information for each reportable segment. The Company’s operations are located in Malaysia. All revenues are
	derived from customers in Malaysia. All of the Company’s operating assets are located in Malaysia.



	 









	12.






	FAIR
	VALUE MEASUREMENTS







	 






	Fair Value of Financial Assets



	 


	The Company’s financial assets measured
	at fair value on a recurring basis subject to disclosure requirements at December 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Quoted Prices


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	in Active


	 


	 


	Significant


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Markets for


	 


	 


	Other


	 


	 


	Significant


	 




	 


	 


	Balance at


	 


	 


	Identical


	 


	 


	Observable


	 


	 


	Unobserved


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	Assets


	 


	 


	Inputs


	 


	 


	Inputs


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	(Level 1)


	 


	 


	(Level 2)


	 


	 


	(Level 3)


	 




	Short-term investments:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Quoted shares in Malaysia


	 


	$


	12,660


	 


	 


	$


	12,660


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Total short-term investments


	 


	 


	12,660


	 


	 


	 


	12,660


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total financial assets measured at fair value


	 


	$


	12,660


	 


	 


	$


	12,660


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 





	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Quoted Prices


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	in Active


	 


	 


	Significant


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Markets for


	 


	 


	Other


	 


	 


	Significant


	 




	 


	 


	Balance at


	 


	 


	Identical


	 


	 


	Observable


	 


	 


	Unobserved


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	Assets


	 


	 


	Inputs


	 


	 


	Inputs


	 




	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	(Level 1)


	 


	 


	(Level 2)


	 


	 


	(Level 3)


	 




	Short-term investments:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Quoted shares in Malaysia


	 


	$


	40,979


	 


	 


	$


	40,979


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Total short-term investments


	 


	 


	40,979


	 


	 


	 


	40,979


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total financial assets measured at fair value


	 


	$


	40,979


	 


	 


	$


	40,979


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 






	 








	13.




	DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARY AND LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS






	 



	On June 25, 2015 the Company acquired
	65% of the equity interests of Beedo, a Malaysian company founded by Lim Chun Hoo, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief
	Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and director, who served as its director since May 2014. On July 7, 2015,
	Beedo increased its number of authorized shares from 2,500 the Company acquired an additional 508,375 shares in Beedo for
	MYR 508,375 ($133,403) and its equity interest in Beedo became 51%.


	 


	On August 12, 2016, the Company completed
	the disposal of its subsidiary, Beedo, by wholly transferring the shares it owns to a related party, Dato’ Lim Hui Boon,
	for the consideration of $118,881 (RM 510,000).


	 






	 


	F-

	25



	 







	 




	 


	Summarized financial information for discontinued
	operations is shown in the tables below.


	 








	 


	 



	For the year ended

	December
	31,



	 




	 


	 



	2016



	 


	 



	2015



	 




	Total revenue


	 


	$


	74,291


	 


	 


	 



	$ 28,872



	 




	Income (loss) from discontinued operations


	 


	$


	(24,392


	)


	 


	$


	(22,951


	)




	Gain on disposal


	 


	$


	7,397


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Total gain (loss) from discontinued operations, before income taxes


	 


	$


	(16,995


	)


	 


	$


	(22,951


	)




	Provision for income taxes


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Gain (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax


	 


	$


	(16,995


	)


	 


	$


	(22,951


	)





	 


	As of the date of disposal, Beedo had net assets of $194,726, and non-controlling interests of $83,242. The
	Company recognized a gain on disposal of $7,397 accordingly.


	 






	 


	 


	As of


	 


	 


	As of


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CURRENT ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	8,900


	 




	Other receivables, deposits and prepayment


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	1,888


	 




	Other current assets


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	179,487


	 




	Total Current Assets


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	190,275


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	24,596


	 




	TOTAL ASSETS


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	214,871


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other payables and accrued expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	1,200


	 




	Amount due to directors


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	7,736


	 




	Total Liabilities


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	8,936


	 






	 









	14.






	SUBSEQUENT
	EVENTS






	 


	Effective March 1, 2017, Mr. Leong Yee
	Ming resigned as a director and as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operation Officer of the Company.


	 


	Effective March 1, 2017, immediately following
	Mr. Leong Yee Ming’s resignation, the Company appointed Mr. Lim Chun Hoo as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operation Officer
	of the Company.


	 


	Effective March 1, 2017, immediately following
	Mr. Leong Yee Ming’s resignation, the board of directors of the Company increased the number of directors comprising the
	Board from the previous level of three directors to four directors and appointed Mr. Liew Jenn Lim and Mr. Mok Lip Bin as directors
	of the Company. Neither Mr. Liew Jenn Lim nor Mr. Mok Lip Bin are independent directors under the applicable standards of the SEC
	and the Nasdaq stock market.

	 



	 


	The Company has evaluated subsequent events
	from the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued and determined that there are no additional
	items to disclose except above mentioned matters.


	 






	 


	F-

	26



	 









	 




	 







	ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
	Accounting and Financial Disclosure




	 



	None.



	 







	ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures




	 






	Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.







	 




	We maintain controls and procedures that are designed to ensure
	that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded,
	processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information
	is accumulated and communicated to our management including our principal executive and principal financial officer,
	as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based upon their evaluation of those controls and
	procedures performed as of the end of the period covered by this report, our principal executive and principal financial
	officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring that: (i) information required to
	be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
	within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information required to be disclosed in our reports
	filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow
	for accurate and timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


	 





	Management’s annual report on internal control
	over financial reporting.





	 


	Lim Chun Hoo our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
	Officer, responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  Internal control
	over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a
	process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by our Board
	of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
	and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
	includes those policies and procedures that:


	 






	a)


	pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable
	detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;








	b)


	provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
	as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
	our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; and








	c)


	provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
	timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial
	statements.




	 


	Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over
	financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
	only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
	to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
	of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


	 


	Our Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer assessed the
	effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016.  In making this assessment, management
	used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in 

	Internal Control — Integrated Framework.

	 A material weakness, as defined by SEC rules, is a control
	deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of
	the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses in internal
	control over financial reporting that were identified are:


	 






	a)


	We did not maintain sufficient personnel with an appropriate
	level of technical accounting knowledge, experience, and training in the application of GAAP commensurate with our complexity
	and our financial accounting and reporting requirements. We have limited experience in the areas of financial reporting and disclosure
	controls and procedures. Also, we do not have an independent audit committee. As a result, there is a lack of monitoring of the
	financial reporting process and there is a reasonable possibility that material misstatements of the financial statements, including
	disclosures, will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis; and




	 






	b)


	Due to our small size, we do not have a proper segregation
	of duties in certain areas of our financial reporting process. The areas where we have a lack of segregation of duties include
	cash receipts and disbursements, approval of purchases and approval of accounts payable invoices for payment. This control deficiency,
	which is pervasive in nature, results in a reasonable possibility that material misstatements of the financial statements will
	not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.




	 


	Based on our assessment, our Chief Executive and Chief Financial
	Officer believes that, as of December 31, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting is not effective based on those criteria.


	 






	 



	20



	 







	 




	 


	Accordingly, management believes, based on its knowledge, that
	(1) this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material face necessary to make the
	statements made not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report, and (2) the financial statements, and other financial
	information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and
	cash flows for the years and periods then ended.


	 


	This report does not include an attestation report of our independent
	registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.  Management’s report was not
	subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
	only management’s report in this report.


	 





	Changes in internal control over financial reporting.





	 


	There were no changes in our internal control over financial
	reporting during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
	to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.




	 







	PART III




	 








	ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.



	 


	The following table sets forth information regarding our executive
	officers and directors.


	 








	Name and Address




	 




	Age




	 




	Position(s)






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Dato Lim Hui Boon



	 



	65



	 



	President






	Lim Chun Hoo



	 



	27



	 



	Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operation Officer and Director






	Ong Kooi Tatt



	 



	41



	 



	Secretary and Director






	Liew Jenn Lim



	 



	28



	 



	Director






	Mok Lip Bin



	 



	28



	 



	Director






	 


	Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting
	of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast at
	the annual meeting of stockholders and hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until a
	successor has been elected and qualified.


	 


	A majority of the authorized number of directors constitutes
	a quorum of the Board of Directors for the transaction of business. The directors must be present at the meeting to constitute
	a quorum. However, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all
	members of the Board of Directors individually or collectively consent in writing to the action.


	 


	Executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and
	serve at its pleasure.


	 


	The principal occupation and business experience during at least
	the past five years for our executive officers and directors are as follows:




	 






	Dato Lim Hui Boon – President




	Dato Lim Hui Boon has served as our President since November
	8, 2016. He is the founder of HWGG and has more than 30 years business experience in a diversified range of businesses such as
	hospitality, gaming operation, resorts, transportation services, travel and tours, construction, mining and capital finance markets.
	In June 2011, he was appointed as the Group President of HWGB in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. He is the founder of Ho Wah Genting and
	has managed Ho Wah Genting since its inception in 1979. He also holds positions as an Honorable Committee Member of the Kuala Lumpur
	and Selangor Hwee Ann Association and a member of the Kuala Lumpur and Selangor Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry. In May
	2015, Dato’ Lim Hui Boon received an Honorary Professorship from the University of International Business and Economics,
	Beijing, China.



	 





	Lim Chun Hoo – Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
	Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director




	Lim Chun Hoo has served as our Chief Executive Officer and director
	since November 8, 2016 and November 4, 2016, respectively. On March 1, 2017, he was also appointed to serve as our Chief Financial
	Officer and Chief Operating Office. He also serves as executive director of Ho Wah Genting Holiday Sdn Bhd, a travel agency specialized
	in promoting vacation packages, tours and entertainment facilities. In May, 2014, he founded an information technology company,
	Beedo and serves as its director. From August, 2013 to May, 2014, he was Senior Share Investment Executive at Public Bank Berhad.
	From August, 2010 to August, 2013, he served as a costing executive under PT. Ho Wah Genting, Indonesia. He holds a Bachelor of
	Arts (Honours) in Finance and Investment Management from University of Northumbria, Newcastle Upon Tyne, United Kingdom in 2010.




	 






	Ong Kooi Tatt – Secretary and Director




	Ong Kooi Tatt has served as our Secretary and director since
	November 8, 2016 and November 4, 2016, respectively. In January 2016 he helped list Vitaxel Group Limited on the OTC Market. In
	July, 2007, he co-founded AsiaCrux Sdn Bhd and took them public as CVM Magnesium Ltd in the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong in December
	2008. From January to December 2004, he was involved in listing NagaCorp, a gaming corporation in the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.
	From April 2001 to December 2004, he set-up and led the internal audit department and the Night Audit Department at Naga Corp Ltd.
	From January 1996 to December 1998, he handled the internal audit files for Metroplex Berhad. He is a Charted Accountant and is
	a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.




	 








	 



	21



	 







	 






	 






	Liew Jenn Lim – Director




	Liew Jenn Lim has served as our director since March 1, 2017.
	He is also a director of Ho Wah Genting Group Sdn Bhd and Vitaxel Online Mall Sdn Bhd since March 1, 2017 and January 25, 2016,
	respectively. Since 2013, he has served and continues to serve as the Executive Director of Beedo and the Marketing Director of
	Vitaxel Online Mall Sdn Bhd. From 2010 to 2013, he was a student at Swinburne University of Technology, Melbourne, where he received
	his Bachelors of Information and Communication Technology. He also has a diploma in Information Technology from the Asia Pacific
	University of College of Technology and Innovation, Malaysia.


	 




	Mok Lip Bin – Director




	Mok Lip Bin has served as our director since March 1, 2017.
	He originally joined HWGG as its Business Development Executive in March 2015. He is also the director of our wholly owned subsidiary,
	Ho Wah Genting Group Sdn Bhd. From September 2012 to August 2014, he worked at CIMB Bank BHD as an Assistant Sales Manager and
	Mortgage Advisor. He received his Bachelor of Arts in Management and Marketing from the Keele University, Malaysia and a diploma
	in Business Administration from KDU University College, Malaysia.


	 



	Director Independence



	 


	We are not currently subject to listing requirements of any
	national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board of directors
	be “independent” and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a majority
	of “independent directors.” None of our directors are independent directors under the applicable standards of the SEC
	and the NASDAQ stock market.




	 





	Family Relationships.



	 



	Except
	for the father and son relationship between Dato Lim Hui Boon, our President, and Lim Chun Hoo, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief
	Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and director, there are no family relationships among our directors or executive officers.

	 


	 



	Involvement in Legal Proceedings.



	 


	There are no orders, judgments, or decrees of any governmental
	agency or administrator, or of any court of competent jurisdiction, revoking or suspending for cause any license, permit or other
	authority to engage in the securities business or in the sale of a particular security or temporarily or permanently restraining
	any of our officers or directors from engaging in or continuing any conduct, practice or employment in connection with the purchase
	or sale of securities, or convicting such person of any felony or misdemeanor involving a security, or any aspect of the securities
	business or of theft or of any felony. Nor are any of the officers or directors of any corporation or entity affiliated with us
	so enjoined.


	 



	Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
	Compliance

	.


	 


	Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
	requires our directors and officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file with the SEC initial
	reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock. Directors, officers and persons who own more than
	ten percent of our common stock are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.


	 


	To our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of
	such reports furnished to us, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, each of our directors, officers and greater than
	ten percent shareholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our directors, officers and greater
	than ten percent shareholders.



	 




	Board Committees.



	 


	Our Board of Directors does not currently have a compensation
	committee or nominating and corporate governance committee because, due to the Board of Director’s composition and our relatively
	limited operations, the Board of Directors is able to effectively manage the issues normally considered by such committees. Our
	Board of Directors may undertake a review of the need for these committees in the future.


	 



	Audit Committee and Financial Expert.



	 


	We do not have an audit committee financial expert because we
	believe the cost related to retaining a financial expert at this time is prohibitive. Further, because we have no operations, at
	the present time, we believe the services of a financial expert are not warranted.


	 



	Code of Ethics.



	 


	We do not have a code of ethics.


	 






	 



	22



	 








	 




	 







	ITEM 11. Executive Compensation



	 


	The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned
	by, or paid to our executive officers by any person for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the last two fiscal years
	ended on December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 





	SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE



	 




	Name and

	Principal

	Position


	 


	Year


	 


	Salary

	(US$)


	 


	 


	Bonus

	(US$)


	 


	 


	Stock

	Awards

	(US$) (2)


	 


	 


	Option

	Awards

	(#shares)


	 


	 


	Non-Equity

	Incentive Plan

	Compensation

	(US$)


	 


	 


	Nonqualified

	Deferred

	Compensation

	Earnings (US$)


	 


	 


	All Other

	Compensation

	(US$)


	 


	 


	Total

	(US$)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	David Breier


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 





	(President, CEO, CFO, Secretary)

	(1)




	 


	2015


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Dato Lim Hui Boon


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 





	(President)

	(1)(2)




	 


	2015


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Lim Chun Hoo


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 





	(CEO)

	(1)(2)(3)




	 


	2015


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Leong Yee Ming


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 





	(COO/CFO)

	(1)(2)(3)




	 


	2015


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Ong Kooi Tatt


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	17,136


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	17,136


	 





	 (Secretary)

	(1)(2)




	 


	2015


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 


	 


	 


	-0-


	 






	 








	(1)



	On November 8, 2016, Mr. Breier resigned as our sole executive officer and Data Lim Hui Boon, Lim Chun Hoo, Leong Yee Ming
	and Ong Kooi Tatt were appointed as the company’s President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating
	Officer, and Secretary, respectively.









	(2)



	Reflects compensation received from HWGG









	(3)



	On March 1, 2017, Leong Yee Ming resigned as our Chief
	Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer and the company appointed Lim Chun Hoo to replace him in such positions.




	 


	We have no plans in place and have never maintained any plans
	that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will be paid primarily following retirement including, but
	not limited to, tax qualified deferred benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement plans, tax-qualified deferred contribution
	plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans.


	 


	Except as indicated below, we have no contracts, agreements,
	plans or arrangements, whether written or unwritten, that provide for payments to the named executive officers listed above.



	 




	Employment Agreements



	 


	On July 1, 2016, HWGG entered into a Consulting Services Agreement
	(the “Consulting Agreement”) with Ong Kooi Tatt pursuant to which Ong Kooi Tatt provides management services. Pursuant
	to the Consulting Agreement, Ong Kooi Tatt receives a monthly consulting fee of RM 12,000 (approximately US $2,856 per month).
	The Consulting Agreement may be terminated by either party by providing the other with written notice of termination not less than
	one month prior to the date of termination.


	 


	None of the Company’s executive officers have employment
	agreements directly with the Company, although they may enter into such agreements in the future.



	 




	Director Compensation



	 


	Other than the Consulting Agreement referenced above, our directors
	receive no compensation for their services as directors.

	 



	 






	 



	23



	 








	 





	 








	ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
	and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.



	 


	The following table lists, as of April 6, 2017, the number of
	shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial
	owner of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and
	directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders and management
	is based upon information furnished by each person using “beneficial ownership” concepts under the rules of the Securities
	and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares
	voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power
	to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that
	person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than
	one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of
	securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting
	and investment power.


	 


	The percentages below are calculated based on 1,000,055,532
	shares of our common stock issued as of April 6, 2017. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each stockholder listed below
	is c/o Ho Wah Genting Group Limited Wisma Ho Wah Genting, No. 35, Jalan Maharajalela, 50150 W2 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.


	 








	Name and address of beneficial owner


	 


	Amount and

	nature of

	beneficial

	ownership


	 


	 


	Percent

	of

	class


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Directors and Executive Officers


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Dato Lim Hui Boon


	 


	 


	71,971,200


	 


	 


	 


	7.20


	%




	Leong Yee Ming(1)


	 


	 


	7,996,200


	 


	 


	 


	0.80


	%




	Lim Chun Hoo


	 


	 


	719,712,000


	 


	 


	 


	71.97


	%




	Ong Kooi Tatt


	 


	 


	0


	 


	 


	 


	0


	%




	David Breier (2)


	 


	 


	0


	 


	 


	 


	0


	%




	Liew Jenn Lim


	 


	 


	0


	 


	 


	 


	0


	%




	Mok Lip Bin


	 


	 


	0


	 


	 


	 


	0


	%





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	All directors and executive officers as a group (5 persons)


	 


	 


	799,679,400


	 


	 


	 


	78.45


	%




	 


	(1) Leong Yee Ming resigned as the Chief Financial Officer,
	Chief Operating Officer and director of the Company on March 1, 2017.


	 


	(2) David Breier resigned as sole director on November 4, 2016
	and from all executive officer positions on November 8, 2016. As of November 4, 2016 Mr. Breier did not own any shares of our Common
	Stock and ceased to be the controlling stockholder. His address is 1 East Bedell Street, Freeport, New York 11520.


	 




	Changes in Control

	.



	 


	Our management is not aware of any
	arrangements which may result in “changes in control” as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation
	S-K, currently.



	 







	ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and
	Director Independence.



	 




	SEC rules require us to disclose any transaction or currently proposed
	transaction in which the Company is a participant and in which any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material
	interest involving the lesser of $120,000 or one percent (1%) of the average of the Company’s total assets as of the end
	of last two completed fiscal years. A related person is any executive officer, director, nominee for director, or holder of 5%
	or more of the Company’s Common Stock, or an immediate family member of any of those persons.


	 


	The descriptions set forth above under “Item 1: Description
	of the Business – Corporate History” and “Executive Compensation—Employment Agreements” and “—Director
	Compensation” are incorporated herein by reference.


	 


	In addition, on April 1, 2016, we entered into
	the Travel and Junket Service Contract with our partner, HWGH, pursuant to which
	HWGH shall render HWGG tour agency services, including but not limited to providing HWGG with tour packages, hotel bookings, and
	transportation arrangements to offer HWGG’s members and to share in junket operation profits. Lim Chun Hoo, our executive officer and director, is the Executive
	Director of HWGH. In addition, two sons of Dato Lim Hui Boon, our president, are the directors of HWGB, the parent company of HWGH.
	Dato Lim Hui Boon is also the Group President and shareholder of HWGB. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the recognized
	junket commission revenue from HWGH was $16,730.

	 



	 



	As of
	December 31, 2016, HWGB owed the Company $544,096. Such debt is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on
	demand.

	 


	 








	 



	24



	 







	 




	 


	During the period ending December 31, 2016, Dato Lim Hui Boon, our
	President, loaned $208,830 to the Company. Such debt is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


	 


	During the period ending December 31, 2016, the Company loaned $23,503
	to Lim Chun Hoo, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and director. Such debt was unsecured,
	interest-free and repayable on demand. As of the date hereof, Lim Chun Hoo owes $0 to the Company.


	 



	During
	the period ending December 31, 2016, the Company loaned $585,619 to Vitaxel Sdn Bhd, a Malaysian corporation (“Vitaxel”)
	and $22,299 to Vitaxel Online Mall Sdn Bhd, a Malaysian corporation (“Vionmall”). Such debt is unsecured, interest-free
	and repayable on demand. Vitaxel and Vionmall are wholly owned subsidiaries of Vitaxel Group Limited, a Nevada corporation. Lim
	Chun Hoo, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and director, was a director of Vitaxel
	Group Limited until his resignation on March 31, 2017. In addition, Leong Yee Ming, our former Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating
	Officer and director, is a director and Chief Executive Officer of Vitaxel Group Limited.

	 



	 

	 


	During the period ended December 31, 2016, the
	Company recognized rental income of $5,801 from HWGB. The president of the Company, Dato’ Lim Hui Boon,
	is also the Group President of HWGB. In addition, two sons of Dato’ Lim Hui Boon are directors of HWGB.


	 


	From January 1, 2016 to August 12, 2016,
	the Company, through its subsidiary Beedo recognized revenue from the provision of information technology services of
	$9,668 from HWGH and $55,545 from Vitaxel. Beedo was disposed of by the Company
	after August 12, 2016 and we stopped earning revenue from the provision of information technology services.


	 



	During the period ended December 31, 2016, the Company


	recognized junket commission revenue from HWGH was $16,730.

	 




	 


	We currently do not have a policy in place for dealing with related
	party matters.


	 




	Director independence




	 


	We are not subject to listing requirements of any national securities
	exchange or national securities association and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our board comprised of a
	majority of “independent directors.”



	 







	ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and
	Services.




	 




	Audit Fees.



	 


	The aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years ended
	December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual
	financial statements and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K, and Form 8-K, respectively, or
	services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those
	fiscal years were $36,500 and $35,000, respectively.

	 




	 




	Audit-Related Fees.



	 


	For each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015,
	there were no fees billed for services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements
	outside of those fees disclosed above under “Audit Fees.”



	 




	Tax Fees.



	 


	None.


	 



	All Other Fees.



	 


	None.




	 



	Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures.



	 


	Prior to engaging our accountants to perform a particular service,
	our Board of Directors obtains an estimate for the service to be performed. All of the services described above were approved by
	the Board of Directors in accordance with its procedures.


	 








	 



	25



	 









	 




	 







	PART IV




	 








	ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.



	 


	The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report.


	 





	Exhibits:



	 






	Exhibit No.




	 




	Exhibit Description






	 


	 


	 





	2.1



	 



	Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2016, by and among the Registrant, Ho Wah Genting Group
	SDN BHD (“HWGG”) and the Shareholders of HWGG

	(incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s Current Report
	on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2016)






	 


	 


	 





	3.1



	 



	Articles of Incorporation of the Company

	(incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 7, 2014)






	 


	 


	 





	3.2



	 



	Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 28, 2016

	(incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2016)






	 


	 


	 





	3.3



	 



	Bylaws of the Company (

	incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 7, 2014

	)





	 


	 


	 





	10.1†



	 



	Consulting Service Agreement by and between the Company and Ong Kooi Tatt dated July 1, 2016

	(incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2016)






	 


	 


	 





	10.2



	 



	Split-Off Agreement, dated as of  November 4, 2016, by and among the Registrant and David Breier

	(incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2016)






	 


	 


	 





	10.3



	 



	General Release Agreement, dated as of  November 4, 2016, by and among the Registrant and David Breier

	(incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2016)






	 


	 


	 





	21.1



	 



	Subsidiaries of the Registrant

	(incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2016)






	 


	 


	 





	31.1*



	 




	Certification of the Chief Executive and Financial Officer required under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act






	 


	 


	 





	32.1*



	 




	Certification of the Chief Executive and Financial Officer required under Section 1350 of the Exchange Act






	 


	 


	 





	101 INS*



	 



	XBRL Instance Document





	 


	 


	 





	101 SCH*



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Schema





	 


	 


	 





	101 CAL*



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase





	 


	 


	 





	101 DEF*



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase





	 


	 


	 





	101 LAB*



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase





	 


	 


	 





	101 PRE*



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase






	* Filed herewith


	† Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement



	 







	 



	26



	 









	 





	 








	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 




	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED






	 


	 





	Date: April 17, 2017




	By:




	/s/ Lim Chun Hoo





	 


	 



	Lim Chun Hoo





	 


	 



	Chief Executive Officer





	 






	 



	27



	 








	 




	 








	 



	Exhibit 31.1




	 






	CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
	OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER




	PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(A) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
	ACT OF 2002



	 


	I, Lim Chun Hoo, certify that:


	 




	 



	1.




	I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ho Wah Genting Group Limited;





	 




	 



	2.




	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





	 




	 



	3.




	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;





	 




	 



	4.




	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:





	 




	 



	a.




	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





	 




	 



	b.




	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





	 




	 



	c.




	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





	 




	 



	d.




	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and





	 




	 



	5.




	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





	 




	 



	a.




	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and





	 




	 



	b.




	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.





	 





	Date: April 17, 2017




	By:




	/s/ Lim Chun Hoo





	 



	Name:




	Lim Chun Hoo





	 



	Title:




	Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer





	 


	 



	(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)






	 




	 




	 








	 



	Exhibit 32.1



	 



	STATEMENT FURNISHED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
	ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350




	 



	In connection with the Annual Report on
	Form 10-K of Ho Wah Genting Group Limited (the “Company”) for the year ended December 31st, 2016 (the “Report”),
	I, Lim Chun Hoo, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, certify as follows:


	 




	 



	A)




	the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)), and





	 




	 



	B)




	the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report.





	 


	This statement is authorized to be attached
	as an exhibit to the Report so that this statement will accompany the Report at such time as the Report is filed with the Securities
	and Exchange Commission, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. Pursuant to Securities
	and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed
	by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference in any
	registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company
	specifically incorporates it by reference. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided
	to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


	 





	Date: April 17, 2017




	By:




	/s/ Lim Chun Hoo





	 



	Name:




	Lim Chun Hoo





	 



	Title:




	Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer





	 


	 



	(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)





	 




	 




	 












Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




12:10 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




12:10 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




12:10 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd 10-Q May. 22, 2017  2:00 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd (HWGG)FORM 10-Q | Quarterly ReportMay. 22, 2017  2:00 PM|About: Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd (HWGG)View as PDF

 Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd (Form: 10-Q, Received: 05/22/2017 14:02:40) 









	 







	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549



	 



	FORM 10-Q




	 









	x





	QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
	THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934





	 



	For the quarterly period ended March 31,
	2017




	or









	¨





	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
	THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






	 




	For the transition period from ___________________________
	to ___________________________




	 




	Commission file number
	333-199965




	 






	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED



	 


	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
	charter)


	 






	Nevada




	 




	47-1662242







	(State or other jurisdiction of


	incorporation or organization)



	 



	(I.R.S. Employer


	Identification No.)






	 






	Wisma Ho Wah Genting, No. 35, Jalan Maharajalela,

	50150 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia






	N/A







	(Address of principal executive offices)




	(Zip Code)





	 





	Registrant’s telephone number, including area code



	 




	+ 603-2141-6422






	 


	 (Former name, former address and former
	fiscal year, if changed since last report)


	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
	12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
	filing requirements for the past 90 days.



	x

	Yes

	¨

	No


	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
	and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
	shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).



	¨

	Yes

	x

	No


	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
	of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
	of the Exchange Act.


	 







	Large accelerated filer

	¨





	Accelerated filer

	¨






	 


	 





	Non-accelerated filer

	¨

	(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)




	Smaller reporting company

	x






	 


	Emerging Growth Company

	¨






	 


	If an emerging growth company, indicate by
	check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
	accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

	¨



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).             


	 

	¨

	Yes

	x

	No


	 


	As of May 15, 2017, the Registrant has 1,000,055,532
	shares of common stock outstanding.


	 




	 





	 





	 




	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 









	PART I – FINANCIAL INFORMATION







	F-2








	ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS





	F-2








	CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS



	 





	F-3








	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
	OPERATIONS






	F-4








	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
	FLOWS






	F-5








	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






	F-6







	ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS





	2







	ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK




	5






	ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES





	6





	 


	 







	PART II – OTHER INFORMATION






	6







	ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS





	6







	ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS





	6







	ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS





	6







	ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES





	6







	ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES




	7






	ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION




	7






	ITEM 6. EXHIBITS




	7




	 


	 







	SIGNATURES







	8






	 






	 


	F-

	1



	 







	 




	 







	PART I – FINANCIAL INFORMATION




	 








	ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



	 



	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS


	 




	For the three months ended March 31, 2017



	 






	CONTENTS:




	 




	 


	 






	Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2017 (unaudited) and December
	31, 2016.





	F-3





	 


	 






	Consolidated Statement of Income & Other Comprehensive Income for the
	three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 (unaudited)





	F-4





	 


	 






	Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31,
	2017 and 2016 (unaudited)





	F-5





	 


	 






	Notes to the interim Financial Statements (unaudited)





	F-6





	 






	 


	F-

	2



	 







	 




	 







	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
	SHEETS




	(Stated in US Dollars)



	 




	 


	 


	As of

	March 31,

	2017 (unaudited)


	 


	 


	As of

	December 31,

	2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CURRENT ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	$


	540,320


	 


	 


	$


	363,015


	 





	Account receivables



	 


	 


	55,041


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Other receivables, deposits and prepayment


	 


	 


	1,437,421


	 


	 


	 


	747,551


	 




	Amount due from related parties


	 


	 


	697,841


	 


	 


	 


	1,152,014


	 




	Amount due from a director


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	23,503


	 




	Short-term investments


	 


	 


	12,833


	 


	 


	 


	12,660


	 




	Total Current Assets


	 


	 


	2,743,456


	 


	 


	 


	2,298,743


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET


	 


	 


	60,301


	 


	 


	 


	60,064


	 




	TOTAL ASSETS


	 


	$


	2,803,757


	 


	 


	$


	2,358,807


	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CURRENT LIABILITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other payables and accrued expenses


	 


	$


	3,061,102


	 


	 


	$


	2,444,571


	 




	Amounts due to related parties


	 


	 


	271,131


	 


	 


	 


	266,807


	 




	Total Current Liabilities


	 


	 


	3,332,233


	 


	 


	 


	2,711,378


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock (Par value of $0.0001: 1,500,000,000 shares authorized; and  1,000,055,532 shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016)


	 


	 


	100,006


	 


	 


	 


	100,006


	 




	Additional paid in capital


	 


	 


	302,166


	 


	 


	 


	302,166


	 




	Retained earnings


	 


	 


	(706,494


	)


	 


	 


	(533,282


	)




	Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)


	 


	 


	(224,154


	)


	 


	 


	(221,461


	)




	Total Stockholders’ Equity


	 


	 


	(528,476


	)


	 


	 


	(352,571


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	$


	2,803,757


	 


	 


	$


	2,358,807


	 





	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral part
	of these interim financial statements


	 






	 


	F-

	3



	 







	 




	 







	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME & OTHER
	COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




	(UNAUDITED)



	 











	 




	 




	3
	months ended March 31




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	 

	2016

	   




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	REVENUE




	 




	$




	56,154




	 




	 




	$




	46,610




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	COST
	OF REVENUE




	 




	 




	(661




	)




	 




	 




	(5,687




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	GROSS
	PROFIT




	 




	 




	55,493




	 




	 




	 




	40,923




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	OPERATING
	EXPENSES




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Administrative
	expenses




	 




	 




	(210,375




	)




	 




	 




	(106,358




	)






	LOSS
	FROM OPERATIONS




	 




	 




	(154,882




	)




	 




	 




	(65,435




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	OTHER
	(EXPENSES) INCOME, NET




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Interest
	income




	 




	 




	313




	 




	 




	 




	3




	 






	Other
	operating expenses




	 




	 




	(18,555




	)




	 




	 




	-




	 






	Exchange
	(loss) gain




	 




	 




	(88




	)




	 




	 




	-




	 






	Total
	Other (Expenses) Income, net




	 




	 




	(18,330




	)




	 




	 




	3




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	LOSS
	BEFORE INCOME TAXES




	 




	 




	(173,212




	)




	 




	 




	(65,432




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Income
	tax expense




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(717




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	NET
	(LOSS) INCOME




	 




	 




	(173,212




	)




	 




	 




	(66,149




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Foreign
	currency translation (loss) gain




	 




	 




	18,717




	 




	 




	 




	49,598




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	TOTAL
	COMPREHENSIVE LOSS




	 




	$




	(154,495




	)




	 




	$




	(16,551




	)






	Net
	loss per share




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	-
	basic and diluted




	 




	$




	(0.00




	)




	 




	$




	(0.00




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Weighted
	average number of shares outstanding during the period - basic and diluted




	 




	 




	1,000,055,532




	 




	 




	 




	200,375,532




	 








	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim
	financial statements.


	 






	 


	F-

	4



	 







	 




	 







	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS




	(UNAUDITED)



	  






	 


	 


	Three months ended

	March 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2017


	 


	 


	2016


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(173,212


	)


	 


	 


	(66,149


	)




	Adjusted to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Depreciation – property and equipment


	 


	 


	2,587


	 


	 


	 


	(53,486


	)




	Changes in operating assets and liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts receivable


	 


	 


	(55,041


	)


	 


	 


	(11,171


	)




	Other receivables, deposits and prepayment


	 


	 


	(691,035


	)


	 


	 


	(44,442


	)




	Other payables and accrued expenses


	 


	 


	616,531


	 


	 


	 


	466,133


	 




	Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities


	 


	 


	(300,170


	)


	 


	 


	290,885


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investment equity


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(89,790


	)




	Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(89,790


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss attributable to non-controlling interest


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	160,987


	 




	Amount due from related parties


	 


	 


	454,173


	 


	 


	 


	(345,177


	)




	Amount due from director


	 


	 


	23,503


	 


	 


	 


	(364,788


	)




	Amounts due to related party


	 


	 


	4,324


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Amount due to directors


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(7,736


	)




	Net cash used in financing activities


	 


	 


	482,000


	 


	 


	 


	(556,714


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS


	 


	 


	(4,525


	)


	 


	 


	34,282


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS


	 


	 


	177,305


	 


	 


	 


	(321,337


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD


	 


	 


	363,015


	 


	 


	 


	471,907


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD


	 


	$


	540,320


	 


	 


	 


	150,570


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for interest expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for income tax


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 







	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral part
	of these interim financial statements.



	 







	 


	F-

	5



	 







	 




	 





	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED






	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 








	1.






	ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS






	 


	Ho Wah Genting Group Limited (“HWGG”), a Nevada corporation
	(formerly Computron, Inc.) through Ho Wah Genting Group SDN BHD (“Malaysia HWGG”), a Malaysia company and our wholly
	owned subsidiary, is engaged to promote travel and entertainment services to members to our partnering resorts and cruises in the
	Asia region and develop and invest in real estate property.


	 


	On September 2, 1985, Malaysia HWGG was incorporated under the laws
	of Malaysia as a private company limited by shares with the name “Ho Wah Genting Holdings SDN. BHD” for the purpose
	of functioning as a holding company to obtain ownership interests in Malaysian businesses across various industries. Throughout
	the years, we have expanded our business operations and undergone multiple name changes and restructuring to fit our evolving business
	objectives. First on February 17, 1989, the company changed its name to “Ho Wah Genting Group (M) SDN. BHD.” On October
	2, 1990, the company changed its name to “Ho Wah Genting Group SDN. BHD.” On December 22, 1990 its name was changed
	to “Ho Wah Genting Group Berhad” and was converted to a public company limited by shares. Lastly, on January 18, 1995,
	the company converted back into a private company limited by shares and changed its name to “Ho Wah Genting Group Sdn. Bhd.”


	 


	From 1985 to 2005, Malaysia HWGG was involved in wire and cable,
	taxi, travel agent and tour bus charterers and general insurance agent services. In August 2006, Malaysia HWGG shifted its operations
	to primarily focus on commercial and residential property investment by purchasing a condominium in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and
	renting it out for revenue.


	 


	In 2015, Malaysia HWGG entered the travel and entertainment services
	business by launching the Exclusive Travel Membership program in Malaysia.


	 


	On June 25, 2015, Malaysia HWGG acquired 65% of the equity interests
	of Beedo SDN BHD (“Beedo”). On July 7, 2015, Beedo increased its issued and paid-up shares from 2,500 to 1,000,000.
	HWGG acquired an additional 508,375 shares on that date, making its balance of shares 510,000 and effectively diluting its shareholding
	in Beedo from 65% to 51%. Beedo is mainly engaged in the provision of information technology services. On August 12, 2016, HWGG
	completed the disposal of its subsidiary, Beedo, by wholly transferring the shares it owns to a related party, Dato’ Lim
	Hui Boon, for the consideration of $ 118,881 (RM 510,000).



	 





	REVERSE MERGER




	 


	On October 28, 2016, Computron acquired all the issued and outstanding
	shares of Malaysia HWGG, a privately held Malaysia corporation, pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement and Malaysia HWGG became
	the wholly owned subsidiary of Computron in a reverse merger, or the Merger. Pursuant to the Merger, all of the issued and outstanding
	shares of Malaysia HWGG common stock were converted, at an exchange ratio of 0.56-for-1, into an aggregate of 799,680,000 (560,000
	pre-reverse split) shares of Computron common stock and Malaysia HWGG became a wholly owned subsidiary of Computron. The holders
	of Computron’s common stock as of immediately prior to the Merger held an aggregate of 200,375,532 (140,319 pre-reverse split)
	shares of Computron’s common stock. The accompanying financial statements share and per share information has been retroactively
	adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio in the Merger. Subsequent to the Merger, Computron’s name was changed from “Computron,
	Inc.” to “Ho Wah Genting Group Limited.”.


	 


	On November 4, 2016, we completed and closed a share exchange (the
	“Share Exchange”) under a Share Exchange Agreement (the “Share Exchange Agreement”) of the same date by
	and among us, Malaysia HWGG and the shareholders of Malaysia HWGG pursuant to which Malaysia HWGG became a wholly owned subsidiary
	of ours. In the Share Exchange, all of the outstanding shares of Malaysia HWGG were converted into shares of our Common Stock.


	 






	 


	F-

	6



	 







	 




	 



	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 


	In connection with the Share Exchange and pursuant to the Split-Off
	Agreement (defined below), we transferred our pre-Share Exchange assets and liabilities to our pre-Share Exchange majority stockholder,
	in exchange for the surrender by him and cancellation of 5,000,000 shares of our Common Stock.


	 


	Under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States,
	(“U.S. GAAP”) because Malaysia HWGG’s former stockholders received the greater portion of the voting rights in
	the combined entity and Malaysia HWGG’s senior management represents all of the senior management of the combined entity,
	the Merger was accounted for as a recapitalization effected by a share exchange, wherein Malaysia HWGG is considered the acquirer
	for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities of Malaysia HWGG have been brought forward at their
	book value and no goodwill has been recognized. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are
	reflected in Malaysia HWGG's consolidated financial statements are those of Malaysia HWGG and are recorded at the historical cost
	basis of Malaysia HWGG.


	 








	2.






	SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
	ACCOUNTING POLICIES






	 



	Basis of presentation



	 


	The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
	statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
	America (“U.S. GAAP”) for interim financial information article 8 of Regulation S-X.


	 


	This basis of accounting involves the application
	of accrual accounting and consequently, revenues and gains are recognized when earned, and expenses and losses are recognized when
	incurred. The Company’s financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars.



	 




	Principles of consolidation



	 


	The unaudited consolidated financial statements
	include the accounts of HWGG and its subsidiary, Beedo, collectively referred to within as the Company. All material intercompany
	accounts, transactions, and profits have been eliminated in consolidation.


	 



	Use of estimates



	 


	The preparation of financial statements in
	conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
	and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
	at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual
	results could differ from those estimates.



	 




	Foreign currency translation and transactions



	 


	The functional currency of the Company is the
	Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”) and reporting currency of the Company is the United States Dollar (“USD”). The
	financial statements of the Company are translated into USD using the exchange rate as of the balance sheet date for assets and
	liabilities and average exchange rate for the year for income and expense items. Translation gains and losses are recorded in accumulated
	other comprehensive income or loss as a component of shareholders’ equity.



	 




	Cash and cash equivalents



	 


	The Company considers highly-liquid investments
	with maturities of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents.



	 

	 






	 


	F-

	7



	 







	 





	 




	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 



	Investments



	 


	The Company invests its excess cash primarily
	in equity instruments of high-quality corporate issuers listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia. Such securities are classified
	as short-term investments and are valued at the last reported sales price on the balance sheet date. If no sale price was reported
	on that date, they are valued at the last reported bid price. Changes in the value of these investments are recognized as unrealized
	gain or loss in the statement of income and other comprehensive income.


	 



	Fair value of financial instruments



	 


	FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurement,”
	specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
	market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
	ASC 820, the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


	 


	Level 1 Inputs – Unadjusted quoted market
	prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access. 


	 


	Level 2 Inputs – Inputs other than the
	quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


	 


	Level 3 Inputs – Inputs based on prices
	or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


	 


	ASC 820 requires the use of observable market
	data, when available, in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of
	the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant
	to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
	unobservable inputs. As of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, short term investments classified as held-for-trading were required
	to be reported at fair value on a recurring basis. Carrying values of non-derivative financial instruments, including cash, accounts
	receivables, payables and accrued liabilities, approximate their fair values due to the short term nature of these financial instruments.
	There were no changes in methods or assumptions during the periods presented.



	 




	Property and equipment, net



	 


	Property and equipment are carried at cost
	less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:


	 





	Leasehold building




	50 years





	 


	 





	Computer and software




	5 years





	 


	 





	Furniture and fixtures




	5 years





	 


	 





	Leasehold improvement




	10 years





	 



	Revenue recognition



	 


	The Company provides rental, Information technology
	and junket operation services to customer. The Company has recognized lease revenue based upon its annual rental over the life
	of the operating lease. Lease revenue is recognized using the straight-line method in accordance with ASC Topic 970-605, “Real
	Estate – General – Revenue Recognition” (“ASC Topic 970-605”). Revenue from the provision of information
	technology services is recognized when (a) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, (b) delivery has occurred,
	(c) the vendor’s fee is fixed or determinable and (d) collectability is probable in accordance with ASC Topic 985-605, “Software
	– Revenue Recognition” (“ASC 985-605”). Junket operation revenue is recognized when service is performed,
	vendor’s fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is probable.


	 






	 


	F-

	8



	 







	 





	 




	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 



	Income taxes



	 


	Current income taxes are provided for in accordance
	with the laws of the relevant tax authorities. Deferred income taxes are recognized when temporary differences exist between the
	tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the combined financial statements.Net operating loss carry forwards
	and credits are applied using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
	allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more-likely-than-not that a portion of or all of the deferred tax assets will
	not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current and non-current
	based on their characteristics. 


	 


	The impact of an uncertain income tax position
	on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant
	tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained.
	Interest and penalties on income taxes are classified as a component of the provisions for income taxes. The Company did not recognize
	any income tax due to uncertain tax positions or incur any interest and penalties related to potential underpaid income tax expense
	as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

	 




	 




	Comprehensive loss



	 


	Comprehensive loss includes net loss and cumulative
	foreign currency translation adjustments and is reported in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss.



	 




	Loss per share



	 


	The loss per share is computed using the weighted
	average number of shares outstanding during the fiscal years. For the three and nine months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, there
	is no dilutive effect due to net loss for the periods.



	 




	Segment reporting



	 


	ASC Topic 280 requires use of the “management
	approach” model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the way a company’s management organizes
	segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance. Reportable segments are based on products
	and services, geography, legal structure, management structure, or any other manner in which management disaggregates a company.
	During the period ended March 31, 2017, the Company operated in three reportable business segments: (1) investment property holding
	which generates rental income from the leasing out of its leasehold building, (2) exclusive travel membership (ETM) and junket
	operations (3) information technology services, which generates revenue from the provision of information technology services.


	 


	The others which comprise of general operating
	and administrative expenses, and other income/expenses not directly attributable to the sources of revenue of the Company for the
	three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016.



	 




	Related party transactions



	 


	A related party is
	generally defined as:


	 


	(i) any person that
	holds the Company’s securities including such person’s immediate families,


	 


	(ii) the Company’s management,


	 


	(iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls,
	is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, or


	 


	(iv) anyone who can significantly influence
	the financial and operating decisions of the Company.


	 






	 


	F-

	9



	 







	 




	 



	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 


	A transaction is considered to be a related
	party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties.



	 




	Recently issued accounting pronouncements



	 




	Revenue Recognition:


	 In
	May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The amendments in ASU 2015-14 defer
	the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and
	certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
	2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting
	periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. 


	 




	Financial instrument


	: In January
	2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, “Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
	Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities” (“ASU 2016-01”). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition,
	measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
	within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. Accordingly, the standard is effective
	for us on January 1, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.


	 




	Leases


	: In February 2016, the
	FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (“ASU 2016-2”), which provides guidance on lease amendments to the
	FASB Accounting Standard Codification. This ASU will be effective for us beginning in January 1, 2019. We are currently in the
	process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-2 on our consolidated financial statements.


	 




	Financial Instruments - Credit Losses:


	In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): The amendments in this Update
	require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected
	to be collected. The amendments broaden the information that an entity must consider in developing its expected credit loss estimate
	for assets measured either collectively or individually. The use of forecasted information incorporates more timely information
	in the estimate of expected credit loss, which will be more decision useful to users of the financial statements. ASU 2016-13 is
	effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
	Early adoption is allowed as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
	years. The Company is still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company’s consolidated financial statements
	and related disclosures.


	 


	The Financial Accounting Standards Board and other entities issued
	new or modifications to, or interpretations of, existing accounting guidance during 2017. Management has carefully considered the
	new pronouncements that altered generally accepted accounting principles and does not believe that any other new or modified principles
	will have a material impact on the Company’s reported financial position or operations in the near term.



	 

	 








	3.






	GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES






	 


	These consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
	that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the discharge of liabilities
	in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future.



	 



	For the period ended March 31, 2017, the Company reported a net
	loss of $173,212 and working capital deficit of $588,777. The Company had an accumulated deficit of $706,494 as of March 31, 2017.



	 







	 


	F-

	10



	 







	 




	 



	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 


	The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent
	upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial support from its stockholders or other capital sources. Management
	believes that the continuing financial support from the existing shareholders or external debt financing will provide the additional
	cash to meet the Company’s obligations as they become due.



	 



	These consolidation financial statements do not include any adjustments
	to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of
	liabilities that may result from the outcome of the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


	 





	4. HELD FOR TRADING SECURITIES



	 




	 


	 


	Estimated


	 




	 


	 


	Fair Value


	 




	 


	 


	As of

	March 31, 2017

	(Unaudited)


	 


	 


	As of

	December 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Short-term investments:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Quoted shares in Malaysia


	 


	$


	12,833


	 


	 


	$


	12,660


	 






	 



	R

	ealized
	gains and realized losses were not significant for either of the period ended March 31, 2017 or year ended December 31, 2016.
	As of March 31, 2017 unrealized gain or loss on investment was immaterial. As of December 31, 2016 unrealized loss on investment
	was $2,745.




	 











	5.






	OTHER RECEIVABLES, NET






	 


	Other receivables consist of the following:



	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	As of

	March 31,

	2017


	 


	 


	As of

	December 31,

	2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deposits


	 


	 


	(1


	)


	 


	$


	1,341,623


	 


	 


	$


	746,386


	 




	Prepayment


	 


	 


	(2


	)


	 


	 


	94,442


	 


	 


	 


	1,165


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	$


	1,436,065


	 


	 


	$


	747,551


	 





	 







	(1)




	Deposits represented payments
	for telephone, electricity, water, maintenance fee, rental & utility and parking.





	 







	(2)




	Prepayment represented prepayments
	for maintenance fee, sinking fund and fire assurance.





	 






	 


	F-

	11



	 







	 




	 



	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 










	6.






	PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT,
	NET







	 



	Property and equipment, net consist of the following:


	 




	 


	 


	As of

	March

	31, 2017


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Leasehold building


	 


	$


	71,508


	 


	 


	$


	70,543


	 




	Computer and software


	 


	 


	4,034


	 


	 


	 


	3,979


	 




	Furniture and fixtures


	 


	 


	512


	 


	 


	 


	505


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	76,054


	 


	 


	 


	75,027


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Less: Accumulated depreciation


	 


	 


	(15,753


	)


	 


	 


	(14,963


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Balance at end of period


	 


	$


	60,301


	 


	 


	$


	60,064


	 





	 


	Depreciation expenses was $2,537 and $53,486
	for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.


	 










	7.






	OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS






	 




	 


	 


	As of

	March 31, 2017


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other payables


	 


	 


	3,055,882


	 


	 


	 


	2,440,117


	 




	Accruals


	 


	 


	5,220


	 


	 


	 


	4,454


	 




	 


	 


	$


	3,061,102


	 


	 


	$


	2,444,571


	 





	 








	8.






	INCOME TAX






	 


	The Company and its subsidiary are Malaysia
	incorporated companies and required to pay corporate income tax at 25% of taxable income.


	 


	Income tax expenses for the Company are summarized
	as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	For the three months ended


	 




	 


	 


	March

	31, 2017


	 


	 


	March

	31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Provision for Malaysian income tax


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	717


	 




	Provision for U.S. income tax


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Deferred:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Provision for Malaysian income tax


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Provision for U.S. income tax


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	717


	 





	 



	Malaysia



	 


	Malaysia HWGG recorded a loss before income tax of $173,212 and
	$65,432 for the period ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes with amounts
	determined by applying the Malaysian income tax rate of 25% and 25% for the period ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively,
	to income before income taxes are as follows:


	 






	 


	F-

	12



	 







	 




	 





	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 




	 


	 


	For the three months ended


	 




	 


	 


	March

	31, 2017


	 


	 


	March

	31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Profit (loss) before income tax


	 


	$


	(173,212


	)


	 


	$


	(65,432


	)




	Permanent difference


	 


	 


	173,212


	 


	 


	 


	68,300


	 




	Taxable income


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	(2,868


	)




	Malaysian income tax rate


	 


	 


	24


	%


	 


	 


	24


	%




	Current tax expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	717


	 




	Less: Valuation allowance


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Income tax expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	717


	 





	 



	United States of America




	 



	HWGG is a company incorporated in State of Nevada and recorded a
	loss before income tax of $ and for the period ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. A reconciliation of the provision for
	income taxes with amounts determined by applying the United States Federal income tax rate of 34% for the period ended March 31,
	2017 and 2016, respectively, to income before income taxes are as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	For the period ended


	 




	 


	 


	March

	31, 2017


	 


	 


	March

	31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Profit (loss) before income tax


	 


	$


	(3,906


	)


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Permanent difference


	 


	 


	3,906


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Taxable income


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	USA income tax rate


	 


	 


	34


	%


	 


	 


	34


	%




	Current tax expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Less: Valuation allowance


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Income tax expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 





	 


	No deferred tax has been provided as there are no material temporary
	differences arising during the periods ended March 31, 2017 and 2016.


	 






	 


	F-

	13



	 







	 




	 



	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 










	9.






	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS






	 


	As of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, amounts due from related
	parties were as follows:


	 




	 


	 


	As of

	March

	31, 2017


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Ho Wah Genting Berhad


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	544,096


	 




	Vitaxel SDN BHD


	 


	 


	675,237


	 


	 


	 


	585,619


	 




	Vitaxel Online Mall SDN BHD


	 


	 


	22,604


	 


	 


	 


	22,299


	 




	 


	 


	$


	697,841


	 


	 


	$


	1,152,014


	 





	 



	Our President. Dato Lim Hui Boon,
	is also the Group President and shareholder of


	Ho Wah Genting Berhad. Liew Jenn Lim, one of
	our directors since March 1, 2017, has also been a director of Vitaxel Online Mall Sdn Bhd since January 25, 2016. Lim Chun Hoo,
	our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and director, was a director of Vitaxel Group Limited,
	parent company of its wholly owned subsidiary Vitaxel SDN BHD, until his resignation from that position on March 31, 2017.

	 




	 


	The amounts due from related companies are unsecured, interest-free
	and repayable on demand.


	 


	As of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, amounts due from directors
	were as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	As of

	March

	31, 2017


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Lim Chun Hoo


	 


	$




	 


	 


	$


	23,503


	 





	 


	The amounts due from a director were unsecured, interest-free and
	repayable on demand. 


	 


	As of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, amounts due to related
	parties were as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	As of

	March

	31, 2017


	 


	 


	As of

	December

	31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Dato' Lim Boon Hui


	 


	$


	208,830


	 


	 


	$


	208,830


	 




	Ho Wah Genting Holiday Bhd


	 


	 


	9,182


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Beedo SDN BHD


	 


	 


	53,119


	 


	 


	 


	57,977


	 




	 


	 


	$


	271,131


	 


	 


	$


	266,807


	 





	 


	During the periods ended March 31, 2017 and
	2016, the Company recognized rental income of $ 1,350 and $1,434 respectively from Ho Wah Genting Berhad. The president of the
	Company, Dato’ Lim Hui Boon, is also the Group President of Ho Wah Genting Berhad. In addition, two sons of Dato’ Lim
	Hui Boon are directors of Ho Wah Genting Berhad.


	 


	During the periods ended March 31, 2017 and
	2016, the Company recognized junket commission revenue from Ho Wah Genting Holiday SDN BHD was $54,804 and nill.


	 






	 


	F-

	14



	 







	 




	 



	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 


	From January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016, the
	Company, through its subsidiary Beedo SDN BHD recognized revenue from the provision of information technology services of $9,558
	from Ho Wah Genting Holiday SDN BHD and $29,023 from Vitaxel SDN BHD. Beedo SDN BHD was disposed of by the Company after August
	12, 2016 and stopped earning revenue from the provision of information technology services.


	 








	10.






	EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE






	 


	The Company has adopted ASC Topic No. 260, 

	“Earnings
	Per Share,”

	 (“EPS”) which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement,
	and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of
	the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements, basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing
	net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.


	 


	The following table sets forth the computation
	of basic and diluted earnings per share:


	 






	 


	 


	For the period ended


	 




	 


	 


	March

	31, 2017


	 


	 


	March

	31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss applicable to common shares


	 


	$


	(173,212


	)


	 


	 


	(66,149


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Weighted average common shares outstanding (Basic) / (Diluted)


	 


	 


	1,000,055,532


	 


	 


	 


	200,375,532


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	 

	 

	Loss per share



	 


	$


	0.00


	 


	 


	 


	0.00


	 





	 


	The Company has no potentially dilutive securities,
	such as options or warrants, currently issued and outstanding. 



	 









	11.






	SEGMENT INFORMATION






	 


	The Company’s operating businesses are
	organized based on the business activities from which the Company earns revenues. Our reported segments for the period ended March
	31, 2017 and year ended December 31, 2016 are described as follows:



	 




	Investment property holding



	 


	The Company generates rental income from the
	leasing out of its leasehold building.



	 




	Information technology services




	 



	The Company generates revenue from the provision of information
	technology services. This line of business commenced in the year 2015. This line of business ended on August 12, 2016 when the
	Company completed the disposal of its subsidiary, Beedo.



	 




	Exclusive Travel Membership




	 



	The company generates revenue from management
	fee billing on the member 10% for the deposit that put into the account.


	 



	Junket income




	 



	The company generates revenue from junket commission
	provided by Ho Wah Genting Malaysia Berhad.


	 



	Others



	 


	These comprise of general operating and administrative
	expenses, and other income/expenses not directly attributable to the sources of revenue of the Company for the periods ended March
	31, 2017 and 2016.


	 


	The Company’s reportable segments are
	managed separately based on the fundamental differences in their operations.


	 






	 


	F-

	15



	 







	 




	 



	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 


	Information with
	respect to these reportable business segments for the periods ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	For the three months

	ended


	 




	 


	 


	March

	31, 2017


	 


	 


	March

	31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenues:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investment property holding


	 


	$


	1,350


	 


	 


	$


	1,434


	 




	Information technology services


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	45,176


	 




	ETM and junket operations


	 


	 


	54,804


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Others


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	$


	56,154


	 


	 


	$


	46,610


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cost of revenues:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investment property holding


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Information technology services


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	5,687


	 




	ETM and junket operations


	 


	 


	661


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Others


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	$


	661


	 


	 


	$


	5,687


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Depreciation:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investment property holding


	 


	$


	237


	 


	 


	$


	378


	 




	Information technology services


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	ETM and junket operations


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Others


	 


	 


	2,300


	 


	 


	 


	53,108


	 




	 


	 


	$


	2,537


	 


	 


	$


	53,486


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net income (loss):


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investment property holding


	 


	$


	1,113


	 


	 


	$


	1,056


	 




	Information technology services


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	39,489


	 




	ETM and junket operations


	 


	 


	54,143


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Others


	 


	 


	(228,349


	)


	 


	 


	(106,694


	)




	 


	 


	$


	(173,212


	)


	 


	$


	(66,149


	)




	  




	 


	 


	March 31, 2017


	 




	 


	 


	Investment

	property

	holding


	 


	 


	Information

	technology

	services


	 


	 


	Junket

	operation


	 


	 


	Others


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	Identifiable long-lived assets, net


	 


	$


	56,729


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	3,572


	 


	 


	$


	60,301


	 





	 






	 


	F-

	16



	 







	 




	 





	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(UNAUDITED)



	 




	 


	 


	December 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	Investment

	property

	holding


	 


	 


	Information

	technology

	services


	 


	 


	Junket

	operation


	 


	 


	Others


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	Identifiable long-lived assets, net


	 


	$


	56,317


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	3,747


	 


	 


	$


	60,064


	 





	 


	The Company does not allocate any operating
	and administrative expenses, other income/expenses to its reportable segments because these activities are managed at a corporate
	level. In addition, the specified amounts for income tax expense are not included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed
	by the chief operating decision maker and these specified amounts are not regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker.
	Therefore, the Company has not disclosed income tax expense for each reportable segment.


	 


	Asset information
	by reportable segment is not reported to or reviewed by the chief operating decision maker and, therefore, the Company has not
	disclosed asset information for each reportable segment. The Company’s operations are located in Malaysia. All revenues are
	derived from customers in Malaysia. All of the Company’s operating assets are located in Malaysia. 



	 









	12.






	FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS







	 






	Fair Value of Financial Assets



	 


	The Company’s financial assets measured
	at fair value on a recurring basis subject to disclosure requirements at March 31, 2017and December 31, 2016 were as follows:



	 





	 


	 


	Balance at

	March 31,

	2017

	(Unaudited)


	 


	 


	Quoted Prices

	in Active

	Markets for

	Identical

	Assets

	(Level 1)

	(Unaudited)


	 


	 


	Significant

	Other

	Observable

	Inputs

	(Level 2)

	(Unaudited)


	 


	 


	Significant

	Unobserved

	Inputs

	(Level 3)

	(Unaudited)


	 




	Short-term investments:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Quoted shares in Malaysia


	 


	$


	12,833


	 


	 


	$


	12,833


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Total short-term investments


	 


	 


	12,833


	 


	 


	 


	12,833


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total financial assets measured at fair value


	 


	$


	12,833


	 


	 


	$


	12,833


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Quoted Prices


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	in Active


	 


	 


	Significant


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Markets for


	 


	 


	Other


	 


	 


	Significant


	 




	 


	 


	Balance at


	 


	 


	Identical


	 


	 


	Observable


	 


	 


	Unobserved


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	Assets


	 


	 


	Inputs


	 


	 


	Inputs


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	(Level 1)


	 


	 


	(Level 2)


	 


	 


	(Level 3)


	 




	Short-term investments:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Quoted shares in Malaysia


	 


	$


	12,660


	 


	 


	$


	12,660


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Total short-term investments


	 


	 


	12,660


	 


	 


	 


	12,660


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total financial assets measured at fair value


	 


	$


	12,660


	 


	 


	$


	12,660


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 






	 









	13.






	SUBSEQUENT EVENTS






	 


	In accordance with ASC 855-10, Company management
	reviewed all material events through the date of this report and determined that there are no additional material subsequent events
	to report.


	 






	 


	F-

	17



	 









	 





	 








	ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND
	ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS



	 



	The following management’s discussion
	and analysis should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and the related notes thereto contained in
	this Report. The management’s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, such as statements of our plans,
	objectives, expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements.
	When used, the words “believe,” “plan,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “target,”
	“estimate,” “expect” and the like, and/or future tense or conditional constructions (“will,”
	“may,” “could,” “should,” etc.), or similar expressions, identify certain of these forward-looking
	statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to
	differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.




	 




	All references to “we,” “us,”
	“our” and the “Company” are references to Ho Wah Genting Group Limited, a Nevada corporation (formerly
	Computron, Inc.), The Company’s actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in
	these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking
	statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report.



	 


	As a result of the share exchange consummated
	on November 4, 2016 (the “Share Exchange”) with Ho Wah Genting Group Sdn. Bhd, a Malaysian private company limited
	by shares formed in September 2, 1985 (“HWGG”), and the shareholders of HWGG, and the change in business and operations
	of the Company, from engaging in the business of computer support services to the business of (1) promoting travel and entertainment
	through the e-commerce business model by offering a unique membership program that offers its members exclusive travel discounts
	and rebates, (2) providing junket operator services and (3) developing and investing in real property, a discussion of the past
	financial results of the Company prior to the Share Exchange is not pertinent, and under generally accepted accounting principles
	in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”) the historical financial results of HWGG, the accounting acquirer, prior to the
	Share Exchange are considered the historical financial results of the Company after the Share Exchange. 


	 


	The following discussion highlights the Company’s
	results of operations and the principal factors that have affected its financial condition as well as its liquidity and capital
	resources for the periods described, and provides information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding
	of the financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following discussion and analysis is based on the Company’s
	reviewed financial statements contained in this Report, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. You should read
	the discussion and analysis together with such financial statements and the related notes thereto.



	 




	Basis of Presentation



	 


	The reviewed consolidated financial statements
	for the period ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 include a summary of our significant accounting policies and should be read in conjunction
	with the discussion below. In the opinion of management, all material adjustments necessary to present fairly the consolidated
	results of operations for such periods have been included in these audited consolidated financial statements. All such adjustments
	are of a normal recurring nature.


	 




	Overview; Recent Events




	 


	We are an investment holding company currently engaged in promoting
	entertainment membership, junket operating and marketing of real estate property through our wholly owned subsidiary HWGG.


	 




	Results of Operations




	 


	The following discussion should be read in
	conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of HWGG for the periods ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 and the related notes
	thereto.


	 






	 



	2



	 







	 






	 






	Results of Operations for the Three Months
	Ended Mach 31, 2017 and 2016.




	 



	Revenue



	 


	We have recognized revenue of $56,154 and $46,610
	for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, with an increase of 9,544$, or approximately 21%. The increase
	for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was due to

	 

	increase in exclusive travel membership business and the new income
	derive from billing on member for management fee.



	 




	Cost of Sales



	 


	Cost of sales for the three months ended March
	31, 2017 was $661, compared to $5,687 for the three months ended March 31, 2016, a decrease of $5,026. The decrease for the year
	ended March 31, 2017 was due to cost of sales relating to the information technology entity Beedo that had been disposed no longer
	incurred.



	 




	Gross Profit



	 


	Gross profit was 55,493$ for the three months
	ended March 31, 2017, compared to gross profit of 40,923$ for the three months ended March 31, 2016, an increase of 14,570$, or
	36%. The increase was attributable to the increase in revenue due to our expansion and development of our businesses.



	 




	Operating Expenses



	 


	For the three months ended March 31, 2017,
	we incurred total operating expenses in the amount of $210,375. For the three months ended March 31, 2016, we incurred total operating
	expenses in the amount of $106,358. Operating expenses increased by $104,017, or 98%, which was mainly due to the increase in discount
	rewards by $54,657, commission payables by $25,410 and employee salaries by $13,678, due to the increase in our customer base.


	 




	Liquidity and Capital Resources




	 


	As of March 31, 2017, we had a cash balance
	of $540,320. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, net cash provided by operating activities totaled $179,006. Net cash
	used in investing activities totaled $173. Net cash used in financing activities during the period totaled nill. The resulting
	change in cash for the period was an increase of $173,305, which was primarily due to cash in from other payables and accrued expenses.


	 


	As of March 31, 2016, we had a cash balance
	of $150,570. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, net cash used in operating activities totaled $426,816. Net cash used
	in investing activities totaled $89,790. Net cash provided by financing activities during the period totaled $160,987. The resulting
	change in cash for the period was an increase of $321,337, which was primarily due to cash out to amount due from related parties.


	 


	As of March 31, 2017, we had current liabilities
	of $3,332,233, which was comprised of other payables and accruals of $3,061,102, and amount due to related party of $271,131.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we had current liabilities
	of $2,711,378, which was comprised of other payables and accrual of $2,444,571 and amounts due to related party of $266,807.


	 


	We had net assets of $528,476 and $352,571
	as of March 31, 2017, December 31, 2016, respectively.


	 



	Going Concern Consideration




	 



	These consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
	that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the discharge of liabilities
	in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future.



	 







	 



	3



	 







	 




	 


	For the period ended March 31, 2017, the Company reported a net
	loss of $154,459 and working capital deficit of $528,476. The Company had an accumulated deficit of $ 224,154 as of March 31, 2017.


	 


	Continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon
	improving the profitability and the continuing financial support from its stockholders or other capital sources. Management believes
	that the continuing financial support from the existing shareholders or external debt financing will provide the additional cash
	to meet the Company’s obligations as they become due.



	 



	These consolidation financial statements do
	not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts
	and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

	 




	 




	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements



	 


	We have no “off-balance sheet arrangements”
	(as the term is defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K) including arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital
	resources, market risk support and credit risk support or other benefits.



	 




	Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates




	 




	Use of Estimates and Assumptions



	 


	The preparation of consolidated financial statements
	in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
	reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
	and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



	 




	Fair Value Measurements



	 


	The Company applies the provisions of ASC Subtopic
	820-10, “Fair Value Measurements”, for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities and for
	fair value measurements of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements. ASC 820
	also establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.


	 


	Fair value is defined as the price that would
	be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
	date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value,
	the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market
	participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.


	 


	ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
	that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair
	value. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority
	to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority
	to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy
	are as follows:


	 




	 



	•




	Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.





	 




	 



	•




	Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.





	 




	 



	•




	Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.





	 






	 



	4



	 







	 




	 




	As of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016,
	short term investments classified as held-for-trading were required to be reported at fair value on a recurring basis subject to
	the disclosure requirements of ASC 820.



	  




	Recent Accounting Pronouncements



	 




	Revenue Recognition:    


	In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The amendments in ASU
	2015-14 defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit
	entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after
	December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of
	annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. 


	 




	Financial instrument


	: In January
	2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, “Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
	Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities” (“ASU 2016-01”). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition,
	measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
	within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. Accordingly, the standard is effective
	for us on January 1, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.


	 




	Leases


	: In February 2016,
	the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (“ASU 2016-2”), which provides guidance on lease amendments to
	the FASB Accounting Standard Codification. This ASU will be effective for us beginning in January 1, 2019. We are currently in
	the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-2 on our consolidated financial statements. 


	 




	Financial Instruments - Credit Losses:


	In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): The amendments in this Update
	require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected
	to be collected. The amendments broaden the information that an entity must consider in developing its expected credit loss estimate
	for assets measured either collectively or individually. The use of forecasted information incorporates more timely information
	in the estimate of expected credit loss, which will be more decision useful to users of the financial statements. ASU 2016-13 is
	effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
	Early adoption is allowed as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
	years. The Company is still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company’s consolidated financial statements
	and related disclosures.


	 


	The Financial Accounting Standards Board and other entities
	issued new or modifications to, or interpretations of, existing accounting guidance during 2017. Management has carefully considered
	the new pronouncements that altered generally accepted accounting principles and does not believe that any other new or modified
	principles will have a material impact on the Company’s reported financial position or operations in the near term.



	   







	ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
	DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK




	 



	We are a smaller reporting company as defined
	by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this item.




	    






	 



	5



	 








	 




	 







	ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES




	 





	Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
	Procedures





	 



	We maintain controls and procedures that are
	designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and
	forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management including our principal executive and principal
	financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based upon their evaluation
	of those controls and procedures performed as of the end of the period covered by this report, our principal executive and
	principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring that: (i) information
	required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
	and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information required to be disclosed
	in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
	and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for accurate and timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


	 


	As required by Rule 13a-15(e), our management
	has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of Lim Chun Hoo, our Chief Executive Officer and
	Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of March
	31, 2017. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, Lim Chun Hoo determined that our disclosure controls and procedures
	were not effective and reflected the following material weaknesses:


	 






	a)


	We did not maintain sufficient personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge,
	experience, and training in the application of GAAP commensurate with our complexity and our financial accounting and reporting
	requirements. We have limited experience in the areas of financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Also, we do
	not have an independent audit committee. As a result, there is a lack of monitoring of the financial reporting process and there
	is a reasonable possibility that material misstatements of the financial statements, including disclosures, will not be prevented
	or detected on a timely basis; and




	 







	b)




	Due to our small size,
	we do not have a proper segregation of duties in certain areas of our financial reporting process. The areas where we have a lack
	of segregation of duties include cash receipts and disbursements, approval of purchases and approval of accounts payable invoices
	for payment. This control deficiency, which is pervasive in nature, results in a reasonable possibility that material misstatements
	of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.







	 






	Changes in Internal Control over Financial
	Reporting




	 


	During the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2017,
	there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
	materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.




	  







	PART II – OTHER INFORMATION



	 







	ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS



	 


	From time to time, we may become involved in
	various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent
	uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business. We are currently
	not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse affect on
	our business, financial condition or operating results.



	 







	ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS



	 


	There have been no material changes to the
	risk factors that we previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, that we
	filed with the Securities and Exchange commission on April 17, 2017.



	 







	ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
	AND USE OF PROCEEDS



	 


	None.



	 







	ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES



	 


	None.


	 






	 



	6



	 








	 





	 








	ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES



	 


	Not applicable to our operations.



	 







	ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION



	 


	None.



	 







	ITEM 6. EXHIBITS



	 








	Exhibit





	No.




	 




	Exhibit Description







	31.1



	 




	Certification of the Chief Executive and Financial Officer required under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act






	 


	 


	 





	32.1



	 




	Certification of the Chief Executive and Financial Officer required under Section 1350 of the Exchange Act






	 


	 


	 





	101.INS



	 



	XBRL Instance Document





	 


	 


	 





	101.SCH



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Schema





	 


	 


	 





	101.CAL



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase





	 


	 


	 





	101.DEF



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase





	 


	 


	 





	101.LAB



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase





	 


	 


	 





	101.PRE



	 



	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase






	 






	 



	7



	 









	 





	 








	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 




	HO WAH GENTING GROUP LIMITED






	 


	 





	Date May 22, 2017




	By: /s/ Lim Chun Hoo





	 



	Lim Chun Hoo





	 



	Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer





	 






	 



	8



	 








	 














	 




	Exhibit 31.1




	 






	CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
	AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER




	PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(A) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
	ACT OF 2002



	 


	I, Lim Chun Hoo, certify that:


	 







	1.




	I have reviewed this
	annual report on Form 10-Q of Ho Wah Genting Group Limited;





	 







	2.




	Based on my knowledge,
	this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
	made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
	this report;





	 







	3.




	Based on my knowledge,
	the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
	financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;





	 







	4.




	The registrant’s
	other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
	in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
	13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:





	 







	a.




	Designed such disclosure
	controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
	material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
	those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





	 







	b.




	Designed such internal
	control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
	to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
	external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





	 







	c.




	Evaluated the effectiveness
	of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
	of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





	 







	d.




	Disclosed in this report
	any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most
	recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
	or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and





	 







	5.




	The registrant’s
	other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
	to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing
	the equivalent functions):





	 







	a.




	All significant deficiencies
	and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
	adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and





	 







	b.




	Any fraud, whether or
	not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control
	over financial reporting.





	 





	Date: May 22, 2017




	By:




	/s/ Lim Chun Hoo





	 



	Name:




	Lim Chun Hoo





	 



	Title:




	Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer





	 


	 



	(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)






	 




	 





	 














	 




	Exhibit 32.1



	 



	STATEMENT FURNISHED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
	ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350




	 



	In connection with the Quarterly Report on
	Form 10-Q of Ho Wah Genting Group Limited (the “Company”) for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 (the “Report”),
	I, Lim Chun Hoo, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, certify as follows:


	 







	A)




	the Report fully complies
	with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C.
	78m or 78o(d)), and





	 







	B)




	the information contained
	in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of
	the dates and for the periods covered by the Report.





	 


	A signed original of this written statement
	required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
	Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


	 





	Date: May 22, 2017




	By:




	/s/ Lim Chun Hoo





	 



	Name:




	Lim Chun Hoo





	 



	Title:




	Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer





	 


	 



	(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)





	 




	 




	 




















Stock Comparison: Compare Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd (HWGG) to Other Stocks.


































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    HWGG > 
    Stock Comparison












Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd Stock Comparison 


HWGG 
0.500000
*  
unch

unch
Get HWGG Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 28, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading HWGG now
				        




 
 
Community Rating:  



















HWGG





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks













    This company is compared to stocks in the same industry. It is sorted by largest to the smallest market value. 
    Feel free to change the stock symbol and select the compare button.




















Symbol
Invalid
Invalid
Invalid
Invalid
Invalid










CompanyHWGGHo Wah Genting Group Ltd

Market Value0









Price Information

Current Last Sale (CLS)$0.5

Net Change / % from closeunch

 Target Price (TP) / CLS' % of TPN/A

This row includes the target price and the Current Last Sale's (CLS') percent of the Target Price (TP). The target price is defined as the analyst estimated 1 year target price.  The CLS' percent of TP calculation is (Current Price / Target Price)*100

 52 Week High  / % Change 

This row includes the 52 Week High and the % change of the 52 Week High from the current last sale.  The 52 Week High is defined as the highest end of day value for the past year.  The color coding assigns a value of 'Very Positive' to 'Very Negative'.The Color Key, below, indicates the assigned values and a possible explanation for the rating.  However, it is important to note that each value should be looked at in combination with other factors.  The Stock Comparison page should serve as one among many informational tools for comparing stocks and should not be the only basis for a buy or sell decision.  ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED. Please visit our disclaimer page for our full disclaimer.Color Key: Very Positive: 0 to 5% (This means that the stock is trading at or near it's 52 week high, this might indicate the possibility that there is room for future stock price increases) Positive: 4.9% to 10%(This means that the stock is trading near it's 52 week high, this might indicate the possibility that there is room for future stock price increases) Neutral: 10 to 15% (This means the stock is trading at a level that doesn't provide any clear signal for price movement.) Negative: 16% to 30% (This indicates that the % decrease is at a level that may indicate a stock that lacks support for a higher stock price). More Negative: 31 to 60% (This indicates that the % decrease is at a level that may indicate a stock that lacks support for a higher stock price). Very Negative: 61% and below (This indicates that the % decrease is at a level that may indicate a stock that lacks support for a higher stock price).

 52 Week Low  / % Change 

This row includes the 52 Week Low and the % change of the 52 Week Low from the current last sale.  The 52 Week Low is defined as the lowest end of day value for the past year.  The color coding assigns a value of 'Very Positive' to 'Very Negative'. The Color Key, below, indicates the assigned values and a possible explanation for the rating.  However, it is important to note that each value should be looked at in combination with other factors.  The Stock Comparison page should serve as one among many informational tools for comparing stocks and should not be the only basis for a buy or sell decision.  ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED. Please visit our disclaimer page for our full disclaimer.  Color Key:  Very Positive: 15% and above (This means it might be trading at a discount, or analysts feel that there is growth in the stock price) Positive: 2% to 14.9% (This means it might be trading at a discount, or analysts feel that there is growth in the stock price) Neutral: 0 to 1.9%(This means it is trading at or near the target price) Negative: (-1%) to   (-14.9%) (This means the stock is trading above the target price, and it might be trading at a premium) More Negative: (-15%) to   (-30%) (This means the stock is trading above the target price, and it might be trading at a premium) Very Negative: (-31%) and below (This means the stock is trading above the target price, and it might be trading at a premium)








Trade Information

Beta0

This row includes the Beta. The Beta is defined as a measure of the volatility of a stock relative to the overall market. A beta of less than one indicates lower risk than the market.  A beta of more than one indicates higher risk than the market. NASDAQ.com uses the S & P 500 as the underlying index to measure the overall market for beta.  The color coding assigns a value of Very Positive to Very Negative. The Color Key, below, indicates the assigned values and a possible explanation for the rating. However, it is important to note that each value should be looked at in combination with other factors. The Stock Comparison page should serve as one among many informational tools for comparing stocks and should not be the only basis for a buy or sell decision. ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED. Please visit our disclaimer page for our full disclaimer.Color Key: Very Positive: .04 and below (Indicates a much lower risk than the market) Positive: .99 to .05 (Indicates a lower risk than the market) Neutral: 1 to 1.19 (Indicates risk aligned with the market) Negative: 1.2 -1.69 (Indicates a higher risk than the market) More Negative: 1.7 - 1.99 (Indicates a much higher risk than the market) Very Negative: 2.0 and above (Indicates a much greater risk than the market)

Volume0

Avg Daily VolumeN/A

Short InterestN/A

% of shares outstandingNaN%

Days to coverN/A

This row includes the Days to Cover.  The Days to Cover is calculated as the aggregate short interest for the month divided by the average daily share volume traded for the period between short interest settlement dates.  Days to cover is also referred to as 'Short-Interest Ratio'.   The term 'days to cover' was coined to indicate how many days it will take short sellers to cover their positions if the price of a stock rises. Some investors see a high short interest as an opportunity; this is referred to as 'Short Squeeze'.  Visit Investopedia for more information about 'Short Squeeze'.  The color coding assigns a value of 'Very Positive' to 'Very Negative'. The Color Key, below, indicates the assigned values and a possible explanation for the rating.  In this instance the rating is assuming that the person is the 'short seller'.  However, it is important to note that each value should be looked at in combination with other factors.  The Stock Comparison page should serve as one among many informational tools for comparing stocks and should not be the only basis for a buy or sell decision.  ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED. Please visit our disclaimer page for our full disclaimer.Please note: The SEC has issued technical ammendments to the Emergency Short Sale order that provided listing exchanges with guidance regarding which securities are covered by the Order. NASDAQ has posted a list of inculded financial firms for our market as well as a consolidated list for all exchanges. NASDAQ continue to post updated lists on this page daily until the expiration of the emergency order.  Visit NASDAQTrader.com for additional details.Color Key: Very Positive: 1 and lower (This indicates that the stock would take less than a day for short sellers to cover their positions.  Positive: 1.1 - 1.5 (This indicates that the stock would take slightly longer than a day for short sellers to cover their positions. Neutral: 1.6- 2 (This indicates that the stock would take up to two days for short sellers to cover their positions. Negative: 2.1 - 3 (This indicates that the stock would take more than a two days for short sellers to cover their positions. More Negative: 3-8 (This indicates that the stock would longer for short sellers to cover their positions. Very Negative: 9 and above (This indicates that the stock would take much longer for short sellers to cover their positions.








Earnings

EPSN/A

P/EN/A

This row includes the P/E.  The P/E is defined as the stock analysis statistic in which the current price of a stock (today's current last sale price) is divided by the reported actual (or sometimes projected, which would be forecast) earnings per share of the issuing firm; it is also called the 'multiple'.  Visit Investopedia.com to read about P/E Ratio: Using The P/E Ratio. The color coding assigns a value of 'Very Positive' to 'Very Negative'. The Color Key, below, indicates the assigned values and a possible explanation for the rating.  A low P/E might indicate a number of negative factors, including, but not limited to projected lower earnings.  However, it is important to note that each value should be looked at in combination with other factors.  The Stock Comparison page should serve as one among many informational tools for comparing stocks and should not be the only basis for a buy or sell decision.  ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED. Please visit our disclaimer page for our full disclaimer.Color Key: Very Positive: 1-7 Positive: 8-14 Neutral: 15-25 According to Investopedia; 'Historically, the average P/E ratio in the market has been around 15-25' Negative: 26-35 More Negative: 36-45 Very Negative: 46 and above

PEGN/A

This row includes the PEG Ratio. The PEG Ratio is defined as the forecasted earnings for the next 12 months divided by the forecasted growth rate for the company, based upon a consensus of participating analysts. According to Investopedia.com, 'PEG is a widely used indicator of a stock's potential value. It is favored by many over the price/earnings ratio because it also accounts for growth. Similar to the P/E ratio, a lower PEG means that the stock is more undervalued'. The color coding assigns a value of 'Very Positive' to 'Very Negative'. The Color Key, below, indicates the assigned values and a possible explanation for the rating.  However, it is important to note that each value should be looked at in combination with other factors.  The Stock Comparison page should serve as one among many informational tools for comparing stocks and should not be the only basis for a buy or sell decision.  ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED. Please visit our disclaimer page for our full disclaimer.Color Key: Very Positive: .04 and below Positive: .09 to .05 Neutral: 1 to 1.5 Negative: 1.6 -2 More Negative: 2.1 - 2.9 Very Negative: 3.0 and above








Dividend Information

Annualized DividendN/A

Dividend YieldN/A

Dividend Yield. According to Investopedia.com, it is a financial ratio that shows how much a company pays out in dividends each year relative to its share price. Adding, the higher the dividend yield the more likely an investor would select that stock. The color coding assigns a value of 'Very Positive' to 'Very Negative'. The Color Key, below, indicates the assigned values and a possible explanation for the rating.  However, it is important to note that each value should be looked at in combination with other factors.  The Stock Comparison page should serve as one among many informational tools for comparing stocks and should not be the only basis for a buy or sell decision.  ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED. Please visit our disclaimer page for our full disclaimer.Color Key: Very Positive: 6% and above Positive: 1.3-5% Neutral: 1 to 1.2% Negative: N/A More Negative: N/A Very Negative: N/A








Analyst Information

Mean RecommendationN/A

Consensus Rating: The average of analysts recommendations for a single entity. As many brokers have different ratings systems, their recommendations must be standardized so that a consensus can be calculated. The Thomson Financial I/B/E/S ratings are calculated using a standard set of recommendations, maintained by Thomson Financial I/B/E/S, each with an assigned numeric value:1 = Strong Buy2 = Buy3 = Hold4 = Underperform5 = SellMean Recommendation Each recommendation received from the analysts is mapped to one of the Thomson Financial I/B/E/S standard ratings. Assigning a numeric value to the broker text enables Thomson Financial I/B/E/S to calculate a consensus recommendation. This consensus recommendation appears as the mean (average) of the assigned values.  The color coding assigns a value of Very Positive to Very Negative. The Color Key, below, indicates the assigned values and a possible explanation for the rating. However, it is important to note that each value should be looked at in combination with other factors. The Stock Comparison page should serve as one among many informational tools for comparing stocks and should not be the only basis for a buy or sell decision. ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED.  Please visit our disclaimer page for our full disclaimer.Color Key: Very Positive Positive Neutral Negative Very Negative

Forecast Earnings GrowthN/A

Industry Forecast Earnings GrowthN/A

Growth rate relative to industryN/A








Guru Analysis

P/E/Growth Investor Peter LynchN/A

Growth Values Investor James O'ShaughnesseyN/A





















CLOSEX


Symbol Lookup






























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































HWGG Stock Price - Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








07/28

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



07/28

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



07/28

A Wild Week in Washington 



07/28

Updated
The dark side of cruises



07/28

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



07/28

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



07/28

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



07/28

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



07/28

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



07/28

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


HWGG


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



HWGG
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.

Watchlist 
CreateHWGGAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 17, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.50



0.0345
7.41%






Previous Close




$0.4655





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




132.7% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    500
                


                65 Day Avg. - 376.9
            





Open: 0.00
Close: 0.50



0.0000
Day Low/High
0.0000





Day Range



0.3000
52 Week Low/High
0.5500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.00



Day Range
0.0000 - 0.0000



52 Week Range
0.3000 - 0.5500



Market Cap
$425.02M



Shares Outstanding
1B



Public Float
200.38M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$13.83K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$0.00



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
376.92




 


Performance




5 Day


-1.96%







1 Month


-1.96%







3 Month


-7.41%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD
10-Q: HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD

May. 22, 2017 at 2:03 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD


Apr. 17, 2017 at 5:25 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: COMPUTRON, INC.


Aug. 11, 2016 at 9:33 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q/A: COMPUTRON, INC.


Aug. 9, 2016 at 10:33 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)







No Headlines Available








Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.


            
            Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.  engages in travel agency and information technology services, junket operating services, and developing and investing in real estate property. The firm promotes travel and entertainment through an online business model by offering a membership program to individuals who seek travel planning, entertainment, exclusive discounts and awards, junket operating services, and property investment and development. It operates through the following segments: Investment Property Holding, Information Technology Services, and Others. The Investment Property Holding segment generates rental income from the leasing out of its leasehold building. The Information Technology Services segment provides of information technology services. The Other segment comprises of general operating and administrative expenses, and other income/expenses not directly attributable to the sources of revenue of the company. The company was founded by David Breier on August 22, 2014 and is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




RCM Technologies Inc.
1.34%
$62.33M


Indra Sistemas S.A. ADR
0.90%
$2.71B


Interphase Corp.
-5.80%
$59.6K


Pivot Technology Solutions Inc.
-2.82%
$114.43M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








S

0.24%








SSTI

-0.08%








MO

-9.49%








CHTR

0.92%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












HWGG Stock Price - Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








07/28

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



07/28

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



07/28

A Wild Week in Washington 



07/28

Updated
The dark side of cruises



07/28

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



07/28

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



07/28

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



07/28

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings



07/28

Updated
Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 



07/28

Updated
This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


HWGG


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



HWGG
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.

Watchlist 
CreateHWGGAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 17, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.50



0.0345
7.41%






Previous Close




$0.4655





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




132.7% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    500
                


                65 Day Avg. - 376.9
            





Open: 0.00
Close: 0.50



0.0000
Day Low/High
0.0000





Day Range



0.3000
52 Week Low/High
0.5500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.00



Day Range
0.0000 - 0.0000



52 Week Range
0.3000 - 0.5500



Market Cap
$425.02M



Shares Outstanding
1B



Public Float
200.38M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$13.83K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$0.00



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
376.92




 


Performance




5 Day


-1.96%







1 Month


-1.96%







3 Month


-7.41%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD
10-Q: HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD

May. 22, 2017 at 2:03 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD


Apr. 17, 2017 at 5:25 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: COMPUTRON, INC.


Aug. 11, 2016 at 9:33 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q/A: COMPUTRON, INC.


Aug. 9, 2016 at 10:33 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)







No Headlines Available








Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.


            
            Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.  engages in travel agency and information technology services, junket operating services, and developing and investing in real estate property. The firm promotes travel and entertainment through an online business model by offering a membership program to individuals who seek travel planning, entertainment, exclusive discounts and awards, junket operating services, and property investment and development. It operates through the following segments: Investment Property Holding, Information Technology Services, and Others. The Investment Property Holding segment generates rental income from the leasing out of its leasehold building. The Information Technology Services segment provides of information technology services. The Other segment comprises of general operating and administrative expenses, and other income/expenses not directly attributable to the sources of revenue of the company. The company was founded by David Breier on August 22, 2014 and is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




RCM Technologies Inc.
1.34%
$62.33M


Indra Sistemas S.A. ADR
0.90%
$2.71B


Interphase Corp.
-5.80%
$59.6K


Pivot Technology Solutions Inc.
-2.82%
$114.43M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.00%








S

0.24%








SSTI

-0.08%








MO

-9.49%








CHTR

0.92%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.





















Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd (HWGG) Ownership Summary - NASDAQ.com














































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > 
    Quotes > 
	HWGG >
	Ownership & Insider Trades











Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd Ownership Summary 


HWGG 
0.500000
*  
unch

unch
Get HWGG Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 28, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading HWGG now
				        




 
 
Community Rating:  



















HWGG





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks






















            Institutional Ownership
            View HWGG Ownership


Institutional Summary as reported in the most recent 13F filings





Institutional Holdings






Total Number of Holders



Total Shares Held



Total Value of Holdings



Net Activity







Top 5 Holders of Institutional Holdings

No Institutional Holding for this security




1.




2.




3.




4.




5.








HWGG Ownership Overview


            Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd (HWGG) Ownership Summary provides a snapshot of institutional holdings and activity for a particular stock. 
            The institutional holdings summary data encompasses the holdings and change from most recent 13F filings. 
            The insider filer data counts the number of monthly positions over 3 month and 12 month time spans. 
            Summary data is calculated daily, using the most up to date information available.
		


  Learn more about the Ownership Summary Page
		



            Insider Trades
            View HWGG Insider Trades


Insider Trades Summary as filed in the Forms 3 and 4 filings







3 Mo.
12 Mo.


Number of Buys




Number of Sells




Total Insider Trades




Net Activity








Top 5 Insider Trades



No Insider for this security

































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































    HWGG Key Statistics - Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.

                  OTC: HWGG
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 17, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


HWGG

/quotes/zigman/80028624/delayed


$
0.50




Change

+0.03
+7.41%

Volume
Volume 500
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/80028624/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.47
		


$
				0.50
			
Change

+0.03
+7.41%





Day low
Day high
$0.50
$0.50










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.30
        

            $0.55
        

















			Company Description 


			Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.  engages in travel agency and information technology services, junket operating services, and developing and investing in real estate property. The firm promotes travel and entertainment through an online business model by offering a membership program to individuals who se...
		


                Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.  engages in travel agency and information technology services, junket operating services, and developing and investing in real estate property. The firm promotes travel and entertainment through an online business model by offering a membership program to individuals who seek travel planning, entertainment, exclusive discounts and awards, junket operating services, and property investment and development. It operates through the following segments: Investment Property Holding, Information Technology Services, and Others. The Investment Property Holding segment generates rental income from the leasing out of its leasehold building. The Information Technology Services segment provides of information technology services. The Other segment comprises of general operating and administrative expenses, and other income/expenses not directly attributable to the sources of revenue of the company. The company was founded by David Breier on August 22, 2014 and is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-438.14


Price to Sales Ratio
2,574.47


Enterprise Value to Sales
2,570.59

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
13,832.00


Income Per Employee
-115,148.00


Receivables Turnover
0.16


Total Asset Turnover
0.08

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.85


Quick Ratio
0.85


Cash Ratio
0.14



Profitability

Gross Margin
79.28


Operating Margin
-628.92


Pretax Margin
-844.09


Net Margin
-832.49


Return on Assets
-67.62

Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Chun Hoo  Lim 
27
2016
Chairman, CEO, COO & CFO



Mr. Hui Boon  Lim 
65
2016
President



Mr. Lip Bin  Mok 
-
2017
Director



Mr. Jenn Lim  Liew 
-
2017
Director



Mr. Kooi Tatt  Ong 
42
2016
Secretary & Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/hwgg

      MarketWatch News on HWGG
    
No News currently available for HWGG





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/hwgg

      Other News on HWGG
    




 10-Q: HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD
2:03 p.m. May 22, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD
5:25 p.m. April 17, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: COMPUTRON, INC.
9:33 a.m. Aug. 11, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q/A: COMPUTRON, INC.
10:32 a.m. Aug. 9, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd.
Wisma Ho Wah Genting
No. 35, Jalan Maharajalela

Kuala Lumpur, Selangor 50150




Phone
 6060321416422


Industry
Computer Services


Sector
Business/Consumer Services


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$96,822


Net Income
$-806,034


2016 Sales Growth 
410.9%


Employees

        7.00


Annual Report for HWGG











/news/pressrelease/company/us/hwgg

      Press Releases on HWGG
    
No News currently available for HWGG







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:10 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



































































Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd Company Financial Information




































July Edition Of Canna InvestorsHub Magazine Now Available


Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed
























QuoteChartLevel 2TradesNewsFinancialsHistoricalMessage BoardHo Wah Genting Group (QB) (USOTC)
   
Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd
Visual Financials

 Company Name: Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd

Ticker Symbol: HWGGCIK Number: 0001622867WWW Address: 
CEO: No. of Employees: 0
Common Issue Type: Business Description: Industry Information:  -  [more like this]
   Price  Day Change  Bid  Ask  Open  High  Low  Volume  0.5  0.0 0.35 0.5  0.50 0.50 -
 Market Cap (mil) Shares Outstanding (mil) Beta EPS DPS P/E Yield 52-Wks-Range
 500.0 1,000.1 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.0 0.0 0.55 - 0.30

 KEY FIGURES (Latest Twelve Months - LTM)Yesterday's Close0.50$PE Ratio - LTM0.0
Market Capitalisation500.0mil
Latest Shares Outstanding1,000.1mil
Earnings pS (EPS)0.00$
Dividend pS (DPS)0.00¢
Dividend Yield0.0%
Dividend Payout Ratio%
Revenue per Employee13,832$
Effective Tax Rate0.0%
Float200.4mil
Float as % of Shares Outstanding0.2%
Foreign Salesmil
Domestic Salesmil
Selling, General & Adm/tive (SG&A) as % of Revenue7.10%
Research & Devlopment (R&D) as % of Revenue0.00%
Gross Profit Margin79.3%
EBITDA Margin-623.3%
Pre-Tax Profit Margin0.0%
Assets Turnover5.1%
Return on Assets (ROA)-42.3%
Return on Equity (ROE)-3394.1%
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI)-3394.1%
Current Ratio0.8
Leverage Ratio (Assets/Equity)
Interest Cover
Total Debt/Equity (Gearing Ratio)
LT Debt/Total Capital0.0%
Working Capital pS0.00$
Cash pS0.00$
Book-Value pS0.00$
Tangible Book-Value pS0.00$
Cash Flow pS0.00$
Free Cash Flow pS0.00$

KEY FIGURES (LTM): Price info
Price/Book Ratio
Price/Tangible Book Ratio0.00
Price/Cash Flow
Price/Free Cash Flow
P/E as % of Industry Group0.0%
P/E as % of Sector Segment0.0%

 				  Balance Sheet (at a glance) in Millions
     DIVIDEND INFOType of Payment-
Dividend Rate0.00
Current Dividend Yield0.0
5-Y Average Dividend Yield
Payout Ratio0.0
5-Y Average Payout Ratio0.0






 Share price performance previous 3 years
   Share price performance intraday
                    PRICE/VOLUMEHighLowClose% Price Chg% Price Chg vs. Mkt.Avg. Daily VolTotal Vol
1 Week---0.0900
4 Weeks0.500.470.477.451,2502,500
13 Weeks0.530.470.53-5.7-995220,000
26 Weeks0.550.400.4025.0171,902131,260
52 Weeks0.550.300.3161.3481,825133,260
YTD0.550.30-61.3521,825133,260
Moving Average5-Days10-Days10-Weeks30-Weeks200-DaysBeta (60-Mnth)Beta (36-Mnth)
0.500.510.510.510.510.000.00

                GROWTH RATES5-YearGrowhR² of 5-Year Growth3-YearGrowth
Revenue1.3
Income0.0
Dividend0.0
Capital SpendingNA
R&DNA
Normalized Inc.NA

 CHANGESYTD vs. Last YTDCurr Qtr vs. Qtr 1-Yr agoAnnual vs. Last Annual
Revenue %
Earnings %
EPS %
EPS $

                SOLVENCY RATIOSSHORT-TERM SOLVENCY RATIOS (LIQUIDITY)
Net Working Capital Ratio-17.49
Current Ratio0.8
Quick Ratio (Acid Test)0.6
Liquidity Ratio (Cash)0.27
Receivables Turnover0.1
Average Collection Period3,600
Working Capital/Equity0.0
Working Capital pS0.00
Cash-Flow pS0.00
Free Cash-Flow pS0.00
FINANCIAL STRUCTURE RATIOS
Altman's Z-Score Ratio109.12
Financial Leverage Ratio (Assets/Equity)0.0
Debt Ratio0.0
Total Debt/Equity (Gearing Ratio)0.00
LT Debt/Equity0.00
LT Debt/Capital Invested0.0
LT Debt/Total Liabilities0.0
Interest Cover0.0
Interest/Capital Invested0.00

 VALUATION RATIOSMULTIPLES
PQ Ratio0.00
Tobin's Q Ratio211.98
Current P/E Ratio - LTM0.00
Enterprise Value (EV)/EBITDA-831.89
Enterprise Value (EV)/Free Cash Flow-4,616.29
Dividend Yield0.0
Price/Tangible Book Ratio - LTM0.00
Price/Book Ratio - LTM
Price/Cash Flow Ratio
Price/Free Cash Flow Ratio - LTM
Price/Sales Ratio0.00
P/E Ratio (1 month ago) - LTM
P/E Ratio (26 weeks ago) - LTM
P/E Ratio (52 weeks ago) - LTM
5-Y High P/E Ratio-676.5
5-Y Low P/E Ratio-369.0
5-Y Average P/E Ratio
Current P/E Ratio as % of 5-Y Average P/E
P/E as % of Industry Group0.0
P/E as % of Sector Segment0.0
Current 12 Month Normalized P/E Ratio - LTM0.0
PER SHARE FIGURES
LT Debt pS0.00
Current Liabilities pS0.01
Tangible Book Value pS - LTM0.00
Book Value pS - LTM0.00
Capital Invested pS-0.00
Cash pS - LTM0.00
Cash Flow pS - LTM0.00
Free Cash Flow pS - LTM0.00
Earnings pS (EPS)0.00

 OPERATING RATIOSPROFITABILITY RATIOS
Free Cash Flow Margin-111.73
Free Cash Flow Margin 5YEAR AVG-111.73
Net Profit Margin-6.2
Net Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.
Equity Productivity-0.27
Return on Equity (ROE)-33.9
Return on Equity (ROE) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Capital Invested Productivity-0.27
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI)0.0
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Assets Productivity0.10
Return on Assets (ROA)-0.4
Return on Assets (ROA) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Gross Profit Margin79.3
Gross Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.
EBITDA Margin - LTM-623.3
EBIT Margin - LTM-628.9
Pre-Tax Profit Margin0.0
Pre-Tax Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.
Effective Tax Rate-0.1
Effective Tax Rate - 5YEAR AVRG.-0.1
EFFICIENCY RATIOS
Cash Conversion Cycle313
Revenue per Employee13,832
Net Income per Employee
Average Collection Period313
Receivables Turnover0.1
Day's Inventory Turnover Ratio
Inventory Turnover0.0
Inventory/Sales0.0
Accounts Payble/Sales0.00
Assets/Revenue10.00
Net Working Capital Turnover-0.23
Fixed Assets Turnover1.61
Total Assets Turnover0.1
Revenue per $ Cash0.27
Revenue per $ Plant1.61
Revenue per $ Common Equity0.00
Revenue per $ Capital Invested0.00
Selling, General & Adm/tive (SG&A) as % of Revenue708.2
SG&A Expense as % of Revenue - 5YEAR AVRG.0.0
Research & Devlopment (R&D) as % of Revenue0.0
R&D Expense as % of Revenue - 5YEAR AVRG.0.0

    				

 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
 

 



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		









  HWGG:OTC US Stock Quote - Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd   HWGG:US   OTC US        0.50USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/17/2017     Volume   500    Previous Close   0.50    52Wk Range   0.30 - 0.55                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   500    Previous Close   0.50    52Wk Range   0.30 - 0.55    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   500.028    Shares Outstanding  (b)   1.000    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.74%     Industry Consumer Services   % Price Change -2.40%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Ho Wah Genting Group Limited (HWGG) promotes travel and entertainment through an online business model. The Company offers a membership program to individuals who seek travel planning, entertainment, discounts, and awards. HWGG serves customers in Malaysia.    Address  Wisma Ho Wah Genting GroundFloor, No 35, Jalan MaharajaleKuala Lumpur, 50150Malaysia   Phone  60-3-2141-6422   Website   www.hwgg.com.my     Executives Board Members    Lim Chun Hoo  CEO/CFO/COO    Lim Hui Boon  President/Founder    Ong Kooi Tatt  Secretary     Show More         

Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















ho wah genting group ltd
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Advertising & Marketing
Ho Wah Genting Group Limited (HWGG) promotes travel and entertainment through an online business model. The Company offers a membership program to individuals who seek travel planning, entertainment, discounts, and awards. HWGG serves customers in Malaysia.




Corporate Information
Address:

Wisma Ho Wah Genting Ground
Floor, No 35, Jalan Maharajale
Kuala Lumpur, 50150
Malaysia


Phone:
60-3-2141-6422


Fax:
60-3-2143-1626


Web url:
www.hwgg.com.my





Board Members




CEO/CFO/COO
Company


Lim Chun Hoo
HO Wah Genting Group Ltd








Secretary
Company


Ong Kooi Tatt
HO Wah Genting Group Ltd








Board Members
Company






























From The Web











Key Executives


Lim Chun Hoo


CEO/CFO/COO




Lim Hui Boon


President/Founder




Ong Kooi Tatt


Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data











































HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD (HWGG) stock chart — HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD:OTC price quotes | TradingView






























































TradingView
 







United States


United Kingdom
												



India
												



España
												



France
												



Italia
												



Polska
												



Brasil
												



Россия
												



Türkiye
												



Indonesia
												



日本
												



한국
												

















How It Works
Chart Features
House Rules
Moderators

For the WEB
Widgets
Stock Charting Library

Feature Request

Blog & News
FAQ
Help & Wiki
Twitter













Private Messages
Chat



										Ideas Published
										




										Followers
										




										Following
										




Priority Support


Public Profile
Profile Settings

Account and Billing

Sign Out



Sign In



		Go PRO
	

Go PRO
30-day Free Trial


		Join For Free
	

Go PRO Early








TradingView








Sign In


IdeasAsset ClassCurrenciesStocksIndicesFuturesCryptocurrenciesBondsCFDsTrend AnalysisSupport & ResistanceSupply & DemandPivot PointsFibonacciTrend LinesCandlestick AnalysisMultiple Time Frame AnalysisSeasonalityFractalsCyclesHarmonic PatternsAB=CDThree DrivesGartleyBatButterflyCrabCypher5-0SharkChart PatternsDouble Top or BottomHead & ShouldersWedgeCup & HandleFlagPennantRectangleParallel ChannelPitchforksTriangleIndicators & OverlaysOscillatorsCentered OscillatorsVolatilityVolumeMoving AverageBreadth IndicatorsBill Williams IndicatorsWave AnalysisElliott WaveNeo WaveSine WaveWolfe WaveKondratieff WaveGannGann BoxGann FanGann SquareBeyond Technical AnalysisRisk ManagementTrading PsychologyTrading PlanTrading ToolsMacroeconomicsFundamental AnalysisMarketsCurrenciesEconomic CalendarForex Signal FinderMajorMinorExoticAmericasEuropeAsiaPacificMiddle EastAfricaDXY, EUR/USD, USD/JPY, GBP/USD, AUD/USD, USD/CADStocksEarnings CalendarStock ScreenerTop GainersTop LosersMost ActiveLarge-CapSmall-CapMost VolatileAll Time HighAll Time LowADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC, IPATH S&P 500 VIX SHORT-TERM FUTURES ETN, DELCATH SYS INC, AK STL HLDG CORP, ALTRIA GROUP INC, STARBUCKS CORPIndicesMajor World IndicesUS IndicesS&P SectorsS&P 500, Nasdaq 100, Dow 30, Nikkei 225, DAX, FTSE 100FuturesAgriculturalEnergyCurrenciesMetalsWorld IndicesInterest RatesGold, Silver, Crude Oil, Natural Gas, Coffee, CottonCryptocurrenciesBitcoinEthereumRippleLitecoinEthereum ClassicDashMoneroZcashGolemSteemGnosisBitcoin / Dollar, Bitcoin / Euro, Ethereum / Dollar, Ethereum / Bitcoin, Litecoin / Dollar, Ripple / BitcoinBondsAmericasEuropeAsiaPacificMiddle EastAfricaUS 10Y, Euro Bund, Germany 10Y, Japan 10Y, UK 10Y, India 10YCFDsAgriculturalEnergyMetalsWorld IndicesInterest RatesGOLD (US$/OZ), Brent Oil, Crude Oil, Natural Gas, PALLADIUM (US$/OZ), SILVER (US$/OZ)ScriptsOscillatorsRelative Strength Index (RSI)Average Directional Index (ADX)Stochastic OscillatorChande Momentum Oscillator (CMO)True Strength Index (TSI)Ultimate Oscillator (UO)Stochastic RSIVortex Indicator (VI)Directional Movement Index (DMI)DeMarker Indicator (DeM)Centered OscillatorsMoving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD)Commodity Channel Index (CCI)Fisher TransformMomentum Indicator (MOM)Woodies CCITRIXDetrended Price Oscillator (DPO)Percent Price Oscillator (PPO)Bears PowerKnow Sure Thing (KST)VolatilityAverage True Range (ATR)Bollinger Bands (BB)Rate of Change (ROC)Donchian ChannelsKeltner Channels (KC)Parabolic Stop and Reverse (PSAR)Historical VolatilityStandard DeviationVolatility StopChaikin Volatility (CHV)Trend AnalysisIchimoku CloudPivot PointsPrice/Earnings Ratio (P/E Ratio)Support & ResistanceCommitment of Traders (COT)Linear RegressionPring Special KZig Zag IndicatorCandlestick AnalysisRelative Strength Comparison (RSC)VolumePut/Call Ratio (PCR)Volume IndicatorMoney Flow Index (MFI)Chaikin Money Flow (CMF)Volume ProfileVolume-weighted Average Price (VWAP)Accumulation / Distribution Line (ADL)Price Volume Trend (PVT)Ease of Movement (EOM)Negative Volume Index (NVI)Moving AverageExponential Moving Average (EMA)Weighted Moving Average (WMA)Simple Moving Average (SMA)Hull Moving Average (HMA)Kaufman's Adaptive Moving Average (KAMA)Smoothed Moving Average (SMMA)Variable Index Dynamic Average (VIDYA)Volume-weighted Moving Average (VWMA)Fractal Adaptive Moving Average (FRAMA)Double Exponential Moving Average (DEMA)Breadth IndicatorsOn Balance Volume (OBV)McClellan OscillatorMcClellan Summation IndexAdvance/Decline RatioCumulative Volume Index (CVI)Arms Index (TRIN)Advance/Decline LineHigh-Low IndexAdvance/Decline Volume LineBill Williams IndicatorsAwesome Oscillator (AO)Williams FractalMarket Facilitation IndexWilliams AlligatorGator OscillatorAccelerator Oscillator (AC)EducationChart






















Browse









Trending











Most Discussed











Most Viewed











Most Agreed











All Ideas




Time









Today











This Week











This Month











All Time











HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD

OTC:HWGG




Follow HWGG
Following HWGG
Unfollow HWGG






 
 





 
 
 
 



 
 
  






Prev
 




Open
 




Volume
 




1 Day Range
  -  





EPS
 




Mkt Cap
 




PE
 












Trending
Today





Trending




Most Discussed




Most Viewed




Most Agreed




All Ideas






Today




This Week




This Month




All Time
























HWGG Stock Chart


 





Interactive Chart



















HWGG














 
			Fundamentals HWGG
		





Price History

Average Volume (10 day)
---


Beta - 1 Year
---


Price - 52 Week High
---


Price - 52 Week Low
---



Valuation

Enterprise Value/EBITDA, TTM
---


Enterprise Value, FQ
---


Market Cap - Basic
---


Number of Employees
---


Number of Shareholders
---


Price/Earnings, TTM
---


Price/Revenue, TTM
---


Price/Book Ratio, FY
---


Price/Sales Ratio, FY
---





Dividends

Dividends Paid, FY
---


Dividends per Share, FQ
---


Expected Annual Dividends
---


Dividends Yield
---



Margins

Net Margin, TTM
---


Gross Margin, TTM
---


Operating Margin, TTM
---


Pretax Margin, TTM
---





Balance Sheet

Cash Ratio, FY
---


Current Ratio, FQ
---


Debt to Equity, FQ
---


Net Debt, FQ
---


Quick Ratio, FQ
---


Total Assets, FQ
---


Total Debt, FQ
---



Income Statement

Basic EPS, Net Income
---


Earnings per Share, Basic, TTM
---


EBITDA, TTM
---


Gross Profit, FY
---


Last Annual EPS
---


Last Annual Revenue, FY
---


Net Income, FY
---


Total Revenue, FY
---


Free Cash Flow, TTM
---





Operating Metrics

Return on Assets, TTM
---


Return on Equity, TTM
---


Return on Invested Capital, TTM
---


Revenue per Employee, TTM
---














News








	There are no publications for this symbol.












How It Works




Features




For the WEB




Widgets






Community



Blog
House Rules
Moderators
People
Chat
Chat History
Press
Referral Program
Advertise




Tools and Features



GO PRO
Stock Screener
Forex Signal Finder
Economic Calendar
AppStore
Stock Charting Library
Trading Terminal
Publishing & Social Tools
Education




Support



Status Page
Feature Request
Help & Wiki
FAQ
Contacts
Terms of Use
Risk Warning
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy




Trading Ideas



All
Trend Analysis
Harmonic Patterns
Chart Patterns
Indicators & Overlays
Wave Analysis
Gann
Beyond Technical Analysis



































© 2017 TradingView
Stock Charts & Forex Charts


Made with 


								From the creators of MultiCharts


								Select market data provided by ICE Data services


















United States






United Kingdom



India



España



France



Italia



Polska



Brasil



Россия



Türkiye



Indonesia



日本



한국









Home


Stock Screener


Forex Signal Finder


Economic Calendar


How It Works


Chart Features


House Rules


Moderators


For the WEB


Widgets


Stock Charting Library


Priority Support


Feature Request


Blog & News


FAQ


Help & Wiki


Twitter
















Private Messages


Chat


Ideas Published



Followers



Following



Priority Support


Public Profile


Profile Settings



Account and Billing


Sign Out




		Go PRO
	

Go PRO
30-day Free Trial


		Join For Free
	

Go PRO Early

























HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD : Other Events (form 8-K) | 4-Traders















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  OTC Bulletin Board - Other OTC  >  HO WAH    HWGG










     HO WAH (HWGG)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 Delayed  - 07/17 06:15:36 pm

0.5
USD
 
+7.41%











 







SummaryQuotesChartsNews News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD : Other Events (form 8-K)



































0






07/18/2017 | 10:07pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





Item 8.01 Other Events
On July 12, 2017, the Board of Directors of Ho Wah Genting Group Limited
("HWGG") authorized and approved an amendment (the "Amendment") to HWGG's
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, which authorized a two-to-one
reverse stock split (the "Reverse Split") of HWGG's outstanding common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, with a record date of July 14, 2017 (the "Record
Date"). In connection with the reverse stock split, the Board of Directors of
HWGG, also authorized and approved a related increase in the par value of the
HWGG common stock from $0.0001 per share to $0.0002 per share. We expect that
the Reverse Stock Split will (i) increase the marketability and liquidity of our
common stock; (ii) address the reluctance of brokerage firms and institutional
investors to recommend lower-priced stocks to their clients or to hold in their
own portfolios; and (iii) enable us to strengthen the quotation of our common
stock on the OTC Markets, Inc. QB Tier.
In connection with the Reverse Split, there will be a corresponding reduction of
our authorized common stock and, as such, under Nevada law shareholder approval
is not required. The Reverse Split is subject to the approval by FINRA.
On the effective date of the Reverse Split (the "Effective Date"), automatically
without any action on the part of any holder thereof:
 · All of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock ("Old Common Stock"),
   shall be converted on the basis of two (2) shares of Old Common Stock for one
   new share of common stock ("New Common Stock");
 · Each holder of a certificate or certificates which immediately prior to the
   Effective Date represented outstanding shares of Old Common Stock shall, from
   and after the Effective Date, be entitled to receive a certificate or
   certificates representing the shares of New Common Stock into which the shares
   of Old Common Stock are reclassified pursuant to the Reverse Split;


 · Each holder entitled to a fractional share of New Common Stock shall receive
   one whole share of New Common Stock instead;
 · All shares of Common Stock eliminated as a result of the Reverse Split will be
   cancelled;
 · The paid-in capital of HWGG shall be reduced by an amount equal to the par
   value of the Old Common Stock so eliminated and the additional paid-in capital
   of HWGG shall be increased by the same amount;
 · The par value of the New Common Stock shall increase from $0.0001 per share to
 $0.0002 per share; and
 · As of the Effective Date, the total number of shares that HWGG will be
   authorized to issue will be seven hundred fifty million (750,000,000) shares,
   of which seven hundred fifty million (750,000,000) shares shall be common
   stock, each having a par value of $0.0002.© Edgar Online, source Glimpses




















































0






 






Latest news on HO WAH




07/18 HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD : Other Events (form 8-K)

05/22 HO WAH : GENTING GROUP LTD MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CON..

05/12 HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD : Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant, Financ..

04/17 HO WAH : GENTING GROUP LTD Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Con..

03/01 HO WAH GENTING GROUP LTD : Change in Directors or Principal Officers (form 8-K)



More news

 







 



 



Chart HO WAH




Duration : 
Auto.
2 months
3 months
6 months
9 months
1 year
2 years
5 years
10 years
Max.



Period : 
Day
Week 





 






Full-screen chart

 




 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave





