




Dr. Allison C Hoffman - Family Practice specialist in Hood River OR



































Home Doctors Oregon Hood River Allison C Hoffman
 Doctors in Hood River OR





share on 
                




Allison C Hoffman
share on 
            



MEDICARE Family Practice specialist in Hood River OR

Dr. Allison C Hoffman is a Family Practice Specialist in Hood River, Oregon. She graduated with honors from Georgetown University Of Medicine in 2012. Having more than 5 years of diverse experiences, especially in FAMILY PRACTICE, Dr. Allison C Hoffman affiliates with Providence Hood River Memorial Hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in many medical groups including Providence Health And Services - Oregon, One Community Health, Columbia Gorge Medical Center Pc. Call Dr. Allison C Hoffman on phone number (503) 582-4900 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.




1750 12th St Hood River, OR 97031-9540
 (503) 582-4900 Map and Directions 






Doctor Profile


Basics



Full Name
Allison C Hoffman


Gender
Female
 
PECOS ID
7911148291


Experience
5+ years of diverse experiences


Sole Proprietor
No - She does not own any un-incorporated business by herself.
 
Accepts Medicare Assignment
She may accept the payment amount which is approved by Medicare and not to bill you for more than the Medicare deductible and coinsurance. Please call directly for confirmation.





Medical Specialities
FAMILY PRACTICE


Credentials
Doctor of Medicine (MD)
 
Education & Training
Dr. Allison C Hoffman attended to Georgetown University Of Medicine and then graduated in 2012


NPPES Information
NPI #: 1467712950
Enumeration Date: May 18th, 2012
Last Update Date: Feb 5th, 2016 
Request for update


Quality Reporting
Participated programs include
Medicare Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS).


Medical Licenses
Dr. Allison C Hoffman has been primarily specialised is Family Practice for over 5 years.

SpecializationLicense NumberIssued State


Allopathic & Osteopathic Physicians / Family Medicine
MD169190
Oregon


 
Affiliated Hospitals



Hospital Name
Hospital Type
Hospital Ownership
Location




Providence Hood River Memorial Hospital
Critical Access Hospitals
Voluntary non-profit - Church
Hood River, Oregon



Medical Group Practice

OrganizationNumber of Members


One Community Health
16


Columbia Gorge Medical Center Pc
12



Practice Location
1750 12th St            Hood River, Oregon 97031-9540
Phone: (503) 582-4900 Office Hours:Monday - Friday: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PMSaturday - Sunday: Closed 
This doctor profile was extracted from the dataset publicized on Jul 20th, 2017 by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and from the corresponded NPI record updated on Feb 5th, 2016 on NPPES website. If you found out anything that is incorrect and want to change it, please follow this Update Data guide. Related Doctors and Physicians



Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.



Most Viewed Physicians



Bret R Paulus
1120 Pine St.

Victoria Hopkins
917 11th St

Melissa T Arndt
917 11th Street Hood River Dermatology, Inc

Timothy J Foley
1808 Belmont Ave

Glen R Patrizio
4355 W Ridge Dr

Hilary B Nicholls
849 Pacific Ave

Michael V Stevens
704 Columbia St

Hubert Rodriguez
4250 Forden Dr 




Nearby Physicians



Bruce J Ruttenburg
814 13th St

Stephan W Coffman
1304 Montello Ave

Kristen E Klesh
2002 12th St

Laurel A Robinson
810 13th Street

Anthony S Gay
1750 12th St

Sara J Trask
1767 12th St 131 





Newly Added Physicians



Brenna Lopez Otero
595 Toms Dr

Robert J Fiske
1021 June St

Victoria Hopkins
917 11th St

Melissa T Arndt
917 11th Street Hood River Dermatology, Inc

Hilary B Nicholls
849 Pacific Ave

Glen R Patrizio
4355 W Ridge Dr 









×
Update Request



        Request to immediately synchronize Profile NPI #1467712950 from NPPES to Healthcare4PPL.com.
        



Close
Submit






Sections

Overview
Profile Medical Licenses Affiliated Hospitals Medical Group Practice Practice Location Reviews 
Doctors in Hood River OR 

Sections








     







Best Doctors and other Health Care Professionals in Oregon, Hood River, USA



































Home Doctors Oregon Hood River
 Doctors in Oregon


Doctors and other Health Care Professionals in Hood River OR
HealthCare4PPL is your most comprehensive directory of doctors and other health-care professionals in Hood River OR. HealthCare4PPL provides detailed information, including personal overview, history of education and training, specialities, practice locations, affiliated hospitals and more, of 121 Medicare-certified and other providers.
List of Doctors and other Health Care Professionals in Hood River OR
The list contains 121 physicians


Alexandra E Clarfield CP
19+ years of experience Credential: Certified Psychologist (CP) Primary Speciality: Clinical Psychologist 

Allison C Hoffman
5+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Family Practice 

Alyssa M Sponhauer
5+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Nurse Practitioner 

Ann M Stanley
19+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Physical Therapy 

Anthony S Gay
30+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Family Practice 

Bettina Bardin Brown
22+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Physical Therapy 

Brenda Colfelt
27+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Hospice / Palliative Care 

Brenna Lopez Otero CNA
22+ years of experience Credential: Certified in Nursing Administration (CNA) Primary Speciality: Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetist 

Bret R Paulus
33+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Physical Therapy 

Brian J Wolff
11+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Clinical Social Worker 





Newly Added Physicians



Brenna Lopez Otero
595 Toms Dr

Robert J Fiske
1021 June St

Victoria Hopkins
917 11th St

Melissa T Arndt
917 11th Street Hood River Dermatology, Inc

Hilary B Nicholls
849 Pacific Ave

Glen R Patrizio
4355 W Ridge Dr 




Other Services

Other health care providers in Hood River OR

Supplier
Home Health
Nursing Home
Hospital
Dialysis Facility
Medical Group





Go to page: << First
< Previous
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Next >
Last >>





     




Contact - Allison C Hoffman





























I would like to know what you think!














Allison C Hoffman





				Home
			



				Résumé
			



				Writing Samples 
			



				Photography
			



				Contact
			














Contact





If you are interested in collaborating or working together, I would love to hear from you! Email: allisonChoffman (at) gmail.comLinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/allisonChoffman







Feel free to communicate! 

Name *



First



Last





Email *






What is on your mind?  *














Submit



 




Image capture from Paul Floyd Photography. http://www.paulfloydphotography.com 


 


















Last updated  May 6, 2016
 

 
Web Hosting by iPage

 









				Home
			



				Résumé
			



				Writing Samples 
			



				Photography
			



				Contact
			









Writing Samples  - Allison C Hoffman





























Available writing samples!














Allison C Hoffman





				Home
			



				Résumé
			



				Writing Samples 
			



				Photography
			



				Contact
			














Writing Sample 
Available samples: research paper on the summary of flight.  click here research paper on different ways Bald Eagle is impacted by habitat disturbance. click here 




El Yunque National Forest, Puerto Rico - 2013.
















Last updated  May 6, 2016
 

 
Web Hosting by iPage

 









				Home
			



				Résumé
			



				Writing Samples 
			



				Photography
			



				Contact
			










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Allison C Hoffman - Home





























ecology — Conservation














Allison C Hoffman





				Home
			



				Résumé
			



				Writing Samples 
			



				Photography
			



				Contact
			























Peregrine Falcon. Lisbon, Ohio June 2014.

 
I am Allison Hoffman. I focus my studies in wildlife conservation. I have had a passion for wildlife conservation ever since I can remember. For my entire adult life I have been interested in habitat preservation, and environmental stability to help preserve nature for future generations.In my spare time I like to partake in nature photography. I am attending the University of Akron for graduate school in ecology. I graduated in April 2016 with a Bachelors of Science in Biological Sciences with a focus in  Wildlife and Conservation from Ohio University in Athens, Ohio. In the year 2011 - 2012 I completed post secondary education at Malone University in Canton, Ohio. I graduated from Jackson High School in Massillon, Ohio in 2012.
 


















Last updated  May 6, 2016
 

 
Web Hosting by iPage

 









				Home
			



				Résumé
			



				Writing Samples 
			



				Photography
			



				Contact
			


















✕













Allison C. Hoffman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Allison C. Hoffman
Board Member at NETWORK 1 TECHNOLOGIES


View Full Profile
Are you Allison C. Hoffman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Allison C. Hoffman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Allison C. Hoffman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Allison C. Hoffman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Allison C. Hoffman through your network of contacts.
												








Allison C. Hoffman's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
NETWORK 1 TECHNOLOGIES


Past
To view Allison C. Hoffman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
46

 
 


Allison C. Hoffman's Biography



Allison Hoffman became a director of our company in December 2012.  Since January 2016, Ms. Hoffman has served as Chief Legal Officer and Chief Talent Officer at Intersection Parent, Inc., an urban experience company that utilizes technology to make cities better, including bringing free Wi-Fi throughout New York City.  From September 2013 to December 2015, Ms. Hoffman served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc. (NYSE:MSO), a media and merchandising company providing consumers with high quality life style content and products.  From December 2012 until September 2013, sh ...
(Read More)

			Allison Hoffman became a director of our company in December 2012.  Since January 2016, Ms. Hoffman has served as Chief Legal Officer and Chief Talent Officer at Intersection Parent, Inc., an urban experience company that utilizes technology to make cities better, including bringing free Wi-Fi throughout New York City.  From September 2013 to December 2015, Ms. Hoffman served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc. (NYSE:MSO), a media and merchandising company providing consumers with high quality life style content and products.  From December 2012 until September 2013, she provided legal services to Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc.  From June 1999 to September 2012, Ms. Hoffman was employed by ALM Media, LLC, a leading provider of specialized news and information for the legal and commercial real estate sectors, as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary (January 2007 - September 2012), Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (August 2001 to December 2006) and Assistant General Counsel (June 1999 - July 2001).  From 1995 to 1999, Ms. Hoffman was an associate in the corporate finance department of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP.  We believe that Ms. Hoffman's qualifications to serve on our Board include her extensive legal background and transactional experience.
		
Source: NETWORK 1 TECHNOLOGIES on 07/22/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Allison C. Hoffman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Allison C. Hoffman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Allison C. Hoffman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Allison C. Hoffman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Allison C. Hoffman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Allison C. Hoffman


















Allison C. Hoffman's Connections (16)





Sign up now to view Allison C. Hoffman's 16 connections »









Margaret M. Smyth
Former Board Member, Etsy, Inc.









Martha Stewart
Dir. and Chief Creative Officer, Sequential Brands Group, Inc.









Jonathan M. Greene
Executive Vice President, NETWORK 1 TECHNOLOGIES









Niv Harizman
Board Member, NETWORK 1 TECHNOLOGIES









Daniel W. Dienst
Former Chief Executive Officer and Director, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.









David C. Kahn
Dir., Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, NETWORK 1 TECHNOLOGIES









William A. Roskin
Former Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration, CBS Corporation









Corey M. Horowitz
Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, NETWORK 1 TECHNOLOGIES









Emanuel R. Pearlman
Executive Chairman of the Board, Empire Resorts, Inc.









Laurent Ohana
Former Board Member, NETWORK 1 TECHNOLOGIES








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Columbia Gorge Family Medicine 1750 12th St Hood River, OR Doctors - MapQuest







































































































    Columbia Gorge Family Medicine
  

1750 12th St

Hood River
OR
97031




 Reviews



(541) 386-5070

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help































Biography Page
















You must have javascript enabled to use this website.














News & Events

Alumni

Library

LLM / SJD

MyLaw

Give




Search:


Submit

















Faculty Profiles


back to Faculty Profiles









Allison Hoffman

                    Professor of Law
                

                    A.B., Dartmouth College, 1998J.D., Yale, 2004
                

                    UCLA Faculty Since 2010
                





Allison Hoffman, an expert on health care law and policy, is a Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. Professor Hoffman’s work examines some of the most important legal and social issues of our time, including health insurance regulation, the Affordable Care Act, Medicare and retiree healthcare expenses, and long-term care. She is a Faculty Associate at the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research and the Vice Chair of the Insurance Law Section of the Association of American Law Schools. Professor Hoffman was a visiting professor at University of Pennsylvania Law School in Fall 2015. She currently teaches classes on Health Care Law and Policy, Torts, and a seminar on Health Insurance and Reform. Her most recent work proposes a fundamental shift in social policy on long-term care.Professor Hoffman graduated summa cum laude from Dartmouth College and from Yale Law School, where she was Submissions Editor for the Yale Journal of Health Policy, Law, and Ethics. Professor Hoffman has extensive experience working as a lawyer and business consultant in the health care industry. She practiced law at Ropes & Gray, LLP, where she counseled clients on health care regulatory matters. She has also provided strategic business advice to health care companies as a consultant at The Boston Consulting Group and The Bridgespan Group. Immediately prior to joining the faculty at UCLA, she was a fellow at Harvard’s Petrie-Flom Center for Health Law Policy, Biotechnology, and Bioethics.Professor Hoffman and her research have been featured on Jotwell, twice recognized in Tax Notes as a notable employee benefits law review article of the year, cited by the D.C. Circuit, featured in a policy brief by Rand Corporation, and cited in articles by various media outlets, including The Huffington Post, the Wall Street Journal, Reuters, Morningstar, CNBC, the New York Daily News, and Marketplace by American Public Media.Professor Hoffman’s research explores the role of regulation and the welfare state in promoting health and wellbeing. Her writing examines how regulation both reflects and shapes different conceptions of risk and responsibility.Recent articles include: "Reimagining the Risk of Long-Term Care," 16 Yale Journal of Health Policy, Law, and Ethics (2016); "What Health Reform Reveals About American Health Law," in The Oxford Handbook of U.S. Health Law (Cohen, Hoffman, & Sage, eds. Oxford University Press) (2016); "Health Care Spending and Financial Security after the Affordable Care Act," 92 North Carolina Law Review 101 (2014); "An Optimist’s Take on the Decline of Small-Employer Health Insurance," 98 Iowa Law Review Bulletin 113 (2013); and "Three Models of Health Insurance: The Conceptual Pluralism of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act," 159 University of Pennsylvania Law Review 1873 (2011). She is co-editor of The Oxford Handbook of U.S. Health Law with I. Glenn Cohen and William M. Sage (forthcoming 2016).




 
Contact Information

UCLA School of Law385 Charles E. Young Dr. EastLos Angeles, CA, 90095  
            

hoffman@law.ucla.edu






















Hoffman Allison C Allison C Hoffman in Hood River, Oregon with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeHood River, ORHoffman Allison C Allison C HoffmanHood River, OR Hoffman Allison C Allison C HoffmanAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Hoffman, Allison C1750 12th StHood River, OR 97031(503) 582-4900Physicians & SurgeonsBusinesses in related categories to Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED2. Laser Spine InstituteServing the Hood River Area.(866) 382-7494Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection3. Eye Health Northwest6111 NE Cornell RdHillsboro, OR 97124(503) 846-9400Optical GoodsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Eye Health Northwest is of the leading optometry clinics in the Hillsboro, OR area. We are are here to help you find the right prescription and frames for your li…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection4. Mauras, Kessa1700 12th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-1006Physicians & Surgeons, PodiatristsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection5. Epstein Beth Md1109 June StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-2500Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection6. Lisa Grant MD1151 May StHood River, OR 97031(541) 387-6125Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection7. Mt Hood Podiatry1700b 12th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-1006Physicians & Surgeons, PodiatristsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection8. Chambers, Charlie, MD1125 May StHood River, OR 97031(541) 387-8940Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection9. Sova, Ivan M, MD810 12th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-3911Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection10. Grewe, Kathy, MD1108 June StHood River, OR 97031(541) 387-6125Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection11. Northwest Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine810 13th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-2300Physicians & Surgeons, PediatricsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection12. 11th Street Medical917 11th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-2920Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection13. Macnally, David1750 12th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-5070Physician AssistantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection14. David Macnally Pa-C810 12th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 387-6994Medical ClinicsPhysician AssistantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection15. Didier, Erica L, MD849 Pacific AveHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-6380Physicians & Surgeons, Family Medicine...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection16. Coffman, Stephan, MD1151 May StHood River, OR 97031(541) 387-8992Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection17. Hopkins, Victoria917 11th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-2517Physician AssistantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection18. Providence Medical Group Internal Medicine Clinic1108 June StHood River, OR 97031(541) 387-6125Physicians & Surgeons, Internal...WebsiteFrom Business: Providence Medical Group Internal Medicine Clinic, located at 1108 June St. in Hood River, OR is a member of Providence Health & Services and strives to create he…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection19. Stephen Becker MD1750 12th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-5070Physicians & Surgeons, Family Medicine...WebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection20. Gray, Tyler, MD1750 12th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-5070Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection21. HematologicsHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-4757Physicians & Surgeons, Hematology...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection22. Fiske, Robert J1021 June StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-3626Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection23. Rebecca Chown OD1410 May StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-1399Physicians & Surgeons, OphthalmologyWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection24. Czarnecki Marie Md1304 Montello AveHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-3711Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection25. McCabe, Daniel B, MD814 13th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 387-6138Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection26. Scobie, Laura M1010 10th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-9500Physician AssistantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection27. Helen Bellanca MD849 Pacific AveHood River, OR 97031(541) 386-6380Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection28. Gorge Urology810 12th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 387-6994Physicians & Surgeons, UrologyClinicsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection29. Florek, Robert C, MD1108 June StHood River, OR 97031(541) 387-6125Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection30. Menashe Jeffrey MD811 13th StHood River, OR 97031(541) 387-6252Physicians & SurgeonsSponsored LinksMap ViewSponsoredLaser Spine InstituteServing the Hood River area.(866) 382-7494WebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



	Corporate Leadership







































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission














Home/ Company/ Corporate Leadership





Corporate Leadership





Lawrence E. Dewey - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Lawrence E. Dewey has served as a director of Allison Transmission Holdings Inc. since August 2007. Mr. Dewey, age 60, joined Allison in February 1989. Mr. Dewey currently serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Allison and has served in that capacity since January 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Dewey served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer since the sale of Allison in August 2007. Prior to the sale, Mr. Dewey served in various capacities at Allison, including as President of Allison, a role he assumed in 2000; worldwide Director of Marketing, Sales and Service, Managing Director of Allison Transmission Europe, B.V., based in The Netherlands; Central Region (U.S.) Sales Manager; Marketing Manager; Manager of Aftermarket Products; and Production Manager. From 2003 until 2007, concurrent with his role as President of Allison, he took on the responsibilities of Group Director of Marketing, Sales, Brand Management and Customer Support for General Motors Powertrain group. Before joining Allison, Mr. Dewey held several positions of increasing responsibility in General Motors’ Diesel Equipment Division and Rochester Products Division. He began his career in 1974 as a General Motors co-op student at General Motors Institute (now Kettering University), graduating summa cum laude. Mr. Dewey earned his Master in Business Administration with honors from the Harvard Graduate School of Business.



David S. Graziosi - President & Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Graziosi serves as President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary, a position he has held since January 2016. Prior to that he had served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary since joining Allison in November 2007. Before joining Allison, between 2006 and 2007, Mr. Graziosi served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covalence Specialty Materials Corporation. Prior to joining Covalence Specialty Materials Corporation, Mr. Graziosi held various positions in the industry, including as Vice President of Finance Precursors and Epoxy Resins at Hexion Specialty Chemicals, Inc. from 2005 to 2006 and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Resolution Performance Products LLC from 2004 to 2005. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of General Chemical Industrial Products Inc., as Finance Director of GenTek Inc., and as Internal Audit Director and Assistant Corporate Controller at Sun Chemical Group B.V. Mr. Graziosi is also a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Information Systems Auditor (non-practicing). 



G. Frederick Bohley - Vice President, Finance
& Treasurer
Frederick Bohley began his career at Allison Transmission in 1991 with the Finance department where he held positions of increasing responsibility, including General Accountant, Tax Specialist, Internal Auditor, Plant Analyst, Manager of Manufacturing Analysis, and Manager of Financial Planning and Analysis.
In 2001, Mr. Bohley joined Marketing, Sales and Service where he held the position of National Account Executive. In 2003, he relocated to Sao Paulo, Brazil as Director of Latin American Operations and he returned in 2006 as Director of International Marketing and Business Planning. In October 2007, following Allison’s divestiture from General Motors, Mr. Bohley rejoined the Finance department and was promoted to Executive Director of Financial Planning and Analysis, Pricing and International Finance. He added Investor Relations to his responsibilities in January 2013 and Business Planning in August 2014. He was promoted to Vice President, with the added responsibility of the treasury department, in March 2016 and became Treasurer in July 2017.
Mr. Bohley holds a bachelor’s degree in business, with majors in accounting and finance, from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University.



Robert M. Clark III - Vice President, Marketing & Sales for Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific

Robert (Skip) Clark began his career with General Motors as a co-op student and went on to serve in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility with several GM divisions. In 2002, he joined Allison Transmission as a Product Team Leader for the 3000/4000 Series™. In 2003, he joined Marketing, Sales and Service as Regional Director for Europe, Middle East and Africa, based in the Netherlands, and in 2004 was promoted to Managing Director for Europe, the Middle East and Africa. In 2012, Mr. Clark was named Managing Director for Asia-Pacific, based in Singapore. He was promoted to Vice President in March 2016.
Mr. Clark holds a bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering from Purdue University, and a MBA from the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia.



John M. Coll - Senior Vice President, Global Marketing, Sales & Service

Mr. Coll joined Allison as Senior Vice President, Global Marketing, Sales and Service in October 2016. Prior to joining Allison, Mr. Coll was Vice Present of Sales and Marketing at Gerdau Ameristeel U.S. from January 2015 to October 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Coll served fourteen years at Eaton Corp., most recently as Vice President of Global Marketing for the vehicle group from January 2011 to January 2015. Prior to that, he held a number of other roles at Eaton, including Director of Global Channel Marketing for Eaton Electrical, General Manager of Aftermarket and Vehicle Solutions for Truck Components and Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Truck Components. Prior to joining Eaton, Mr. Coll served thirteen years at Philips Electronics in a variety of sales and distributor relations roles. Mr. Coll earned a bachelor’s degree in business administration from West Virginia University and a master in business administration from the University of Pittsburgh.



Michael A. Dick - Senior Vice President, Operations & Purchasing

Mr. Dick has served as Senior Vice President of Operations and Purchasing since January 2016, with worldwide responsibility for manufacturing, global supply chain, manufacturing engineering and facilities. He had most recently been Vice President of Purchasing, Supplier Quality and Manufacturing Engineering since August 2012. Mr. Dick joined Allison Transmission in July 2006 and previously served in two other key executive positions. As Executive Director of Operations and Plant Manager for the 1000/2000 Series™ manufacturing facility in Indianapolis, a position Mr. Dick held from July 2006 through December 2007, his team significantly improved in the manufacturing cost per unit, hours per unit, customer pulls and customer complaint parts per million (PPM). As Executive Director of Manufacturing Engineering, a position he held from January 2008 through July 2012, Mr. Dick and the manufacturing engineering team were responsible for the successful launch of the assembly plant in Chennai, India and the relocation of the 3000/4000 Series™ assembly operations to Szentgotthárd, Hungary. Prior to joining Allison, Mr. Dick worked for the New Venture Gear Corp. (a joint venture between General Motors and Chrysler) where he served as the Vice President and Division Manager. In this role, he and his team took a business that had been losing money for a decade and made it profitable. Mr. Dick holds a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering technology from Purdue University.



Thomas D. Eifert – Vice President, Program Management & Mobile Source Emissions

Mr. Eifert began his career with General Motors in 1989 as a co-op student and served in a variety of roles with Delphi Automotive. He joined Allison Transmission in 1996 as part of Supplier Quality and a member of the 1000/2000 Series™ launch team. Over the course of his career, Mr. Eifert has worked in different areas of the business, including Purchasing, Business Planning, and Engineering. In 2007, as part of Marketing Sales and Service, he was promoted to Executive Director of Customer Support. In 2013, Mr. Eifert rejoined Engineering as the TC10® Product Team leader at launch. He then assumed a cross-functional leadership role to define, plan and implement product initiatives for On-Highway Products Team, the Controls System Team, and most recently, the Off-Highway Products Team. Mr. Eifert was promoted to Vice President of Program Management and Mobile Source Emissions in April 2017. He graduated from the University of Dayton with a degree in mechanical engineering and earned an MBA from Butler University.



Mary Anne M. Hoffman - Vice President, Human Resources

Mary Anne Hoffman joined Allison Transmission in August 2012 and was initially responsible for international human resources, as well as employee training and development activities. She was promoted to vice president in January 2015. Prior to joining Allison, Ms. Hoffman spent 12 years in human resources for Ford Motor Co. in Indianapolis. Her responsibilities included hiring employees during their expansion, developing a manpower planning process, managing labor relations, and health and safety activities. Ms. Hoffman earned a bachelor’s degree, cum laude, from the University of Notre Dame and a master’s degree in business administration from Miami (Ohio) University. She has also received a Certificate in Business and Executive Coaching from the University of Texas and designation as a Certified Labor Relations Professional (CLRP) from Michigan State University. Additionally, Ms. Hoffman holds the Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR) designation and is a Master Practitioner for Myers-Briggs.



Randall R. Kirk - Senior Vice President, Product Engineering & Product Teams

Mr. Kirk joined Allison in May 1976 and serves as Senior Vice President, Product Engineering and Product Teams, a position he has held since August 2014. At the beginning of his career at Allison, he served in a number of roles with increasing responsibility in the Operations and Quality organizations, including Supervisor, General Supervisor, Production Superintendent, Quality/Reliability Manager, and a dual role as Manager of Manufacturing Engineering and Quality and Divisional Program Manager. From 1997 until 2001, Mr. Kirk assumed the responsibilities of Product Team Leader for several product lines. He then served as Director of Customer Support in Marketing, Sales and Service from 2001 until 2007. From 2007 until 2009, Mr. Kirk was Executive Director of the Transition Program Manager Office, leading a cross-functional team with responsibilities for the separation from General Motors. Following the divestiture in 2009, he was appointed as Vice President, Product Engineering before his promotion to Senior Vice President, Product Engineering and Product Teams in August 2014.



Dana J.H. Pittard - Vice President, Defense Programs

Mr. Pittard joined Allison Transmission in October 2015 as Deputy Vice President of Defense Programs. He was promoted to Vice President, Defense Programs in January 2016. Mr. Pittard retired from the U.S. Army in the grade of Major General (2 Star) after 34 years of active duty. He has commanded Armor and Infantry units at every level from platoon to Division, including command of the 1st Armored Division. His service included multiple combat tours. Mr. Pittard brings a wealth of experience in combat vehicle technology and a deep understanding of the Department of Defense and congressional budget processes. He served as the Director of Operations for the Army Training and Doctrine Command, the organization responsible for defining requirements for combat vehicles. As the commander of Fort Bliss, Texas from 2010 to 2013, he transformed the post into one of the largest operational training installations in the Army, and was responsible for a community of over 100,000 soldiers, civilians and family members.



Dean E. Ranalli - Vice President, Information Systems and Services & Chief Information Officer

Dean Ranalli joined Allison Transmission in May 2011 as Director of Global IT Infrastructure and Operations. He was promoted to vice president in January 2015. Prior to joining Allison, Mr. Ranalli was a Global Services Manager with Alcatel-Lucent in Pittsburgh, where he was responsible for IT operations for the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center's voice, data and wireless networks. Mr. Ranalli also previously worked for Advanticom in Pittsburgh, where he held positions of increasing responsibility including Project Manager, Operations Manager, and Director of Professional Services. He holds a bachelor’s degree from Indiana University of Pennsylvania.



Paul A. Richardson - Executive Director, Quality & Reliability

Paul Richardson joined Allison Transmission in June 1980 as a co-op student. Over the course of his career, he has held positions of increasing responsibility with various groups in Product Engineering, including Commercial Products, Military Applications, Advanced Engineering, and Embedded Controls. Prior to being promoted to his current position, Paul had served as Executive Director of Analysis, Development and Validation (ADV) Engineering and Engineering Services. Paul graduated from General Motors Institute (now Kettering University) in 1985 with a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering. He earned a master's degree in mechanical engineering in 1991 and in business administration (MBA) in 2003, both from Purdue University.



Heidi K. Schutte - Vice President, Marketing & Sales for the Americas

Heidi Schutte began her career with Allison Transmission as an intern in 1991 and as a full-time employee in 1992 with the Aftermarket and ReTran® group in Marketing, Sales and Service. Following a transfer to General Motors’ Saturn Corp. in 1994, she returned to Allison in 2000 as a Marketing Brand Manager for the 1000/2000 Series™. 
More recently, following positions of increasing responsibility, Ms. Schutte was promoted to Director of Regional Sales for North America in 2009 and Executive Director, Regional Sales in 2010. In 2014, she was named Executive Director, North American Sales as her role was expanded to include National Accounts. Later that year, Ms. Schutte was named Executive Director, North American Sales and OEM Accounts. She was promoted to Vice President in March 2016.
Ms. Schutte holds a bachelor’s degree in business management from Purdue University.



Eric C. Scroggins - Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary

Mr. Scroggins joined Allison as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in December 2007 and has served in that position since then. He is responsible for advising our Board and leadership team on legal and business matters, managing our legal affairs and overseeing our Export Compliance, Corporate Affairs and Communications and Internal Audit organizations. Prior to joining Allison, Mr. Scroggins served as General Counsel for Product Action International LLC and was an attorney with the law firm of Ice Miller LLP. Prior to joining Ice Miller LLP, Mr. Scroggins worked for the State of Indiana, serving in various roles with the Indiana State Personnel Department, including Deputy Director.



Teresa J. van Niekerk - Vice President,  Purchasing & Supplier Quality

Teresa van Niekerk joined Allison Transmission in October 2012 as Managing Director of Purchasing and was promoted to Executive Director of Purchasing in December 2014. Most recently, she was promoted to Vice President of Purchasing and Supplier Quality in January 2016.
During her time at Allison, Ms. van Niekerk has spearheaded significant organizational restructuring efforts. These activities include complex contract management strategy, business case development and assessment, sourcing implementation, raw material management, formal supplier development agreements, and monthly accrual management.
Prior to joining Allison, Ms. van Niekerk held operational responsibility for Navistar Truck Division’s purchasing group where she managed all areas of global and domestic sourcing, contract negotiations and procurement of commercial vehicle and automotive components, and engineered systems. She holds a bachelor’s degree in management from Indiana Wesleyan University.


















Allison C Hoffman - Blog








































Photography
Collection of pictures I have taken relating to nature. 














Allison C Hoffman





				Home
			



				Résumé
			



				Writing Samples 
			



				Photography
			



				Contact
			














 


Killdeer in Canton, Ohio



		5/12/2016
	



		0 Comments
	


 

This killdeer was spotted at 5617 Portage St NW, North Canton, OH 44720. Also known as Branhaven Swim and Tennis Club and The Sports Dome.      Killdeer. North Canton OH. May 2016.   Today I was in the parking lot of half an abandoned property that has been blank for the past 10 years. The other half of the property has an indoor sporting complex that uses the same parking lot. Adjacent to the sporting complex there are two tennis courts and a partially gravel parking lot. I was there in the grassy area looking for brown headed cowbird and common grackle. As soon as I drove onto the property in the parking lot there was a Killdeer just sitting in the middle of the parking lot. I learned in ornithology a trick to make sure that I do not get it Killdeer confused with the different birds. They have two stripes a different colors on their next. And they have 2 Ls intheir name.The Killdeer is a plover. And you can see it without going near a body of water. It usually hangs out in parking lots, sporting fields, and sometimes golf courses. They usually run across the ground in short spurts with pauses in between. Their noise has a high-pitched "kill deer" sounding Voice as the bird takes flight. North Canton is part of their summer breeding ground. The killdeer usually does a 'broken wing act" to distract predators from their offspring. This one did not do any type of broken wing act. So that leads me to think it was not near any offspring.      Killdeer. May 2016. North Canton OH.  The background is where the pool used to be. Black imaging is the interior of my car.   Every picture I took of the bird was from my car. I never even opened any of my doors. The Killdeer was able to let me drive within 10 feet of it and get hundreds of pictures. As the Killdeer moved around, I would shift my vehicle to get a better angle. In the background in the picture is where the pool used to be, and all that was filled in with dirt after being excavated.     Panoramic picture of where the pool used to be on the property. To the left is the sporting complex. 2016.  The Killdeer mainly hung out on the gravel part of the parking lot. The property is right in the middle of a very suburban residential area.     The Killdeer in the middle of the gravel parking lot. May 2016.  The Killdeer seemed naturally at home. It kept ruffling it's feathers and preening it's Plumage while I was just a dozen feet away.      The Killdeer had its feathers ruffled after preening. May 2016 around 3pm.   I was very surprised to see to killdeer in this area because I have never seen any other birds in this area other than the typical song birds. I have lived at this residence my entire life and I have never encountered a Killdeer. As I tried to get a closer picture I decided to try and step out of my car, and then the Killdeer flew away. As it took flight it made the iconic noise that a Killdeer makes. I have heard it around my house in the past week, but I just doubted my hearing and shrug it off as another bird. And then I was very surprised when I found it. The whole excursion lasted about 20 minutes.







		0 Comments
	


 


Easter 2016 Birding



		5/8/2016
	



		0 Comments
	


 

​Sorry I took so long to post this one. It has been a very busy time for me!The whole excursion took place between 930am-noon. It was pretty warm for march, it was around 45 degrees F the entire time. On Easter morning  2016 I went birding at Cuyahoga Valley national park. My dad also went with me. 1st We stopped at the Great Blue heron viewing area in Akron Ohio. If you type ‘’great blue heron viewing area Akron, Ohio” in goggle maps, it take you so a stop that is on W Bath road. On both sides of the viewing site there are signs that label the area. There is parking on the south side of the road. And the viewing areas is about 75 meters south of the Cuyahoga river. The area is a nesting colony that's a reflection of favorable habitat that's created by beavers. They made their nest about 2 to 3 stories high in various types of trees. It's breeding and nesting time for the great blue heron's around Easter. All the leaves have yet to grow on the trees so It provided a fantastic view. There was also a volunteer there that provided field guides and a spotting scope for the public to use at no charge. She was very knowledgeable with the birds and wildlife of the area.(If you would like so see more pictures of the great blue herons please feel free to contact me! )     Nesting colony. Great Blue Herons. Easter 2016.       Great Blue Heron. Akron OH. March 2016.   Within the same proximity, (about a 50 yard radius), also saw other types of birds. those include morning doves, Redwing blackbirds, white breasted nuthatch, American tree sparrow's, red bellied woodpecker.      Redwing Blackbird. Akron OH. March 2016.       White Breasted Nuthatch. Akron, OH. March 2016.       Red Bellied Wood Pecker. Akron Ohio. March 2016.   Next we went to a  Ira trail head on 3801 Riverview Road, Peninsula 44264 (81° 35.001' W) (41° 11.075' N). that is also the same location of beaver Marsh on the Ohio & eerie canal towpath. There is a large parking lot and there is a trail that leads to the beaver marsh, about half a mile away. There is a bridge/pier and a large observation deck with the same level of the pier. Along the way you can read more about the canal locks and bridges from the towpath signage.  Birds I saw there were Carolina chickadees, wood ducks, trumpeter swans, tree swallow, tree sparrow, wood ducks, and Canada geese. (pictures)we also got up close and personal with a red eared slider basking on a log. I was also able to make eye contact with a Carolina chickadee.     Trail head Sign. Peninsula OH March 2016.       Making eye contact with a Carolina Chickadee. Peninsula OH. March 2016.      Canada Goose. Peninsula OH March 2016.       Tree swallow. Peninsula OH. March 2016.      Wood Duck. Peninsula OH. March 2016.       Painted turtle. Peninsula OH. March 2016.       Trumpeter Swans. Peninsula OH. March 2016.   







		0 Comments
	


 


Sells Park and Dale & Jackie Riddle State Nature Preserve



		3/20/2016
	



		0 Comments
	


 

This is my first post, so it is going to be pretty short!​On Feb. 20th, 2016 I was hiking at Sells Park and Dale & Jackie Riddle State Nature Preserve. They are both are in Athens, Ohio and are right next door to each other.  They are both adjacent to Strouds Run State Park. The Preserve has old growth forest and sits on the foothills of the Allegheny Plateau. Athens got a break from the cold weather and there was much activity in the area. I saw 2 pileated woodpeckers, robins, tufted titmice and a couple of white tail deer. I was able to get a picture of a red-bellied woodpecker (Melanerpes carolinus).  It was perched on the side of a tree about 25 feet high. The common name is sort of misrepresentative, because the most noticeable red area is on the head. Some confuse it for the red-headed woodpecker (Melanerpes erythrocephalus).      Red-bellied woodpecker. Athens, OH Feb 2016.  







		0 Comments
	


 


Future Adventures



		3/8/2016
	



		0 Comments
	


 

I will be starting a blog about various nature adventures I have. For starters, this is a photo I took while on an ornithology field trip on Nov 8, 2015.      Ring bill gull. Taken at Light House Pier in Huron, Ohio.  







		0 Comments
	










Author
A passionate being hoping to engage in scientific investigation and providing a mutually beneficial experience to help contribute to future world conservation. 
Archives

May 2016

March 2016


Categories

All






		RSS Feed
	



















Last updated  May 6, 2016
 

 
Web Hosting by iPage

 









				Home
			



				Résumé
			



				Writing Samples 
			



				Photography
			



				Contact
			


















✕







