    A. Holaday | UBS Inc | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	Holaday Circuits: Products and Services

















                 
            












About Us
Products and Services
Operations and Environment
Quality Control
Human Resources




President's Message
Major Customers/Suppliers
Technology Overview
Certified Quality Systems
Markets Served



Imaging Capabilities
Capabilities
Materials and Finishes
Technology Roadmap
Sales
Concurrent Engineering
Manufacturing
Quality



Engineering
Manufacturing
Environment



Certifications
Quality Assurance Tools
Training



Current Job Openings
Company Benefits
Employment Application












                                    Contact Us 













                            
    Products and Services

                            














For over 40 years Holaday Circuits has built a reputation as a vendor of choice by specializing in the manufacturing of quality Printed Circuit Boards.  From prototype to production requirements,  we continue to service the needs of the Aerospace, Military, and Electronics industries.
From the initial quoting stage; continuing with order placement; through the processing capabilities of our front end Engineering Departments; in all phases of our Manufacturing and Quality Control areas, Holaday’s objective is to provide it’s customers with the highest quality Printed Circuit Boards in the industry.
To this end we offer the following:




Products 

Imaging Capabilities
Capabilities
Materials and Finishes
Technology Roadmap





Services

Sales
Concurrent Engineering
Manufacturing
Quality









                                             
                                        


























Sitemap    | 
Privacy Policy    |  
Contact Holaday Circuits    | 
© Copyright 2009 Holaday Circuits 







                 
            













Dakota Foundation Dtd 122997 Holaday A Bart Ttee - 501C3 Nonprofit - Jamestown, ND - 367213554

























      TaxExemptWorld  Updated on April 23, 2017    

   


 Nonprofit Lookup byName 
 Tax ID(EIN) 
 501C Classification 
 State 
 Metro Area 
 County 
 City 
 Zip Code 
  Advanced Search  





Sign Up Sign In


  
   


 Nonprofit Lookup byName 
 Tax ID(EIN) 
 501C Classification 
 Zip Code 
 City 
 County 
 Metro Area 
 State 
  Advanced Search  









Dakota Foundation Dtd 122997 Holaday A Bart Ttee

            
            501C3
            
            Nonprofit Organization Information


  Get Unlimited Access to 990 Returns
  Get Unlimited Access to Financial Data
  Save to Excel, CSV, Access, or TXT

Get the Report
Download all available information for this organization plus form 990 pdf files  to your computer, laptop, and phone.


 Assets: $5 million + 
 Income: $1 million + 
 Form 990 Revenue: $0 




 Organization Name & Address

 Dakota Foundation Dtd 122997 Holaday A Bart Ttee
                Po Box 1535
                
                Jamestown, ND
                58402-1535 


 Contact Info Executive Officer Name and Phone Number

 Available with membership or
data download 


  Employer Identification Number (EIN) / Tax ID Nine digit number assigned by the IRS to identify a company 

36-7213554 


  Form 990 - PDF files What is this? A form 990 is an information return filed with the IRS that shows extensive details on a nonprofit organization's income, assets, 
            expenses, executives, directors, salaries, compensation, investments, and more 
form 990 instructions  

 Available with membership or
data download 


 Asset Amount


$5 million + View more asset details with membership or
data download



 Income Amount


$1 million + View more income details with membership or
data download



 Form 990 Revenue Amount


                $0
              


 Expenses


 View expense details with membership or
data download



 Liabilities


 View liabilities details with membership or
data download



 Total Securities Investments Investments in publicly traded securities


 View securities investment details with membership or
data download



 Executive Compensation Compensation of current officers, directors, etc


 View executive compensation details with membership or
data download



  In Care Of Name The officer, director, etc. to whose attention any correspondence should be directed 


                Janet L Holaday
              


  Classification(s) Categories under which an organization may be tax exempt 

 
                
                501(C)(3)
                
                

 Charitable Organization
              


  Filing Requirement The primary return(s) the organization is required to file
form 990 return  form 990 instructions 
Form 990 - Not required to file(all other)

  Taxonomy Classifies an exempt Internal Revenue Code 501 (c)(3) organization 

Corporate Foundations


  Secondary Name Another name under which this nonprofit organization does business. Also used for trade names, chapter names, or local numbers for subordinate organizations of group rulings 

HOLADAY A BART TTEE


  Affiliation Defines the organizational grouping 

This organization is an independent organization or an independent auxiliary (i.e., not affiliated with a National, Regional, or Geographic grouping of organizations).


 Deductibility Status

Contributions are deductible


 Principal Activities


                n/r
              


 Foundation Type

Private non-operating foundation


  Tax Period The date of the latest return filed 

12/2015




 Get the Report
Download all available information for this organization plus form 990 pdf files  to your computer, laptop, and phone.








× Close






Sample 990 Files (click ot view)
              
              








Download All Form 990s
  Download All Form 990s 
            
            - or -
Download All Form 990s
 In the Entire Database 






Phone numbers and other contact information for an organization are typically included in 990 files - click the sample pdf files above to view.
          





Close





















 

Holiday Schedule | bart.gov





















Skip to main content











bart.gov






Enter terms 









StationsStation List
Find Closest Station
Escalator Status
Elevator Status

SchedulesOverview
Real Time Departures
Service Advisories
Mobile Options
Third Party Apps
Developer Program

Rider GuideOverview
Customer Services
FAQs
Parking
Airport Connections
Transit Connections
Bikes on BART
Destinations
Accessible Services
Lost & Found
Safety & Security
Title VI

TicketsOverview
Sales
Tax Benefits
Fare Calculator

NewsNews Articles
Podcasts
Media Resources
BART TV
BARTable
Email Alerts
Feeds

About BARTBoard of DirectorsAgenda & Minutes
Advisory Committees
District Boundaries

General Manager
Financials
Reports
History & FactsHistorical Films
System Facts
Train Cars

Planning
ProjectsE. Contra Costa Extension
New Train Cars
Warm Springs
Earthquake Safety
more...

BART PolicePeople
Latest News
Know Your Zone
Employment
How To
Policy & Reports

Police Auditor
Police Citizen Review Board
Doing BusinessProcurement
Office of Civil Rights
Insurance
Permits
Advertising
Transit-Oriented Development
Standard Specifications

Jobs
Sustainability
Site Map
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Contact Us











Holiday Schedule


Mail

Facebook

Twitter

Print 












BART operates Weekdays 4:00 am - Midnight, Saturdays 6:00 am - Midnight and Sundays 8:00 am - Midnight except as follows:2016DateServiceChristmas Day12/25/16Sunday2017DateServiceNew Year's Day 201601/01/17SundayMartin Luther King, Jr. Day01/16/17SaturdayPresident's Day02/20/17SaturdayMemorial Day05/29/17SundayIndependence Day07/04/17SundayLabor Day09/04/17SundayThanksgiving Day11/23/17SundayChristmas Day12/25/17Sunday For other planned service changes, look for Special Schedule Notices in QuickPlanner, Schedules by Line and Schedules by Station. 





































The Dakota Foundation:Index















    Special Announcement: Non-Profits are Encouraged to Apply for the Ian Helms Award for Social Entrepreneurship
  


















              The Dakota Foundation Activities in 2016
            








              Program-Related Investments
            








              Graduate Education and The Holaday Scholarship
            




Previous



Next











Welcome


          For 18 years, the Dakota Foundation has sought to combine
          business discipline and charitable intentions to solve
          social problems. With grants and program-related
          investments (PRIs) we take an investment approach: we want
          the total social return of our outlays to be higher than
          the cost.
        


          In doing so, we hope to foster organizations and activities that are
          both economically and environmentally sustainable. We help people
          invest in themselves to improve their economic condition and those
          of their families and communities. This mission stems from our
          values: self-reliance, personal responsibility, human dignity,
          equal opportunity, and the preservation of life and beauty on our
          earth.
        

          We at the Dakota Foundation understand the special
          position that family foundations like ours occupy in the
          non-profit world. Each day we are privileged to encounter
          dedicated individuals working to make the world a better
          place for ours and future generations. We are pleased to
          support their efforts.
            

              - Bart HoladayFounder and President, The Dakota Foundation
              









Our Partners













































































































          Fostering Social Entrepreneurship
        











+   
            
              What is The Dakota Foundation?
            



            The Dakota Foundation is a non-profit organization founded
            in 1997 by A. Bart Holaday to focus his philanthropic
            efforts on initiatives that foster social entrepreneurship.
          







            +   
            
              What are Program-Related Investments?
            



            To pursue its goals, The Dakota Foundation makes
            program-related investments (PRIs), a type of low-interest
            financing. PRIs are most commonly made as below-market
            rate loans or, occasionally, equity interest, and require
            that the agency receiving the PRI generate sufficient cash
            flow ultimately to repay the loan or provide a return on
            the equity. Most of our PRIs do not exceed $100,000.
          






+   
            
              What is the deadline for submitting inquiries?
            



            The Dakota Foundation does not have deadlines. Each inquiry receives an initial screening and preliminary
            review. Proposals that make it past preliminary review will receive thorough consideration, and a final
            decision will be made in a timely fashion. When we do have to say no to a funding request, our knowledge,
            networking and other non-dollar assets may help.
          






+    What are the interest rates?


            Interest rates on PRIs may vary from zero percent to just below the prevailing market rate. The IRS requires
            rates to be below-market on a risk-adjusted basis. Typically, rates are calibrated to each partner's
            capacity and to the project's ability to generate revenues. Potential interest income from our PRI is not a
            significant reason for making the PRI.
          






+    What usually is the length of a PRI?


            Our PRIs are made for anywhere from five to seven years. We try to be flexible in this regard and to meet
            the needs of the program or agency receiving the PRI.
          






+   
            For what amount is a PRI from the Dakota Foundation?



            Historically, most of our PRIs range between $50,000 and $100,000. The size of a loan is influenced by the
            needs of the project and the ability of the non-profit to repay.
          






+    Do you have an application form?


            Our guidelines (from the top menu above) contains a
            submission form for applying for a PRI.
          













            Subscribe to the Dakota Foundation's Newsletter
          


































×


TERMS AND CONDITIONS






Overview 

              This website is operated by the Dakota Foundation. Throughout the
              site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to
              the Dakota Foundation. The Dakota Foundation offers this website, including all
              information, tools and services available from this
              site to you, the user, conditioned upon your
              acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and
              notices stated here.
            

              By visiting our site and/or applying for a grant or PRI,
              you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by
              the following terms and conditions (“Terms of
              Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms
              and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or
              available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply
              to all users of the site.
            

              Please read these Terms of Service carefully before
              accessing or using our website. By accessing or using
              any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these
              Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms
              and conditions of this agreement, then you may not
              access the website or use any services. If these Terms
              of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is
              expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
            

              Any new features or tools which are added to the
              current page shall also be subject to the Terms of
              Service. You can review the most current version of
              the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We
              reserve the right to update, change or replace any
              part of these Terms of Service by posting updates
              and/or changes to our website. It is your
              responsibility to check this page periodically for
              changes. Your continued use of or access to the
              website following the posting of any changes
              constitutes acceptance of those changes.
            
Terms of Service

              Awarding of Program-Related Investments (PRIs) or
              grants by the Dakota Foundation is conducted in accordance with
              our published guidelines and is at the sole discretion of the
              leadership of the Dakota Foundation. Submission of any material
              does not legally bind us to any agreement beyond our stated policies.
            

              You understand that your content may be transferred
              unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over
              various networks; and (b) changes to conform and
              adapt to technical requirements of connecting
              networks or devices.
            

              You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell,
              resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service,
              or access to the Service or any contact on the website through
              which the service is provided, without express written permission
              by us.
            

              The headings used in this agreement are included for
              convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these
              Terms. We are not responsible if information made available on
              this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on
              this site is provided for general information only and should not
              be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions
              without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more
              timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on
              this site is at your own risk.
            Conditions

              Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
            

              Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites
              that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining
              or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will
              not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials
              or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of
              third-parties.
            

              We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or
              use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions
              made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review
              carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you
              understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints,
              claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should
              be directed to the third-party.
            

              Your submission of personal information through the
              store is governed by our Privacy Policy. Please see below.
            


Security

              If you find a security issue with our site, please contact us immediately.
              We offer reasonable cash rewards to those who responsibly contact us and responsibly aid us in remedying
              any security issues that may arise.
            
Privacy Policy

              We treat your information with respect. We do not
              sell or exchange customer data with other parties
              for their use, but do use all information stemming
              from interaction with our site to improve our
              internal performance, marketing, and business
              development efforts which may include third-party
              service-providers.
            







Back 


















                             Giant donation to Air Force is tribute to dying wife | Colorado Springs Gazette, News                                                   The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account  Close                Search    Fewer ads, faster browsingSUBSCRIBE TODAY!       Subscribe Login         Fri, Jul 28, 2017
                         News   Sports   Business   Politics   Opinion   Life   A&E   Obits   Shopping   About   Photo/Video                    Popular  Top Local News   U.S. & World   Crime & Justice   Weather   Graduations   Closings & Delays   Military   Education   Colorado Politics    Special Interest  Fire & Environment   Marijuana   Traffic   The Cheyenne Edition   The Woodmen Edition   Submit a news tip        Hickenlooper says time is now to roll up sleeves, address health insurance costs, market stability        Bear euthanized after pouncing on woman's tent in Colorado campground         Archives   Subscriber Benefits   Search          Subscriber Services   Account Center   Archives   Carrier Portal   Buy Our Photos        Advertising   SpringsCoupons.com   Place An Ad     About Us   Contact Us   About The Gazette   Employment Opportunities   Copyright Information   Reprint Information   Google Survey FAQ   Gazette Charities   Become a Carrier   Report an Issue     Subscriber Services   Account Center   Archives   Carrier Portal   Buy Our Photos     Online News   e-Edition   Newsletters   Mobile Apps         Top Sports Stories   Gazette Preps   Peak Performers   Paul Klee   Woody Paige   David Ramsey      Air Force Academy   Broncos   Colorado College   Baseball   Olympics   Switchbacks FC      Brent Briggeman's Blog   Scott Kaniewski's Blog   Paul Klee's Blog   Joe Paisley's Blog   David Ramsey's Blog   Matt Wiley's Blog        'We might be in trouble boys': Play of Air Force QB Arion Worthman has Mountain West's attention      Popular  Top Business Stories   Economic Indicators   Movers & Shakers   Get a Job Monday   Ted Rayburn    Resources  Leading Lawyers   Leading Medical Professionals        Andrew Wommack Ministries to relocate Colorado Springs headquarters, TV studio to Woodland Park        Amazon's Jeff Bezos surpasses Bill Gates as world's richest person      Popular  Top Life Stories   Out There   Travel   Home & Garden   Food   Health   Faith & Values   Parenting   Around Town   My Colorado   Pets    Advertising Special Sections  OutThereColorado.com   Nonprofit News   Think Pink   Celebrate   Pulse   Heart Health Month   Stroke Awareness Month   Business Spotlight        Historic Colorado Springs Day Nursery to refurbish windows        A Christian ministry meets the views of Rocky Mountain National Park      Popular  GO! Top Entertainment   ColoradoSprings.com   Best of the Springs   Dining & Drink   Restaurant Reviews   Discover Guide   Cinema Guide   Pop Culture   Beer Map    Fun  Comics/Puzzles   Horoscopes   Celebs   TV        Take 10: Ian's 'Gott' beautiful music for Colorado Springs and beyond        Must See Must Do: More than a dozen fun events coming to Colorado Springs area this weekend      Popular  Top Editorials   Guest Editorial   Letters to the Editor   Submit a Letter   Contact Elected Officials   Blogs      Popular  Top Politics   Election   Local/County   State   Colorado Politics      Photos  Top Images   The Latest   Best of Local   Best of Sports    Videos  Top Videos   Best of Local   Best of Sports   Best of Life   Best of Military    Features  Government Videos   A&E Videos   Blogs   Business Spotlight   Eric Singer      Transgender military rights rally in Colorado Springs      Groundbreaking for Pikes Peak region Peace Officers Memorial      Obits  Latest Obituaries   Death Notices   Place an obituary   Place a death notice      Deals  Circulars   Jobs   Deal of the Day   Real Estate   Garage Sales   Shop for Cars   Legal Notices    Classifieds  Merchandise   Dogs   Rentals   Service Directory   Springs Coupons   Various/Misc.   Post an ad    Shop Local Businesses  Shop Local             Home  Account  Login Register  Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us  Contact  Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue   Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits    News  Local News  Local News  Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip   U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports  Sports  Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado   Business  Business  Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators   Opinion  Opinion  Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials   Politics Life  Life  Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets   A&E  A&E  Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes   Colorado Politics    Video & Photo  Top Videos  Videos  News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer   Top Photos  Photos  View Photos Buy Photos   Most Recent Videos    Obits  Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice    Coupons and Deals  Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons    Marketplace  Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds  Classifieds  Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc.   Post an ad                             
                Giant donation to Air Force is tribute to dying wife
                 
            By: FRANK SCHWAB
          August 15, 2010              0           Lynn and Bart Holaday Photo by SUBMITTED PHOTO   Bart Holaday paused, the pain evident on his face. He had discussed the benefits of Air Force’s soon-to-be-built indoor training facility. He and his wife, Lynn, gave $5 million of the roughly $16 million needed for the building. That is the largest gift the academy has received from a graduate.  He talked about winning three letters from the football team, and how the lessons he picked up from football helped him in life. Now he was being asked why he and Lynn had given such a generous gift. The answer didn’t come easy. “Part of it is,” Bart Holaday said, “she’s dying.” Lynn has amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease, is a neurodegenerative disease with no cure. She was diagnosed in June 2009. That news was the final impetus for Bart and Lynn Holaday to make the large donation. She’s eager for construction, delayed as the academy waits for Congress’ approval, to begin.
“I’m hoping the academy schedules the groundbreaking for the indoor practice facility before it’s too late for me to be there!” Lynn Holaday writes in an e-mail. The indoor practice facility will be named after the Holadays. The academy can’t announce that before the project is officially approved, but that’s the plan. For years to come, cadets will enjoy the facility, which will have a full-size football field inside. Most of them probably won’t have any idea about the namesakes, or how the building came to be. 30 years later, they connect Bart and Lynn Holaday took about three decades to marry each other. They were drawn to each other at an Air Force assembly in 1964. Lynn, who was a representative for the University of New Mexico, recalls his “square jaw, broad shoulders, intense eyes.” They were on a panel together and saw each other later at a dance. “I thought him resplendent in his dress uniform,” she wrote in an e-mail. Bart plays the role of the typical man, not remembering the details as well as his wife. “I noticed her right away. I remember that,” Bart said. She heard he was applying for a Rhodes scholarship, which he was awarded and became one of four Rhodes scholars in the history of the Air Force football program.  She wrote him a note of congratulations. He wrote back. Lynn says that’s how their relationship began. But he went to England, then Washington. He worked in the Pentagon as an economist for a few years, and then helped set up the Federal Energy Administration. He eventually went into the venture capital business, where he managed about $19 billion of investments. They got married after college but not to each other. They didn’t speak for almost 30 years.
“It took us a long time,” Bart Holaday said. “I describe it as, she dumped me and moved on to another person. She said that wasn’t exactly the way it happened.” Both marriages failed. Bart’s work brought him to New Mexico often, and he left a message at an office there where Lynn worked, telling her when and where to call him. Decades before, she had tried breaking him of his Wing Commander ways (Bart is one of seven football players to hold that highest rank for a cadet). The tone from an old friend sounded familiar. So she didn’t call. “Later he called and politely invited me to have coffee with him,” Lynn wrote. “The rest is history because we picked up immediately where we’d left off some three decades earlier.”
On New Year’s Eve 1998, Bart and Lynn got married. Over the past 12 years they’ve split time between New Mexico (her home state), North Dakota (his home state) and Colorado Springs. The academy was a reason they maintained a residency here. “We’ve long loved the academy and had sentimental attachment to it,” Bart said.   He retired in 2001, and they spent the next few years traveling the world and enjoying life. They started philanthropic projects in their home states and at the academy. They established a scholarship in 2002 that sends an academy graduate to Exeter in Oxford – Bart’s old college. They also went to most Falcon football home games. Life was as good as they could have dreamed. Dying wife is ‘at peace’ Lynn Holaday has written a couple of e-mails to her friends, who are curious about her condition. The eloquently written notes have an astonishing self-awareness. She speaks about the first signs, the slurred speech and the left foot that started failing. Later there was trouble eating, walking and breathing. She recounts dreams from her sleep, in which she is an active athlete again. She jokes Lou Gehrig would be furious if he knew his name was synonymous with ALS. She also writes about the anguish over knowing she won’t see her grandchildren grow up.
Most of all, she seems intent on providing comfort to those who know ALS will kill her. “ALS is NOT the worst illness one can have, although if I were 32 years old I probably would think it was,” she wrote when asked about living with ALS. “I, however, am 68 and have had a full and complete life, so I don’t waste time on complaining about my fate.” She says she isn’t in pain, and her e-mails reflect that. After the Holadays gave the $5 million gift to the USAFA Endowment, other donations came pouring in. The endowment, which gathers private donations for projects at the academy, collected an additional $6 million shortly after the Holadays’ gift was announced. Without the largest donation, the project probably would be stalled. “If Bart and Lynn didn’t donate what they did, we’re probably sitting here with $3 million and no specific timeline on the project,” said Mark Hille, vice president of USAFA Endowment. Air Force’s Troy Calhoun, other coaches around the Mountain West Conference and even Mountain West commissioner Craig Thompson say that indoor facilities are necessary to stay competitive in major college football. The Holadays understand and believed in the project. They know the facility will help cadets for years. Bart hopes the lessons he learned as a fullback-turned-kicker on Air Force’s team – teamwork, fair play, determination – carry on to future generations. And there are the personal reasons for the gift. “I want something as a tribute to Lynn,” Bart said. “That’s what’s important to me. And I’d like to have something that joins the two of us together, because our relationship has been the most important thing in my life.” Lynn, whose father played football at Rice University, is passionate about Air Force football and believe she might have been even more excited about the gift than her husband. She asks how the team looks and hopes for an upset over Oklahoma on Sept. 18. She laments she can’t climb Cheyenne Mountain anymore but reads books that had sat unopened, listens to music from her youth and has returned to her faith. “I leave this life grateful and fulfilled,” she said in one of the e-mails to her friends. “I am at peace; I am not afraid.”                            Comment Policy     You must be logged into gazette.com in order to post comments.  Please log in  or  Create an account  to start commenting.     Our comments require Javascript.  If you wish to comment on our articles, please enable javascript and login. Comments powered by Disqus.            Register to the Colorado Springs Gazette      Incognito Mode Your browser is in Incognito mode         You vanished!   We welcome you to read all of our stories by signing into your account. If you don't have a subscription, please subscribe today for daily award winning journalism.         Register to the Colorado Springs Gazette         Register to the Colorado Springs Gazette         Subscribe to the Colorado Springs Gazette     It appears that you value local journalism.  Thank you.   Subscribe today for unlimited digital access with 50% fewer ads for a faster browsing experience.   $9.99/mo   Already a Subscriber? LOGIN HERE         Subscribe to the Colorado Springs Gazette     It appears that you value local journalism.  Thank you.   Subscribe today for unlimited digital access with 50% fewer ads for a faster browsing experience.   $9.99/mo         Subscribe to the Colorado Springs Gazette    Some news is free. Exceptional journalism takes time, effort and your support.   Subscribe Today   Already a Subscriber? LOGIN HERE        You     premium articles    articles remaining   ×   Thank you for your interest in local journalism. Subscribe today Gain unlimited access, 50% fewer ads and a faster browsing experience.                Get the Newsletter  The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe   Get a Subscription  Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe   Follow our Facebook  Get real time news updates  Follow                                               ×  Login Required   You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: LoginNew user? Register Now        




The Dakota Foundation:About us





















        About The Dakota Foundation 
      






              The Dakota Foundation is a non-profit organization
        founded in 1997 by A. Bart Holaday to focus his philanthropic
        efforts on initiatives that foster social entrepreneurship and
        enhance self-sufficiency initially in the states of North
        Dakota and New Mexico. From 1997 through 2010 it was managed
        by Holaday and his wife, Lynn, who served as foundation
        executive director, and his sister, Janet, foundation
        secretary-treasurer. Lynn was instrumental in the growth and
        development of the Foundation but died October 1, 2010 after a
        valiant fight with ALS (please find a wonderful tribute to
        Lynn here).
        Her strong support led to the Dakota Foundation making the
        lead gift to build the Holaday Athletic Center at the US Air
        Force Academy, which is named for Lynn
        and Bart.
	    

              Bart Holaday grew up in Jamestown, N.D., and graduated from high school there in 1960. He graduated from the U.S. Air Force Academy and, afterwards, received a Rhodes Scholarship that took him to Oxford University in England for three years of graduate study. From Exeter College, Oxford, he earned a master's degree in politics, philosophy and economics. He also earned a law degree from George Washington University. In 2006 he received an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from the University of North Dakota (UND), Grand Forks.
            















Bart and Lynn Holaday



The world's tallest
              buffalo statue located in Jamestown, ND



Ribbon cutting ceremony for the Holaday
              Athletic Center, Bart Holaday (center)



The Holaday
              Athletic Center (interior view)





















              In his career, Bart spent time in both the public and
              private sector serving seven years in the Air Force and in senior
              management positions in the Defense Department, the Department of
              Interior and the Federal Energy Administration. In 1992 he became one
              of the original members of Investor’s Circle, a group of private
              individuals who sought to invest in companies that achieved social
              objectives as well as delivered a sufficient financial returns.  This
              was the beginning of impact investing, and Holaday served on the board
              and vice chairman of the organization.  A Chartered Financial Analyst,
              he retired in 2001 after 20 years in the venture capital industry as
              managing director of the Private Markets Group of UBS Asset Management
              in Chicago, where he and his team managed $19 billion in venture
              capital, buyouts, real estate, oil, gas and timber. Bart served as
              Treasurer and board member of the National Venture Capital
              Association, and chaired an industry task force to establish the first
              valuation and performance measurement standards for the industry.
            

              Bart serves on the board of Jamestown College in his home town. At
              the University of North Dakota he has chaired the Center for
              Innovation Foundation and is involved with the university's
              entrepreneurship program. He also serves on the boards of Alerus
              Financial, Adams Street Partners in Chicago, the Air Force Academy’s
              Endowment and the Falcon Foundation. An energetic man with
              wide-ranging interests, he established the Dakota Foundation "to
              address social issues and enhance human capabilities through
              activities that combine business discipline with charitable intent."
            














The Dakota Venture
              Group (current class)



The University of
              North Dakota Center for Innovation

























              In addition, the Dakota Foundation funds a post-graduate
              fellowship at Exeter College of Oxford University that
              each year sends a top graduate of the U.S. Air Force
              Academy to Exeter for two years of graduate
              work. Holaday is recognized as one of Exeter College's
              top benefactors and is a member of the Court of
              Benefactors. At the Air Force Academy Bart was founding
              chairman and a board member of the U.S. Air Force
              Academy Endowment. As a North Dakota native, Holaday has
              a deep affection for the state and for the special
              values he describes as "a strong work ethic, personal
              integrity, self-reliance and straight-forward dealing."
              Similarly, he is committed to the people and communities
              of his adopted state of New Mexico where he and Lynn
              spent much of their time. Since 2009 he has lived in
              Colorado Springs and is increasingly focusing Dakota
              Foundation activities on suitable projects there.  In
        2013, he married Cathy Nolan, who serves as
        Vice-Chairman of the Dakota Foundation.  An
              energetic man with wide-ranging interests, he
              established the Dakota Foundation "to address social
              issues and enhance human capabilities through activities
              that combine business discipline with charitable intent
              to help people help themselves."
            















Oxford University, UK




The board of the
              Dakota Foundation



Bart and Cathy Holaday























          Our Officers
        






A. Bart HoladayFounder and Chairman

              Bart is a graduate of the United States Air Force
Academy (USAFA), former Air Force officer, federal civil servant,
venture capitalist and philanthropist. As a cadet at the USAFA, he was
a varsity athlete, class president, Cadet Wing Commander and earned a
Rhodes Scholarship to study at Oxford University.  In more than 20
years as a venture capitalist, he was an industry leader ultimately
serving as an officer and board member of the National Venture Capital
Association. He co-chaired an industry task force that established the
first portfolio valuation and performance measurements standards for
private equity. In these positions he advanced his vision of building
the American economy based on innovation, entrepreneurship, investment
and hard work.  As a philanthropist, he founded the Dakota Foundation,
a foundation dedicated to funding entrepreneurial, non-profit
organizations that help people help themselves in achieving greater
economic self-sufficiency.
            











Catharine M. HoladayVice-Chairman

	       Cathy grew up in Colorado and loves outdoor sports.
  She graduated from the University of Colorado at Boulder in 1973 and
  began a business career.  When, in 1986, her third child, Kelsey
  Nolan, was born, she left the work world to raise her children and
  become actively involved in the community as a volunteer.  She
  currently serves on the board of the Colorado Springs Fine Arts
  Center.  Widowed twice, she married Bart Holaday in 2013.
            











Janet L. HoladaySecretary-Treasurer

	    Janet Holaday received a bachelor's degree in French and
	    Spanish from Colorado College and a master's degree in
	    accounting and business law from the University of North
	    Dakota.  She became a CPA and joined the accounting firm
	    founded by her father, Sidney E. Holaday. It was the first
	    father-daughter CPA firm in North Dakota. She has provided
	    both professional and pro bono accounting and auditing
	    services for numerous non-profit organizations in central
	    North Dakota. She was a chapter and state officer of the
	    North Dakota State Society of the Daughters of the
	    American Revolution for over 20 years.  She is currently
	    state registrar and genealogical consultant for three
	    other hereditary societies and is active in organizations
	    supporting higher education, historical preservation and
	    genealogical research.
            











Edie RossboroughExecutive Support

               Edie Rossborough graduated from the University of
               Southern Maine with a bachelor’s degree in
               Communication and a minor in Business
               Administration. For the last twelve years Edie has been
               employed part-time in an administrative capacity for a
               small strategy consulting firm.  Most recently, Edie
               helped to co-found greenestbeans.com, an early-stage
               start-up supporting the healthy-eating evolution.
               Greenestbeans.com is an online food networking resource
               that matches the consumer’s healthy eating desires to
               specific foods that meet their criteria.  Edie is
               currently a member of the Communications Committee for
               the Education Foundation of the Kennebunks and Arundel
               and serves on the Board of Directors of A Place to
               Start, a non-profit that works with families living
               with Alzheimer’s.  She lives in southern Maine with her
               husband and four children.
            



















          Our Advisory Board
        






T. Justin Bronder

              Justin Bronder is a Distinguished Graduate from the US
              Air Force Academy, where he had the good fortune to earn
              the first Alberta Bart Holaday Scholarship to attend
              Exeter College, Oxford.  After completing his DPhil in
              Astrophysics, Justin went on to Air Force assignments at
              the Air Force Research Laboratory and deployed to the
              Middle East to support rapid acquisition programs for US
              Special Operations Command.  In 2010, Justin graduated
              from the USAF Test Pilot School and then led test
              programs on the CV-22 and various C-130 aircraft while
              being named Air Force Materiel Command’s Flight Test
              Engineer of the Year in 2013.  Selected for the Olmsted
              Scholarship that same year, Justin and his family moved
              to Poland, where he is currently studying at Adam
              Mickiewicz University.  Justin has been an active
              volunteer in science education outreach programs for
              both children and adults throughout his career.
            











Erin A. Finger

              Erin Finger grew up in Louisville, KY and graduated from
              the US Air Force Academy with a major in Political
              Science and a minor in Spanish.  She attended the
              University of Oxford as a Holaday Scholar, earning an
              M.Phil. in Comparative Government.  Erin served in the
              active duty Air Force as a Special Agent with the Air
              Force Office of Special Investigations, leading federal
              investigations and specializing in major procurement
              contract fraud.  Erin transitioned to civilian life in
              2012 and is currently working in Global Financial Crimes
              Compliance at Bank of America, in Charlotte, NC.  Erin
              has played the cello since the age of four and enjoys
              traveling, yoga, and cooking.  She is an Afghanistan war
              veteran.
            











 Brett C. Holaday

              Brett Holaday comes to us with a background in Real
              Estate and event planning. She studied US History at the
              University of Colorado at Boulder, and is a member of
              the Delta Gamma Sorority. She also has her private
              pilot’s license, and enjoys flying when she has the
              time!  Brett has traveled to 22 countries and is now
              happily settled in Dallas with her fiancé.  She grew up
              in a family where giving was always a priority, no
              matter what level.  She has been a Big Sister in the Big
              Brother/Big Sister program, is a volunteer docent at the
              Dallas Arboretum, and sits on the Host Committee for the
              Nexus Foundation in Dallas, Texas.
            











Will Kusler

              Will Kusler grew up in Kulm, ND and attended the
              University of North Dakota for both his undergraduate
              Finance degree and M.B.A.  While attending UND, he was a
              member of their football team and contributed to a
              national championship and national runner-up.
              Additionally, Will was one of the original five managing
              and founding directors of the Dakota Venture Group.
              Through this organization, he was introduced to the
              Dakota Foundation and has served as its North Dakota
              representative for several years.  Currently, Will is
              employed at First State Bank as a commercial lender.  He
              is a very active volunteer for his local Special
              Olympics chapter, serving as the head powerlifting coach
              for the last five years.  Will lives in Grand Forks with
              his wife and two children.
            
















Kelsey Nolan

	       Kelsey attended Cate School, a boarding preparatory
  high school in Santa Barbara, then graduated Cum Laude with a
  B.A. in Art History and Economics at Scripps College in Claremont,
  CA. She spent her Junior year of college studying abroad in Rome,
  Italy, indulging in her love of international travel.  A Colorado
  Springs native, Kelsey returned to the activity-luring mountains
  with a job in Corporate Event Management at Destination Services
  (DSC). Her position as Account Manager enables her to promote and
  nurture Colorado’s hospitality industry, managing local vendors and
  hoteliers to create successful company product launches, retreats,
  conferences, meetings and the like.  Kelsey’s nascent philanthropic
  interest began as a volunteer for the City CDBG Fund Allocations
  Committee via the Pikes Peak United Way in 2012, and will continue
  to burgeon as she serves on the Advisory Board for the Dakota
  Foundation.
            











Andrew J. Sellers

	    Andrew Sellers grew up in Colorado Springs and graduated
  from the U.S. Air Force Academy as the valedictorian of his class.  He
  attended the University of Oxford as a Holaday Scholar and a Truman
  Scholar, earning both a Master's degree and a PhD.  Andrew is a U.S. Air
  Force Senior Cyberspace Operations Officer with expertise in
  large-scale heterogeneous network design, deep-web data extraction,
  and data theory who has led enterprise network modernization and
  design efforts for the Air Force and large Dept. of Defense
  initiatives.  He currently serves as an Assistant Professor of
  Computer Science at the U.S. Air Force Academy.  He is an Iraq war veteran.
            














Peter B. Villella

              Originally from Albuquerque, NM, Peter B. Villella
              currently lives in Greensboro, NC, where he teaches
              History at the University of North
              Carolina-Greensboro. He holds a Ph.D. from UCLA and a
              B.A. from the University of Virginia, and has authored
              several works on Latin American history. He has lived,
              worked, and volunteered throughout the world, including
              Mexico, Spain, Brazil, Ecuador, and the UK, and speaks
              Spanish and Portuguese.
            

















          Our Senior Advisors
        






Ronald M. Bancroft

              Ron founded Bancroft & Company in 1985 to provide
  strategic consulting to medium-sized growth companies. Earlier in
  his business career, Mr. Bancroft spent twelve years learning the
  ropes of strategic consulting with McKinsey & Company. While at
  McKinsey, he was part of the team that collaborated with Tom Peters
  and Bob Waterman in the work that led to the management classic In
  Search of Excellence.  Leadership and service have been consistent
  themes throughout Ron's life. He is an honors graduate of the United
  States Naval Academy, where he commanded the Brigade of Midshipmen.
  A Rhodes Scholar, Ron earned a Master's Degree in Politics,
  Philosophy, and Economics from Oxford University.  
Ron resides outside Portland, Maine with his wife, Sally. They are
  active in their church and their community.   
            












Bruce Gjovig

  Bruce Gjovig is CEO, entrepreneur coach, and founder of the UND Center
  for Innovation Foundation, a program focused on innovation,
  entrepreneurship, private investment and entrepreneur ecosystem,
  Launched in 1984, the Center has been actively involved in over 740
  entrepreneurial ventures and product introductions, raised over
  $200M in entrepreneur capital, and their entrepreneur clients have
  created more than 6,800 jobs in North Dakota and Northwest
  Minnesota.  In 2008, Sir Gjovig was presented with the Knight of the
  First Class, Royal Norwegian Order of Merit by HM King Harald V of
  Norway. In 2014 he was presented the national Ronald Reagan Award by
  CPAC for his 30 years of promoting free enterprise, innovation and
  entrepreneurship. He is included in Who’s Who in Finance & Industry
  and Who’s Who in America.
            











Katrina Hancock

	    Katrina Hancock is the Director of Development and Alumni
  Relations at Exeter College,
  Oxford. A graduate of Exeter, she has led the College in raising
  £37m for the support of students in the form of a new quadrangle in
  the heart of Oxford providing 90 student study bedroom and 21st
  century teaching facilities, outstanding teaching and student
  support. Under her leadership, the alumni participation rate rose to
  45% of all undergraduates and graduates in 2014, the 700th
  Anniversary Year. She is a strategic thinker and leader who is
  passionate about enabling every individual to reach their full
  potential from student to philanthropic alumnus. She servers on the
  board of Trustees for her local branch of the UK initiative, Street Pastors, and
  theological college (seminary), Wycliffe Hall.
	    














Warren Langley

              Warren Langley is a consultant and private investor in
              San Francisco with interests in trading and market
              structure in electronic markets and the strategic use of
              technology in shaping businesses and e-commerce.  He was
              the Managing Principal of the GuruWizard Fund, LLC, an
              early-stage venture fund, investing in businesses
              related to the individual interest of one of the Fund’s
              three Principals from 2001 until 2013.  He is a part of
              the growing community of investors who integrate impact
              investing and market-based mechanisms to solve critical
              societal issues with special emphasis in education,
              health, and economic development for low-income
              populations.  Mr. Langley is a 1965 graduate of the
              United States Air Force Academy, holds a Masters degree
              in Astronautical Engineering from the Massachusetts
              Institute of Technology obtained in 1966, and received
              his Ph.D. in Operations Research from the Georgia
              Institute of Technology in 1973.  He is married to Ann
              Tonkin, and is the father of two daughters: Anne Langley
              of Baltimore, and Kasey Langley of Seattle.
            


















×


TERMS AND CONDITIONS






Overview 

                This website is operated by the Dakota Foundation. Throughout the
                site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to
                the Dakota Foundation. The Dakota Foundation offers this website, including all
                information, tools and services available from this
                site to you, the user, conditioned upon your
                acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and
                notices stated here.
                

		By visiting our site and/or applying for a grant or PRI,
		you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by
		the following terms and conditions (“Terms of
		Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms
		and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or
		available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply
		to all users of the site.
		

		Please read these Terms of Service carefully before
		accessing or using our website. By accessing or using
		any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these
		Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms
		and conditions of this agreement, then you may not
		access the website or use any services. If these Terms
		of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is
		expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
		

		Any new features or tools which are added to the
		current page shall also be subject to the Terms of
		Service. You can review the most current version of
		the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We
		reserve the right to update, change or replace any
		part of these Terms of Service by posting updates
		and/or changes to our website. It is your
		responsibility to check this page periodically for
		changes. Your continued use of or access to the
		website following the posting of any changes
		constitutes acceptance of those changes.
		
Terms of Service

                Awarding of Program-Related Investments (PRIs) or
    grants by the Dakota Foundation is conducted in accordance with
    our published guidelines and is at the sole discretion of the
    leadership of the Dakota Foundation.  Submission of any material
    does not legally bind us to any agreement beyond our stated policies.
                

                  You understand that your content may be transferred
                  unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over
                  various networks; and (b) changes to conform and
                  adapt to technical requirements of connecting
                  networks or devices.
                

                 You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell,
    resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service,
    or access to the Service or any contact on the website through
    which the service is provided, without express written permission
    by us.
                

                The headings used in this agreement are included for
    convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these
    Terms.  We are not responsible if information made available on
    this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on
    this site is provided for general information only and should not
    be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions
    without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more
    timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on
    this site is at your own risk.
                Conditions

                  Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
                

Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites
that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining
or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will
not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials
or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of
third-parties.
               

We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or
use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions
made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review
carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you
understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints,
claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should
be directed to the third-party.
                

              Your submission of personal information through the
    store is governed by our Privacy Policy. Please see below.
             


Security

                  If you find a security issue with our site, please contact us immediately.
                  We offer reasonable cash rewards to those who responsibly contact us and responsibly aid us in remedying any security issues that may arise.
                
Privacy Policy

                  We treat your information with respect. We do not
                  sell or exchange customer data with other parties
                  for their use, but do use all information stemming
                  from interaction with our site to improve our
                  internal performance, marketing, and business
                  development efforts which may include third-party
                  service-providers.
		







Back 




















The Dakota Foundation:About us





















        About The Dakota Foundation 
      






              The Dakota Foundation is a non-profit organization
        founded in 1997 by A. Bart Holaday to focus his philanthropic
        efforts on initiatives that foster social entrepreneurship and
        enhance self-sufficiency initially in the states of North
        Dakota and New Mexico. From 1997 through 2010 it was managed
        by Holaday and his wife, Lynn, who served as foundation
        executive director, and his sister, Janet, foundation
        secretary-treasurer. Lynn was instrumental in the growth and
        development of the Foundation but died October 1, 2010 after a
        valiant fight with ALS (please find a wonderful tribute to
        Lynn here).
        Her strong support led to the Dakota Foundation making the
        lead gift to build the Holaday Athletic Center at the US Air
        Force Academy, which is named for Lynn
        and Bart.
	    

              Bart Holaday grew up in Jamestown, N.D., and graduated from high school there in 1960. He graduated from the U.S. Air Force Academy and, afterwards, received a Rhodes Scholarship that took him to Oxford University in England for three years of graduate study. From Exeter College, Oxford, he earned a master's degree in politics, philosophy and economics. He also earned a law degree from George Washington University. In 2006 he received an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from the University of North Dakota (UND), Grand Forks.
            















Bart and Lynn Holaday



The world's tallest
              buffalo statue located in Jamestown, ND



Ribbon cutting ceremony for the Holaday
              Athletic Center, Bart Holaday (center)



The Holaday
              Athletic Center (interior view)





















              In his career, Bart spent time in both the public and
              private sector serving seven years in the Air Force and in senior
              management positions in the Defense Department, the Department of
              Interior and the Federal Energy Administration. In 1992 he became one
              of the original members of Investor’s Circle, a group of private
              individuals who sought to invest in companies that achieved social
              objectives as well as delivered a sufficient financial returns.  This
              was the beginning of impact investing, and Holaday served on the board
              and vice chairman of the organization.  A Chartered Financial Analyst,
              he retired in 2001 after 20 years in the venture capital industry as
              managing director of the Private Markets Group of UBS Asset Management
              in Chicago, where he and his team managed $19 billion in venture
              capital, buyouts, real estate, oil, gas and timber. Bart served as
              Treasurer and board member of the National Venture Capital
              Association, and chaired an industry task force to establish the first
              valuation and performance measurement standards for the industry.
            

              Bart serves on the board of Jamestown College in his home town. At
              the University of North Dakota he has chaired the Center for
              Innovation Foundation and is involved with the university's
              entrepreneurship program. He also serves on the boards of Alerus
              Financial, Adams Street Partners in Chicago, the Air Force Academy’s
              Endowment and the Falcon Foundation. An energetic man with
              wide-ranging interests, he established the Dakota Foundation "to
              address social issues and enhance human capabilities through
              activities that combine business discipline with charitable intent."
            














The Dakota Venture
              Group (current class)



The University of
              North Dakota Center for Innovation

























              In addition, the Dakota Foundation funds a post-graduate
              fellowship at Exeter College of Oxford University that
              each year sends a top graduate of the U.S. Air Force
              Academy to Exeter for two years of graduate
              work. Holaday is recognized as one of Exeter College's
              top benefactors and is a member of the Court of
              Benefactors. At the Air Force Academy Bart was founding
              chairman and a board member of the U.S. Air Force
              Academy Endowment. As a North Dakota native, Holaday has
              a deep affection for the state and for the special
              values he describes as "a strong work ethic, personal
              integrity, self-reliance and straight-forward dealing."
              Similarly, he is committed to the people and communities
              of his adopted state of New Mexico where he and Lynn
              spent much of their time. Since 2009 he has lived in
              Colorado Springs and is increasingly focusing Dakota
              Foundation activities on suitable projects there.  In
        2013, he married Cathy Nolan, who serves as
        Vice-Chairman of the Dakota Foundation.  An
              energetic man with wide-ranging interests, he
              established the Dakota Foundation "to address social
              issues and enhance human capabilities through activities
              that combine business discipline with charitable intent
              to help people help themselves."
            















Oxford University, UK




The board of the
              Dakota Foundation



Bart and Cathy Holaday























          Our Officers
        






A. Bart HoladayFounder and Chairman

              Bart is a graduate of the United States Air Force
Academy (USAFA), former Air Force officer, federal civil servant,
venture capitalist and philanthropist. As a cadet at the USAFA, he was
a varsity athlete, class president, Cadet Wing Commander and earned a
Rhodes Scholarship to study at Oxford University.  In more than 20
years as a venture capitalist, he was an industry leader ultimately
serving as an officer and board member of the National Venture Capital
Association. He co-chaired an industry task force that established the
first portfolio valuation and performance measurements standards for
private equity. In these positions he advanced his vision of building
the American economy based on innovation, entrepreneurship, investment
and hard work.  As a philanthropist, he founded the Dakota Foundation,
a foundation dedicated to funding entrepreneurial, non-profit
organizations that help people help themselves in achieving greater
economic self-sufficiency.
            











Catharine M. HoladayVice-Chairman

	       Cathy grew up in Colorado and loves outdoor sports.
  She graduated from the University of Colorado at Boulder in 1973 and
  began a business career.  When, in 1986, her third child, Kelsey
  Nolan, was born, she left the work world to raise her children and
  become actively involved in the community as a volunteer.  She
  currently serves on the board of the Colorado Springs Fine Arts
  Center.  Widowed twice, she married Bart Holaday in 2013.
            











Janet L. HoladaySecretary-Treasurer

	    Janet Holaday received a bachelor's degree in French and
	    Spanish from Colorado College and a master's degree in
	    accounting and business law from the University of North
	    Dakota.  She became a CPA and joined the accounting firm
	    founded by her father, Sidney E. Holaday. It was the first
	    father-daughter CPA firm in North Dakota. She has provided
	    both professional and pro bono accounting and auditing
	    services for numerous non-profit organizations in central
	    North Dakota. She was a chapter and state officer of the
	    North Dakota State Society of the Daughters of the
	    American Revolution for over 20 years.  She is currently
	    state registrar and genealogical consultant for three
	    other hereditary societies and is active in organizations
	    supporting higher education, historical preservation and
	    genealogical research.
            











Edie RossboroughExecutive Support

               Edie Rossborough graduated from the University of
               Southern Maine with a bachelor’s degree in
               Communication and a minor in Business
               Administration. For the last twelve years Edie has been
               employed part-time in an administrative capacity for a
               small strategy consulting firm.  Most recently, Edie
               helped to co-found greenestbeans.com, an early-stage
               start-up supporting the healthy-eating evolution.
               Greenestbeans.com is an online food networking resource
               that matches the consumer’s healthy eating desires to
               specific foods that meet their criteria.  Edie is
               currently a member of the Communications Committee for
               the Education Foundation of the Kennebunks and Arundel
               and serves on the Board of Directors of A Place to
               Start, a non-profit that works with families living
               with Alzheimer’s.  She lives in southern Maine with her
               husband and four children.
            



















          Our Advisory Board
        






T. Justin Bronder

              Justin Bronder is a Distinguished Graduate from the US
              Air Force Academy, where he had the good fortune to earn
              the first Alberta Bart Holaday Scholarship to attend
              Exeter College, Oxford.  After completing his DPhil in
              Astrophysics, Justin went on to Air Force assignments at
              the Air Force Research Laboratory and deployed to the
              Middle East to support rapid acquisition programs for US
              Special Operations Command.  In 2010, Justin graduated
              from the USAF Test Pilot School and then led test
              programs on the CV-22 and various C-130 aircraft while
              being named Air Force Materiel Command’s Flight Test
              Engineer of the Year in 2013.  Selected for the Olmsted
              Scholarship that same year, Justin and his family moved
              to Poland, where he is currently studying at Adam
              Mickiewicz University.  Justin has been an active
              volunteer in science education outreach programs for
              both children and adults throughout his career.
            











Erin A. Finger

              Erin Finger grew up in Louisville, KY and graduated from
              the US Air Force Academy with a major in Political
              Science and a minor in Spanish.  She attended the
              University of Oxford as a Holaday Scholar, earning an
              M.Phil. in Comparative Government.  Erin served in the
              active duty Air Force as a Special Agent with the Air
              Force Office of Special Investigations, leading federal
              investigations and specializing in major procurement
              contract fraud.  Erin transitioned to civilian life in
              2012 and is currently working in Global Financial Crimes
              Compliance at Bank of America, in Charlotte, NC.  Erin
              has played the cello since the age of four and enjoys
              traveling, yoga, and cooking.  She is an Afghanistan war
              veteran.
            











 Brett C. Holaday

              Brett Holaday comes to us with a background in Real
              Estate and event planning. She studied US History at the
              University of Colorado at Boulder, and is a member of
              the Delta Gamma Sorority. She also has her private
              pilot’s license, and enjoys flying when she has the
              time!  Brett has traveled to 22 countries and is now
              happily settled in Dallas with her fiancé.  She grew up
              in a family where giving was always a priority, no
              matter what level.  She has been a Big Sister in the Big
              Brother/Big Sister program, is a volunteer docent at the
              Dallas Arboretum, and sits on the Host Committee for the
              Nexus Foundation in Dallas, Texas.
            











Will Kusler

              Will Kusler grew up in Kulm, ND and attended the
              University of North Dakota for both his undergraduate
              Finance degree and M.B.A.  While attending UND, he was a
              member of their football team and contributed to a
              national championship and national runner-up.
              Additionally, Will was one of the original five managing
              and founding directors of the Dakota Venture Group.
              Through this organization, he was introduced to the
              Dakota Foundation and has served as its North Dakota
              representative for several years.  Currently, Will is
              employed at First State Bank as a commercial lender.  He
              is a very active volunteer for his local Special
              Olympics chapter, serving as the head powerlifting coach
              for the last five years.  Will lives in Grand Forks with
              his wife and two children.
            
















Kelsey Nolan

	       Kelsey attended Cate School, a boarding preparatory
  high school in Santa Barbara, then graduated Cum Laude with a
  B.A. in Art History and Economics at Scripps College in Claremont,
  CA. She spent her Junior year of college studying abroad in Rome,
  Italy, indulging in her love of international travel.  A Colorado
  Springs native, Kelsey returned to the activity-luring mountains
  with a job in Corporate Event Management at Destination Services
  (DSC). Her position as Account Manager enables her to promote and
  nurture Colorado’s hospitality industry, managing local vendors and
  hoteliers to create successful company product launches, retreats,
  conferences, meetings and the like.  Kelsey’s nascent philanthropic
  interest began as a volunteer for the City CDBG Fund Allocations
  Committee via the Pikes Peak United Way in 2012, and will continue
  to burgeon as she serves on the Advisory Board for the Dakota
  Foundation.
            











Andrew J. Sellers

	    Andrew Sellers grew up in Colorado Springs and graduated
  from the U.S. Air Force Academy as the valedictorian of his class.  He
  attended the University of Oxford as a Holaday Scholar and a Truman
  Scholar, earning both a Master's degree and a PhD.  Andrew is a U.S. Air
  Force Senior Cyberspace Operations Officer with expertise in
  large-scale heterogeneous network design, deep-web data extraction,
  and data theory who has led enterprise network modernization and
  design efforts for the Air Force and large Dept. of Defense
  initiatives.  He currently serves as an Assistant Professor of
  Computer Science at the U.S. Air Force Academy.  He is an Iraq war veteran.
            














Peter B. Villella

              Originally from Albuquerque, NM, Peter B. Villella
              currently lives in Greensboro, NC, where he teaches
              History at the University of North
              Carolina-Greensboro. He holds a Ph.D. from UCLA and a
              B.A. from the University of Virginia, and has authored
              several works on Latin American history. He has lived,
              worked, and volunteered throughout the world, including
              Mexico, Spain, Brazil, Ecuador, and the UK, and speaks
              Spanish and Portuguese.
            

















          Our Senior Advisors
        






Ronald M. Bancroft

              Ron founded Bancroft & Company in 1985 to provide
  strategic consulting to medium-sized growth companies. Earlier in
  his business career, Mr. Bancroft spent twelve years learning the
  ropes of strategic consulting with McKinsey & Company. While at
  McKinsey, he was part of the team that collaborated with Tom Peters
  and Bob Waterman in the work that led to the management classic In
  Search of Excellence.  Leadership and service have been consistent
  themes throughout Ron's life. He is an honors graduate of the United
  States Naval Academy, where he commanded the Brigade of Midshipmen.
  A Rhodes Scholar, Ron earned a Master's Degree in Politics,
  Philosophy, and Economics from Oxford University.  
Ron resides outside Portland, Maine with his wife, Sally. They are
  active in their church and their community.   
            












Bruce Gjovig

  Bruce Gjovig is CEO, entrepreneur coach, and founder of the UND Center
  for Innovation Foundation, a program focused on innovation,
  entrepreneurship, private investment and entrepreneur ecosystem,
  Launched in 1984, the Center has been actively involved in over 740
  entrepreneurial ventures and product introductions, raised over
  $200M in entrepreneur capital, and their entrepreneur clients have
  created more than 6,800 jobs in North Dakota and Northwest
  Minnesota.  In 2008, Sir Gjovig was presented with the Knight of the
  First Class, Royal Norwegian Order of Merit by HM King Harald V of
  Norway. In 2014 he was presented the national Ronald Reagan Award by
  CPAC for his 30 years of promoting free enterprise, innovation and
  entrepreneurship. He is included in Who’s Who in Finance & Industry
  and Who’s Who in America.
            











Katrina Hancock

	    Katrina Hancock is the Director of Development and Alumni
  Relations at Exeter College,
  Oxford. A graduate of Exeter, she has led the College in raising
  £37m for the support of students in the form of a new quadrangle in
  the heart of Oxford providing 90 student study bedroom and 21st
  century teaching facilities, outstanding teaching and student
  support. Under her leadership, the alumni participation rate rose to
  45% of all undergraduates and graduates in 2014, the 700th
  Anniversary Year. She is a strategic thinker and leader who is
  passionate about enabling every individual to reach their full
  potential from student to philanthropic alumnus. She servers on the
  board of Trustees for her local branch of the UK initiative, Street Pastors, and
  theological college (seminary), Wycliffe Hall.
	    














Warren Langley

              Warren Langley is a consultant and private investor in
              San Francisco with interests in trading and market
              structure in electronic markets and the strategic use of
              technology in shaping businesses and e-commerce.  He was
              the Managing Principal of the GuruWizard Fund, LLC, an
              early-stage venture fund, investing in businesses
              related to the individual interest of one of the Fund’s
              three Principals from 2001 until 2013.  He is a part of
              the growing community of investors who integrate impact
              investing and market-based mechanisms to solve critical
              societal issues with special emphasis in education,
              health, and economic development for low-income
              populations.  Mr. Langley is a 1965 graduate of the
              United States Air Force Academy, holds a Masters degree
              in Astronautical Engineering from the Massachusetts
              Institute of Technology obtained in 1966, and received
              his Ph.D. in Operations Research from the Georgia
              Institute of Technology in 1973.  He is married to Ann
              Tonkin, and is the father of two daughters: Anne Langley
              of Baltimore, and Kasey Langley of Seattle.
            


















×


TERMS AND CONDITIONS






Overview 

                This website is operated by the Dakota Foundation. Throughout the
                site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to
                the Dakota Foundation. The Dakota Foundation offers this website, including all
                information, tools and services available from this
                site to you, the user, conditioned upon your
                acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and
                notices stated here.
                

		By visiting our site and/or applying for a grant or PRI,
		you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by
		the following terms and conditions (“Terms of
		Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms
		and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or
		available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply
		to all users of the site.
		

		Please read these Terms of Service carefully before
		accessing or using our website. By accessing or using
		any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these
		Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms
		and conditions of this agreement, then you may not
		access the website or use any services. If these Terms
		of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is
		expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
		

		Any new features or tools which are added to the
		current page shall also be subject to the Terms of
		Service. You can review the most current version of
		the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We
		reserve the right to update, change or replace any
		part of these Terms of Service by posting updates
		and/or changes to our website. It is your
		responsibility to check this page periodically for
		changes. Your continued use of or access to the
		website following the posting of any changes
		constitutes acceptance of those changes.
		
Terms of Service

                Awarding of Program-Related Investments (PRIs) or
    grants by the Dakota Foundation is conducted in accordance with
    our published guidelines and is at the sole discretion of the
    leadership of the Dakota Foundation.  Submission of any material
    does not legally bind us to any agreement beyond our stated policies.
                

                  You understand that your content may be transferred
                  unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over
                  various networks; and (b) changes to conform and
                  adapt to technical requirements of connecting
                  networks or devices.
                

                 You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell,
    resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service,
    or access to the Service or any contact on the website through
    which the service is provided, without express written permission
    by us.
                

                The headings used in this agreement are included for
    convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these
    Terms.  We are not responsible if information made available on
    this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on
    this site is provided for general information only and should not
    be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions
    without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more
    timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on
    this site is at your own risk.
                Conditions

                  Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
                

Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites
that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining
or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will
not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials
or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of
third-parties.
               

We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or
use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions
made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review
carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you
understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints,
claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should
be directed to the third-party.
                

              Your submission of personal information through the
    store is governed by our Privacy Policy. Please see below.
             


Security

                  If you find a security issue with our site, please contact us immediately.
                  We offer reasonable cash rewards to those who responsibly contact us and responsibly aid us in remedying any security issues that may arise.
                
Privacy Policy

                  We treat your information with respect. We do not
                  sell or exchange customer data with other parties
                  for their use, but do use all information stemming
                  from interaction with our site to improve our
                  internal performance, marketing, and business
                  development efforts which may include third-party
                  service-providers.
		







Back 

























Bart Holaday - Mdu Resources Group Inc Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsBart HoladayMdu Resources Group Inc (MDU)Director Not RankedBart Holaday's PerformanceBart Holaday has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Mdu Resources Group Inc (MDU)$3MSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesMdu Resources Group Inc (MDU): DirectorSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Mdu Resources Group Inc (MDU)Transaction Type: Informative BuyDates: Mar 01, 2010 - Mar 01, 2011Gain: +5.6%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Bart Holaday's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateMDUMdu Resources Group IncDirector$3,011,516Uninformative Buy$109,973.8Nov 22, 2016Success Rate on Stock1 out of 1 profitable transactions on MDUAverage Profit on StockAverage return per transaction on MDU 5.6% Track Record Showing:All TransactionsInformative TransactionsDateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Nov 22, 2016 Uninformative Buy $110K 3,886 $28.053 N/A  Nov 19, 2015 Uninformative Buy $110K 6,039 $17.09 N/A  Nov 20, 2014 Uninformative Buy $110K 4,340 $23.126 N/A Show MoreSee All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























