

	Tony G. Holcombe Gift to GSU History - Georgia State University


















































HomeContact UsLogin





Search:





Search






 Georgia State UniversityAndrew Young School of Policy StudiesByrdine F. Lewis School of Nursing and Health ProfessionsCollege of Arts & SciencesCollege of EducationCollege of LawHonors CollegeJ. Mack Robinson College of BusinessInstitute of Public HealthPanther Athletic ClubGeorgia State University LibraryRialto Center for the ArtsAlumni AssociationCampus Campaign for Faculty/StaffClass Gift Campaign for StudentsGeorgia State Parents AssociationThe Diversity Funds














About UsThe Foundation BoardAnnual ReportsTax InformationFoundation Policy ManualPrimary ContactsAbout Georgia State UniversityThe Alumni AssociationThe Athletic AssociationFoundation FormsWays to GiveTypes of GiftsGift PlanningGive OnlineGifts by MailGifts by PhoneCorporate and Foundation GivingYour Gift MattersGift OpportunitiesGifts at WorkEvery Gift CountsDonor HighlightsDonor RecognitionFrequently Asked QuestionsEventsEvent CalendarCurrent EventsEvent HighlightsFoundation CommunityEmail PreferencesTake Our Foundation PollGeorgia State Foundation NewsMy Profile







For GSU alum, global solutions start with local connections Tony Holcombe’s love of history paves worldwide tech career and recent scholarship giftTony G. Holcombe’s story of success begins on the printed page, as a first-generation college student at Georgia State University who loved reading about world history. He built a career on the advancing edge of wireless technology and now serves as vice-chairman and board member of Syniverse Holdings, which handles business and network engineering for voice and data around the globe. What he learned through those pages of his history books helped him understand and connect with diverse cultures. Recently, Holcombe gave back through a $650,000 bequest in support of scholarships for history students and business students.“A history degree exposed me to a bigger world and gave me a better appreciation of people, their dynamics and historical trends,” Holcombe (B.A., 1977) said in an interview at his home just outside Tampa. “Plus I didn’t graduate with $100,000 in debt. I could work and pay my way through a good school, but students can’t do that that today, and that’s a huge problem.” “Tony Holcombe’s experience is a fantastic example of how studying history prepares students to work hard and succeed in a global society – no matter what career path they follow after college,” said Michelle Brattain, chair of the GSU Department of History (right). “His gift is going to have a life-changing impact on many students by helping them realize their academic goals and also by inspiring them as their own stories unfold here at GSU." This fall, Holcombe will return to GSU to speak to history students about the importance of that subject to fields outside of education and academia. “I do expect that the talk will be very inspiring to students who have decided to follow their passion and trust that the skills they acquire in a history major will prepare them for success in many fields,” Brattain said. Holcombe grew up in Decatur, went to Columbia High School and remembers his interest in Civil War history piqued by a showing of “Gone With the Wind” at the Fox Theatre. His mother died when he was 15, and GSU was nearby and affordable. “I had about two dozen part-time jobs,” Holcombe said. Similar to generations of GSU students, Holcombe found that working while attending classes gave him experience and confidence while fueling his formidable drive. Reading about history was so engaging that he considered becoming a history professor, but was ultimately pulled more by business opportunities already coming his way as an undergraduate.Holcombe was working for Sears at night, selling maintenance agreements for lawn mowers and refrigerators when the company had an opening for an accounting clerk in the service department. “I had never thought about accounting, but I started taking classes in it, finance and management, enough to get a minor but I never did,” he said. “That all happened because I was at Georgia State, where you could work and go to school.”Another influence at GSU were the Atlanta police officers he met who were getting master’s degrees in criminal justice. “They were grown men, with a serious influence on me about life, that the purpose of going to school was to find work,” Holcombe said. “I really liked the flexibility to work and mature faster, instead of just partying for four years at other colleges. Sports teams weren’t our focus; it was more about working hard.”The heavy reading load for a history major prepared Holcombe for absorbing vast amounts of information and identifying key turning points as he rose in the technology fields. His first overseas trip was about 30 years ago to Barbados to scout a location for a credit card processing center for airlines. He ended up basing the center in Juarez, Mexico, and discovered for himself how different business is done in other countries. “That was the most interesting experience of my life, and I had to deal with all the issues of life there,” he said, describing the challenges of setting up a microwave tower and arranging for on-site medical care for employees. “Starting a company from scratch was the most fun.”His understanding of networks and technology grew as he worked with products and services as diverse as long-haul trucking fuel cards and WebMD. His work travel took him to many countries that as a college student he had only experienced through the written word.  “History helped me and my companies be successful because I didn’t come in as an American,” he said. “I came in with services that would help you in your country and who you are there.” When Holcombe travels, he tries to watch local TV “to get a feel and flavor of the culture.” In Hong Kong, a public service announcement stuck with him: “Life is very hard if you don’t study and do the very best you can. You will have no future in the world.”“Education is the only thing that makes a difference in the world today,” he said. “It’s the key to everything: to prosperity, success, quality of life and happiness. If you’re not educated in today’s world, you are severely disadvantaged.” —By GSU Foundation Writer Michelle Hiskey, (404) 413-3486 





Your Gift Matters






Gift OpportunitiesGifts at WorkEvery Gift CountsDonor HighlightsDonor RecognitionTypes of GiftsFrequently Asked Questions















P.O. Box 3963  |  Atlanta, Georgia 30302-3963  |  (404) 413-3402




About Us|Contact Us|Ways to Give|Your Gift Matters|Events|Foundation Community

































Tony G. Holcombe - Vice Chairman at Syniverse Holdings, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Tony G. Holcombe
Vice Chairman at Syniverse Holdings, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Transactions 


Tony G. Holcombe
Vice Chairman at Syniverse Holdings, Inc.



 Overview



Age



61
                                  (Born 1956)
                                              




Notable Companies


ComData Holdings Corp.

Emdeon Corporation

Emdeon Business Services LLC




Board Seats



6





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 808 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketline Newswire
April 18, 2016





                        Numerex appoints new board member                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Stephen C. Gray

President & Chief Executive Officer at Syniverse Technologies LLC




Stratton J. Nicolaides

Co-Founder at Numerex Corp.





Jeffrey S. Gordon

Chief Executive Officer at RedVector.com, Inc.




Edward Evans

Former Chief Executive Officer & Director at Inteliquent, Inc.





Daniel Mead

Officer & Board of Directors at CTIA - The Wireless Association




Laura Elrod Binion

Senior Vice President & General Counsel at Syniverse Technologies LLC





Robert J. Marino

President at Matrixx Marketing, Inc.




Mary P. Clark

Chief Marketing Officer at Syniverse Technologies LLC





Kristen  Ankerbrandt

Professional at The Carlyle Group LP (Corporate Private Equity)




E. James Constantine

Co-Founder at California Electric Transportation Coalition







See 798 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 798 More 


 


 Paths to Tony G. Holcombe



            Tony G. Holcombe          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Tony G. Holcombe






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Tony G. Holcombe.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Georgia State University

                  Georgia State University (GSU) is a public research university in downtown Atlanta, Georgia, USA. Founded in 1913, it is one of the University System of Georgia's four research universities. It has a student population of 32,022, including 24,096 undergraduates.

Georgia State University offers more than 250 undergraduate and graduate degree programs spread across eight academic colleges with around 3,500 faculty members. Georgia State University is a part of the University System of Georgia and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. GSU is a commuter school with 61% of first-year students living on-campus and 17% of all undergraduates living on campus. Approximately 27% of the student population is considered part-time while 73% of the population is considered full-time. The university is classified as a 'Research University/Very High Activity', according to the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. Since its inception, 192,785 degrees have been conferred, with 6,737 of them conferred during fiscal year 2011. The university has a full-time faculty count of 1,142, with 69 percent of those faculty members either tenured or on tenure track.

GSU has two libraries, University library and Law library, which hold over 4.3 million volumes combined and serve as a federal document depository. The university has an economic impact on the Atlanta economy of more than $1.4 billion annually.                





 Career History



Vice Chairman

                                    2003 - Current                


Syniverse Holdings, Inc.


                  Syniverse Holdings, Inc. provides transaction processing and intelligence solutions enabling seamless mobile communication for mobile network operators. It offers mobile transaction services, such as clearing, processing, and exchanging end-user billing records between MNOs, processing and settling payments between participants in the mobile ecosystem, activating, authenticating and authorizing end-user mobile activities. The company was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Tampa, FL.                




President

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


ComData Holdings Corp.


                  ComData Holdings Corp. provides financial and data transaction services. It offerscredit, debit processing and reporting for commercial fleets and merchants, electronic cash, gift and smartchip card programs for retailers and governmental agencies. The company also provides factoring services and legal and logistical consulting services for trucking companies and faciliates quick fuel ups via its point of sale and pay at the pump technologies. It also offers stored-value, payroll, co-branded and gift card programs and credit and debit card processing for retailers. ComData was founded in 1969 and is located in Brentwood, TN.                




Director of the Company

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Numerex Corp.


                  Numerex Corp. engages in providing business services, technology, and products that are used in the development and support of machine-to-machine solutions for the enterprise and government markets worldwide. It operates through the following segments: U.S. Canada, and Others. The firm offers Numerex DNA, it includes hardware and smart devices, cellular and satellite network services, and software applications that are delivered through Numerex Foundation Application Software Technology. The company was founded by Stratton J. Nicolaides in 1992 and is headquartered in Atlanta, GA.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2003 - Prior                


Syniverse Technologies LLC


                  Syniverse Technologies LLC provides mobile communications services to mobile operators, cable and internet providers and enterprises. It offers connected LTE, intelligent roaming, mobile protection, mobile engagement, mobile reach, and revenue management. The company was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Tampa, FL.                




President

                                    2003 - 2005                


Emdeon Corporation


                  WebMD offers  services to connect physicians, hospitals, pharmacies, insurance providers, and consumers with health care transactions and information retrieval. Its transaction services encompass such tasks as HMO enrollment, referrals, data retrieval, and claims processing; its Medical Manager software helps physicians run their practices.                




Chief Executive Officer

                                    2002 - 2003                


Valutec Card Solutions, Inc.


                  Valutec Card Solutions, Inc., a subsidiary of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., is a company headquartered in Franklin, TN, that provides gift and loyalty card processing services. Frank G. D'Angelo is currently the CEO of the firm. Metavante Corp. acquired Valutec Card Solutions, Inc. on 12 Jan 07.                




Executive Vice President

                                    1997 - 2002                


Ceridian HCM, Inc.


                  Ceridian HCM, Inc. provides technology enabled human resources and payroll processing services. The firm’s products include Human Capital Management, Dayforce HCM, Dayforce global Solutions, small business payroll & HR and Ceridian services. It specializes in tax services, employee benefits administration, corporate wellness and employee assistance, employee retention and recruitment services. The company was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, MN.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    1994 - 1997                


National Processing, Inc.


                  National Processing, Inc. through its wholly owned operating subsidiary, National Processing Co. LLC provided merchant credit and debit card processing services. Its card processing solutions offered service & performance and assisted merchants in lowering their total cost of card acceptance through world-class people, technology and service. The company was headquartered in Louisville, KY.                




President

                                    Prior                


Emdeon Business Services LLC


                  Emdeon Business Services is a leading provider of revenue and payment cycle solutions that connect payers, providers and patients to integrate and automate key business and administrative functions throughout the patient encounter. Through the use of Emdeon's comprehensive suite of products and services, its customers are able to improve efficiency, reduce costs, increase cash flow and more efficiently manage the complex revenue and payment cycle process.                




President

                                    Prior                


Comdata Corp.


                  Comdata TN, Inc. provides electronic payment services. The firm issues and processes fleet, corporate payment, healthcare, virtual card, and prepaid solutions for customers in construction, fleet, healthcare, and retail and hospitality industries globally. Its solutions include virtual payment solutions for adoption of electronic funds transfer in healthcare, payment application solutions for the construction industry to streamline expenses, pay employees, manage fleet and fuel spend, and order permits and pilot cars. The company was founded by Curtiss W. Harter, Jr. in 1969 and is headquartered in Brentwood, TN.                




President-Emdeon Business Services Segment

                                    Prior                


Web MD







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2011 - Current                  


Numerex Corp.

                    Numerex Corp. engages in providing business services, technology, and products that are used in the development and support of machine-to-machine solutions for the enterprise and government markets worldwide. It operates through the following segments: U.S. Canada, and Others. The firm offers Numerex DNA, it includes hardware and smart devices, cellular and satellite network services, and software applications that are delivered through Numerex Foundation Application Software Technology. The company was founded by Stratton J. Nicolaides in 1992 and is headquartered in Atlanta, GA.                  




Board Member

                    2003 - Current                  


Syniverse Technologies LLC

                    Syniverse Technologies LLC provides mobile communications services to mobile operators, cable and internet providers and enterprises. It offers connected LTE, intelligent roaming, mobile protection, mobile engagement, mobile reach, and revenue management. The company was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Tampa, FL.                  




Vice Chairman

                    2003 - Current                  


Syniverse Holdings, Inc.

                    Syniverse Holdings, Inc. provides transaction processing and intelligence solutions enabling seamless mobile communication for mobile network operators. It offers mobile transaction services, such as clearing, processing, and exchanging end-user billing records between MNOs, processing and settling payments between participants in the mobile ecosystem, activating, authenticating and authorizing end-user mobile activities. The company was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Tampa, FL.                  




Director

                    2002 - 2007                  


Equifax Workforce Solutions

                    TALX Corp. provides human resources and payroll business process outsourcing services. The firm's services include employment verification, unemployment tax management, paperless pay, on boarding, and learning solutions. It also offers electronic time capture and w-2 management. The company was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in St. Louis, MO.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Advisory Board

                    Current                  


Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business

                    J. Mack Robinson College of Business is the business school of Georgia State University in Atlanta. It is one of Georgia State's six colleges. Robinson College began as the Georgia Tech Evening School of Commerce in 1913. After being moved to downtown Atlanta in 1914, the college continued to grow. In 1955, it was renamed the Georgia State College of Business Administration. In 1998, the college was renamed the J. Mack Robinson College of Business in honor of J. Mack Robinson, an Atlanta entrepreneur, businessman and philanthropist                  




Director

                    Prior                  


CTIA - The Wireless Association

                    CTIA- The Wireless Association is an international nonprofit membership organization that has represented the wireless communications industry since 1984. Membership in the association includes wireless carriers and their suppliers, as well as providers and manufacturers of wireless data services and products.                  





 Political Donations



$1,100

                  2006                


Marsha Blackburn


                  Representative from Tennessee's 7th Congressional District                




$1,000

                  2005                


Marsha Blackburn


                  Representative from Tennessee's 7th Congressional District                




$500

                  2004                


Marsha Blackburn


                  Representative from Tennessee's 7th Congressional District                




$300

                  2003                


National Republican Congressional Committee


                  The National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC) is the Republican Hill committee which works to elect Republicans to the United States House of Representatives.

The NRCC was formed in 1866, when the Republican caucuses of the House and Senate formed a "Congressional Committee". It supports the election of Republicans to the House through direct financial contributions to candidates and Republican Party organizations; technical and research assistance to Republican candidates and Party organizations; voter registration, education and turnout programs; and other Party-building activities.                




$1,000

                  2002                


Marsha Blackburn


                  Representative from Tennessee's 7th Congressional District                






See 2 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2 More 






 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  The Carlyle Group LP (Corporate Private Equity) purchases Syniverse Holdings, Inc.                                     




 Details Hidden



                  Syniverse Holdings, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Syniverse Technologies LLC purchases Billing Services Group /Wireless Services Operations (2) from Billing Services Group Ltd.                                    





 Other Affiliations




              Tony G. Holcombe is affiliated with
                            Syniverse Holdings, Inc., ComData Holdings Corp., Numerex Corp., Syniverse Technologies LLC, Emdeon Corporation, Valutec Card Solutions, Inc., Ceridian HCM, Inc., National Processing, Inc., Emdeon Business Services LLC, Comdata Corp., Web MD, Numerex Corp., Syniverse Technologies LLC, Syniverse Holdings, Inc., Equifax Workforce Solutions, Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business, CTIA - The Wireless Association.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Tony G Holcombe - Tampa, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Tony G Holcombe in Tampa, FL


Tony G Holcombe

                                                                           Intelius found that Tony G Holcombe  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Tampa, FL.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Tony Gene Holcombe


Get Report Now

Age

Tony G Holcombe is in his 60s

Tony Has Lived In

Tampa, FL
Louisville, KY
Minneapolis, MN

Tony's Relatives

Pamela Holcombe
Ben Holcombe
Chris Holcombe







Tony G Holcombe



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Managing Director at Syniverse Holdings, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Tony? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Tony, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Tony G Holcombe
Get a Criminal Check on Tony G Holcombe
Get a Public Record Report on Tony G Holcombe
Get a People Search Report on Tony G Holcombe


Tony G Holcombe's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Tony G Holcombe has lived as well as Tony G Holcombe's phone numbers and email addresses.




Tony G Holcombe Has Lived in 4 States
Florida Address for Tony G Holcombe


16305 M***** D* A**** 

Tampa, FL


Has Lived In

Tampa, FL
Louisville, KY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Tony G Holcombe

(615) ***-**** - Tampa, FL 
(813) ***-**** - Tampa, FL 
(615) ***-**** - Franklin, TN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Tony G Holcombe

t***********e@***.com
j*********l@***.com
t*******e@***.com


Get Email Report




Tony G Holcombe's Professional Information
Information regarding Tony G Holcombe's professional history.  Find out previous places Tony G Holcombe has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Tony G Holcombe Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Syniverse Holdings, Inc.
               Title: Managing Director
Company: Syniverse Holdings, Inc.
               Title: President & Chief Executive Officer
Tony G Holcombe's Experience
Title: Managing Director
               Company: Syniverse Holdings, Inc.
Job Details

Title: President & Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Syniverse Holdings, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on Tony G Holcombe

 See Tony G Holcombe's LinkedIn Profile



Tony G Holcombe's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Tony G Holcombe


Tony G Holcombe's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Tony G Holcombe's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Tony Holcombe
Username Matches

                  TonyHolcombe
                  HolcombeTony
                  Tony.Holcombe
                  Holcombe.Tony
                  Tony_Holcombe
                  Holcombe_Tony
                  Tony-Holcombe
                  Holcombe-Tony
                  THolcombe
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Holcombe







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Tony Holcombe, Syniverse Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





























Feedback





Tony Holcombe

Vice Chairman,
Syniverse Corp






Career History




Director
Syniverse Technologies Financial Clearing Ltd, 12/2007-PRESENT


Vice Chairman
Syniverse Corp, PRESENT


Advisor
J. Mack Robinson College of Business, PRESENT


Vice Chairman
Syniverse Technologies Inc, PRESENT


President/CEO
Syniverse Technologies Inc, 1/2006-7/2011


President/CEO
Syniverse Holdings Inc, 1/2006-7/2011


President
Webmd Corp, 10/2004-11/2005


Pres:Emdeon Business Services
Webmd Corp, 12/2003-10/2004


Chairman/CEO
Valutec Card Solutions, 9/2002-12/2003


President
Ceridian Employer/Employee Services, 5/1999-9/2002


Pres:Comdata Subsidiary
Ceridian Corp, 5/1997-5/1999


Chief Executive Officer
Syniverse Technologies Inc, 1/2006-UNKNOWN


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Georgia State University
Bachelor's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




Syniverse Corp


Vice Chairman, PRESENT




Syniverse Technologies Inc


Vice Chairman, PRESENT




Numerex Corp


Board Member, 10/2011-UNKNOWN FUTURE DATE




Syniverse Holdings Inc


Vice Chairman, 7/2011-PRESENT




Talx Corp


Board Member, 12/2002-5/2007




Valutec Card Solutions


Chairman, 9/2002-12/2003




Usi Holdings Corp


Board Member, FORMER




Syniverse Holdings Inc


Board Member, 3/2003-UNKNOWN



Show More





Other Memberships




Wireless Foundation


Board Member




Ctia


Board Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Insider Trading - Holcombe Tony G - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Holcombe Tony G





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2015-11-10Purchase
2015-11-124:13 pm
Numerex Corp
NMRX
Holcombe Tony GDirector
11,800
$6.26
$73,868
95,350(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-09-30Option Award
2016-10-042:27 pm
N/AN/A
Numerex Corp
NMRX
Holcombe Tony GDirector
1,382
$7.78
112,732(Direct)
View


2016-07-27Option Award
2016-07-2911:49 am
N/AN/A
Numerex Corp
NMRX
Holcombe Tony GDirector
16,000
$0
111,350(Direct)
View


2015-11-09Option Award
2015-11-102:05 pm
N/AN/A
Numerex Corp
NMRX
Holcombe Tony GDirector
7,839
$6.33
83,550(Direct)
View


2015-07-29Option Award
2015-07-3109:27 am
N/AN/A
Numerex Corp
NMRX
Holcombe Tony GDirector
15,100
$0
75,711(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sun, 23 Jul 2017 04:54:55 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








   Tony Holcombe | Emdeon Corporation | ZoomInfo.com











Tony Holcombe  |  Board of Directors  |  Syniverse


























Syniverse - We make mobile work
Menu


Contact Sales
















Home
Company
About Syniverse
Leadership Team




Print this page
Share this page







Leadership Team




< Back to Leadership Team

Tony Holcombe – Vice Chairman



Tony G. Holcombe has been a member of Syniverse’s Board of Directors since 2003 and led the company’s operations as president and CEO from 2006 to 2011. During his time as CEO, Mr. Holcombe’s many accomplishments included diversifying the business through several key acquisitions; defining a strategic vision that transformed Syniverse from a North American roaming and clearing house provider to a leading global provider of technology and business services to the mobile industry; and solidifying The Carlyle Group as the company’s single investor in January 2011 for $2.6 billion. Before becoming Syniverse’s President and CEO, Mr. Holcombe served as president of Emdeon Corp., formerly WebMD, and as president of Emdeon Business Services. Mr. Holcombe has more than 20 years of executive-level experience in the transaction processing and technology services industry. He was chief executive officer of Valutec Card Solutions and served in various executive positions at Ceridian Corporation, including executive vice president of Ceridian Corporation, president of Ceridian Employer Employee Services and president of Comdata. Mr. Holcombe received his bachelor’s degree from Georgia State University, where he currently serves on the Board of Advisors for the Robinson College of Business.

























Leadership Team | About Us | Syniverse


























Syniverse - We make mobile work
Menu


Contact Sales
















Home
Company
About Syniverse
Leadership Team




Print this page
Share this page







Leadership Team






Syniverse Team


Stephen C. Gray – President and Chief Executive Officer





A member of the Syniverse Board of Directors since January 2011, Stephen C. Gray serves as the company's President and Chief Executive Officer. With more than 25 years of experience in the telecommunication industry, Mr. Gray is the Founder of Gray Venture Partners, LLC, and he serves as the Chairman of ImOn Communications, LLC, SecurityCoverage, Inc., Involta, LLC, and HH Ventures, LLC (d/b/a, ReadyMobile). In addition to Syniverse, he is a member of the Board of Directors for CommScope, which is a portfolio company of The Carlyle Group, one of the world's premier and most successful private equity firms. Mr. Gray also previously served as an Operating Executive with Carlyle's Global Telecommunications, Media and Technology Group. Previously, Mr. Gray served in leadership positions at McLeodUSA, MCI, and TelecomUSA. Mr. Gray earned his Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Tennessee. In 2014, he was recognized for his leadership in mobile by being named a member of the prestigious Global Telecoms Business Power 100 list and appointed to the CTIA-The Wireless Association's executive committee.



Laura E. Binion – General Counsel and Senior Vice President





Laura E. Binion joined Syniverse as general counsel and senior vice president in June 2008. She brings more than 25 years of experience in corporate legal affairs to Syniverse. Most recently, she served as executive vice president and general counsel for CheckFree Corporation, a leading provider of financial electronic commerce services and products that was acquired in December 2007 by Fiserv Inc. Ms. Binion also held key roles with Verizon Wireless, GTE Wireless and Contel Cellular. She earned her law degree from the University of Georgia School of Law and her bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Georgia.



Mary Clark – Chief Corporate Relations Officer and Chief of Staff





As Chief Corporate Relations Officer and Chief of Staff, Mary Clark leads Syniverse’s global external and internal communications, which includes managing all public relations functions and serving as the company’s primary spokesperson, and she also oversees cross-functional alignment across Syniverse’s business. Previously, she was Chief Marketing Officer and also served as Senior Vice President, Next-Generation Roaming Services and Standards, and Senior Vice President, Roaming. Prior to joining Syniverse, in a career in mobile that has spanned more than 20 years, she held several executive-level positions at MACH, CTIA-The Wireless Association, Cibernet and Cellular One. Within the mobile industry, Ms. Clark is an Associate Director for the Competitive Carriers Association, is on the board for CTIA Wireless Foundation, and also serves on the CMO Council North America Advisory Board. She also speaks frequently on industry topics and has presented at such conferences as Mobile World Congress, and her insights have been featured in such publications as Global  Telecoms Business. Among her many accolades, Ms. Clark most  recently was named to the National Diversity Council’s 2016 “Top  50 Most Powerful Women in Technology” list and Mobile Marketer’s “Mobile Women to  Watch 2016” list. She holds a Bachelor of Arts in communications  from the University of Delaware.



Tim Moss – Chief Operating Officer





Tim Moss is Syniverse’s Chief Operating Officer and leads the company’s global strategy, sales and operations. Mr. Moss brings over 25 years of experience in executive-level positions in the technology industry, at both large companies as well as startups and entrepreneurial ventures. Prior to Syniverse, he served as Founder and CEO of IMG Venture Group, and led the growth and development of rising companies. Before this role, Mr. Moss was Senior Vice President, Head of Engagement Practices, North America, at Ericsson for five years, and he led the launch of a new organization responsible for the development of new sales channels and customer services. Previously, he founded and was CEO for Integrity Management Group, a technology and operations consulting firm, which he led for 10 years, and, earlier, he held several C-level and other executive positions at technology companies including InComm, PRE Solutions, Daleen Technologies, Powertel and InterCel. Mr. Moss holds a bachelor’s degree in political science from Texas A&M University.



Norris Powell – Chief Human Resources Officer




Norris Powell was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) in January 2017 and oversees Syniverse’s 2,300-plus employees at locations in over 30 countries around the world. In leading Syniverse’s global human resources organization, Mr. Powell brings more than 20 years of experience in senior leadership positions. Before Syniverse, he most recently served as Vice President of Human Resources at CSM Bakery Solutions, a provider of bakery ingredients, finished products, and services with 8,500 employees. In addition, Mr. Powell previously served as Corporate Vice President of Human Resources at B/E Aerospace, and in senior human resources roles with Acergy (now SubSea 7), and Alstom. Mr. Powell is a graduate of De Montfort University in the U.K. and holds a degree in human resources management.



Bob Reich – Chief Financial Officer





Robert (Bob) Reich joined Syniverse in 2015 and serves as the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Reich brings more than 25 years of financial management experience and has held a number of senior positions with leading private-equity sponsored and public companies. He most recently was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hawaiian Telcom Communications, leading all aspects of financial operations for the company. Mr. Reich has served in numerous financial leadership positions, including roles with McLeodUSA, Wisconsin Central Transportation Corporation, and Deloitte & Touche. He is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Carthage College.



Chris Rivera – Chief Technology Officer





Chris Rivera serves as Syniverse’s Chief Technology Officer, responsible for the company’s global information, technology, and security operations, including network and data center operations, information security, desktop support, and customer support. His career includes more than 24 years of leadership roles in technology operations, product management, and communication for technology companies and government institutions. Most recently, Mr. Rivera served in a variety of senior roles at Cisco Systems, including Managing Director, Chief Technology Officer, Americas Mobile and Web Providers; Senior Director, Product Line Management, Routing Technology Group; and Director, Product Line Management, Optical Networking. Prior to Cisco, he was a Product Manager at Cerent Corporation, as well as a Marketing Manager at DSC Communications (acquired by Alcatel in 1998), and he served on the Advisory Board of Joyent, a cloud services company (acquired by Samsung in 2016). He began his career as an Operations and Electronic Systems Officer in the U.S. Navy, for which he served for five years and last held the rank of Lieutenant. Mr. Rivera has a bachelor’s degree from the U.S. Naval Academy and completed coursework at the University of California at San Diego.



Jeff White – Group Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer





As Group Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer, Jeff White is responsible for driving all of Syniverse’s revenue generation, including overseeing its global sales organization. Mr. White joined Syniverse in 2016 and brings more than 25 years of experience in telecommunication. Prior to Syniverse, he served as Chief Revenue Officer for Extreme Networks, and he previously served in a variety of leadership roles over 17 years with Cisco, including President of India; Senior Vice President, Service Provider, for Asia Pacific; and Sales Director for AT&T. Earlier, he served in senior positions with Ameritech and Anixter. Mr. White holds a B.S. in business administration from the University of Phoenix and an MBA in international business from the University of Texas at Dallas. He has served on the executive council for the National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM), India’s technology industry association, and he also volunteers frequently with charities, including with Habitat for Humanity on projects throughout the world, and with Akshaya Patra, a nonprofit helping provide meals to school children in India.







Board of Directors


Stephen Gray – President and Chief Executive Officer





A member of the Syniverse Board of Directors since January 2011, Stephen C. Gray serves as the company’s President and Chief Executive Officer. With more than 25 years of experience in the telecommunication industry, Mr. Gray is the Founder of Gray Venture Partners, LLC, and he serves as the Chairman of ImOn Communications, LLC, SecurityCoverage, Inc., Involta, LLC, and HH Ventures, LLC (d/b/a, ReadyMobile). In addition to Syniverse, he is a member of the Board of Directors for CommScope, which is a portfolio company of The Carlyle Group, one of the world’s premier and most successful private equity firms. Mr. Gray also previously served as an Operating Executive with Carlyle’s Global Telecommunications, Media and Technology Group. Previously, Mr. Gray served in leadership positions at McLeodUSA, MCI, and TelecomUSA. Mr. Gray earned his Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Tennessee. In 2014, he was recognized for his leadership in mobile by being named a member of the prestigious Global Telecoms Business Power 100 list and appointed to the CTIA-The Wireless Association’s executive committee.



James A. Attwood – Chairman of the Board





James A. Attwood, Jr. joined The Carlyle Group in November 2000 as a Managing Director and head of the Global Telecommunications and Media group based in New York. Under Mr. Attwood's leadership, Carlyle has committed more than $8.5 billion of equity in telecom and media investments globally since 2001. Mr. Attwood serves as a member of the Boards of Directors of CoreSite Realty, Insight Communications and The Nielsen Company. Prior to joining Carlyle, Mr. Attwood served as Executive Vice President for Strategy, Development and Planning at Verizon Communications, Inc. At Verizon (and GTE prior to that), he was responsible for the oversight of all strategic planning, alliances, ventures, corporate strategy, development and M&A activities. He was a key player in several industry-shaping transactions including the merger of Bell Atlantic and GTE (creating Verizon) and the creation of Verizon Wireless (a joint venture among GTE, Bell Atlantic and Vodafone Airtouch). Prior to his four years at Verizon and GTE, Mr. Attwood served as an investment banker at Goldman, Sachs & Co. for 11 years, working in both the New York and Tokyo offices. Mr. Attwood graduated summa cum laude from Yale University in 1980 with a B.A. in applied mathematics and an M.A. in statistics. In 1985, he received both J.D. and M.B.A. degrees from Harvard University.



Tony Holcombe – Vice Chairman





Tony G. Holcombe has been a member of Syniverse’s Board of Directors since 2003 and led the company’s operations as president and CEO from 2006 to 2011. During his time as CEO, Mr. Holcombe’s many accomplishments included diversifying the business through several key acquisitions; defining a strategic vision that transformed Syniverse from a North American roaming and clearing house provider to a leading global provider of technology and business services to the mobile industry; and solidifying The Carlyle Group as the company’s single investor in January 2011 for $2.6 billion. Before becoming Syniverse’s President and CEO, Mr. Holcombe served as president of Emdeon Corp., formerly WebMD, and as president of Emdeon Business Services. Mr. Holcombe has more than 20 years of executive-level experience in the transaction processing and technology services industry. He was chief executive officer of Valutec Card Solutions and served in various executive positions at Ceridian Corporation, including executive vice president of Ceridian Corporation, president of Ceridian Employer Employee Services and president of Comdata. Mr. Holcombe received his bachelor’s degree from Georgia State University, where he currently serves on the Board of Advisors for the Robinson College of Business.



Kristen Ankerbrandt – Director





Appointed to the Board of Directors in 2014, Kristen Ankerbrandt is a Principal in the U.S. Buyout Fund at The Carlyle Group focused on investment opportunities in the telecommunications, media and technology sectors. At Carlyle, she is responsible for sourcing, executing and managing leveraged buyouts and growth equity investments in the TMT sector globally. Prior to taking her position at Carlyle in 2007, Ms. Ankerbrandt held positions at Goldman, Sachs & Co. in the telecommunications and media investment banking group, private equity firm Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill & Co., and Amazon. Ms. Ankerbrandt received a bachelor’s degree in economics from Columbia University and a master’s degree in business administration from the Harvard Business School.



Kevin L. Beebe – Director





Since November 2007, Kevin L. Beebe has been President and Chief Executive Officer of 2BPartners LLC, a partnership that provides strategic, financial and operational advice to investors and management. Previously, he was Group President of Operations at ALLTEL Corporation, a telecommunications services company, from 1998 to 2007. From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Beebe served as Executive Vice President of Operations for 360° Communications Co., a wireless communications company. Prior to 1996, he worked for Sprint Corporation and ATT/Southwestern Bell. Mr. Beebe also has been a director of Skyworks Solutions Inc., a semiconductor company, since 2004; SBA Communications, a wireless tower service company, since 2009; Nextel International, a wireless carrier, since 2010; and Logix, a facilities-based communications services provider, since 2016. In addition, he has been a Founding Partner and Senior Operations Adviser for Astra Capital Management since 2014.



Laura Desmond – Director





Laura Desmond was named to the Board of Directors in 2017 and brings experience from a nearly 30-year career in marketing and media in a variety of senior leadership roles. In her last position, as Chief Revenue Officer of Publicis Groupe, she helped lead one of the largest marketing and communication companies in the world, with more than 77,000 employees in over 100 countries. Prior to that role, Ms. Desmond became one of the youngest CEOs to lead a global marketing services company when she was named to that role for Starcom MediaVest Group in 2008. In addition to overseeing a staff of over 6,000 members in more than 100 offices, she more than doubled the size of the Starcom MediaVest Group network while partnering on the marketing and communication strategies for a number of leading global brands. Previously, she served as CEO, Starcom MediaVest Group, Americas; CEO, MediaVest; and CEO, Starcom MediaVest Group, Latin America. Ms. Desmond started her career at advertising agency Leo Burnett. She holds a bachelor’s degree in business from the University of Iowa.



Julius Genachowski – Director





Appointed to the Board of Directors in 2014, Julius Genachowski is a Managing Director in the U.S. Buyout team for The Carlyle Group, and a long-time leader in technology, media and telecommunications. Mr. Genachowski served as Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission from 2009 to 2013 and, under his leadership, the FCC took major actions to extend broadband access, accelerate the rollout of advanced mobile networks, and free up spectrum for wireless communications. Prior to his appointment to the FCC, Mr. Genachowski worked for more than a decade in the private sector, helping build IAC/InterActiveCorp, which owned and operated multiple Internet and media businesses, including Expedia, Ticketmaster and USA Network. During this period, Businessweek named Genachowski one of 25 “managers to watch” in the media sector. Mr. Genachowski has served as a board member and adviser to several public and private companies, been a Senior Fellow at the Aspen Institute, and taught a joint class at Harvard Business School and Law School. He holds a bachelor’s degree from Columbia College, a part of Columbia University, and a law degree from Harvard Law School, where he served on the Harvard Law Review.



Mark J. Johnson – Director





Mark J. Johnson became a director of the Company in January 2011. He is the co-founder and serves as Managing Partner at Astra Capital Management, a private equity firm that primarily invests in communications and technology sectors. Prior to founding Astra Capital Management, Mr. Johnson was a Managing Director in the U.S. Buyout Fund at Carlyle where he was responsible for sourcing, executing and managing leveraged buyouts and growth equity investments in the communications sector globally. Prior to joining Carlyle, Mr. Johnson was a member of the private equity team at the Blackstone Group where he executed private equity investments in an array of industries. Mr. Johnson has also worked at JH Whitney & Co., Level (3) Communications and Merrill Lynch. Mr. Johnson served as a member of the Obama ‘08 Telecommunications, Media & Technology Policy Group and both the Technology, Innovation and Government Reform (TIGR) and Commodity Futures Trading Commission Agency Review transition teams. Mr. Johnson is a graduate of Princeton University and received a master’s degree in business administration from the Harvard Business School. Mr. Johnson has served as a member of the board of directors of Insight Communications, TRW Automotive Holdings and the governing board of St. Albans School.



Dan Mead – Director





Appointed to the Syniverse Board of Directors in 2016, Dan Mead previously served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Verizon Wireless until his announced retirement, following 37 years with the company.
  
Mead is one of the founding senior executives of Verizon Wireless, the largest wireless company in the United States. As President and Chief Executive Officer, he had responsibility for the company’s growth, financial performance, and public policy advocacy. Mead has also held several senior positions in Verizon’s parent company, including President and CEO of its FiOS and wireline operations nationwide.
   
Mead was a member of the Verizon Foundation Board, former Chairman of the Board of Directors of CTIA, the wireless industry’s national trade organization, and a member of the Board of Trustees of the Pennsylvania State University. He also serves on the board of directors for Terrestar.
   
Mead earned an MBA and a bachelor’s degree in Quantitative Business Analysis and Finance from Penn State University. An Alumni Fellow, Mead received the Penn State Distinguished Alumni Award, the highest honor given to a graduate by the University.



Raymond Ranelli – Director





Raymond Ranelli retired from PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) in 2003 where he was a partner for over 21 years. Mr. Ranelli held several positions at PwC including Audit Partner, Transaction Services Partner, Managing Partner of the Washington D.C. Regional Offices and Vice Chairman and Global Leader of the Financial Advisory Services practice with operations in twenty countries.
Mr. Ranelli is now a Senior Advisor to Welsh, Carson, Andersen and Stowe (“WCAS”) where his responsibilities include ensuring best practices on Audit Committees. Since his retirement Mr. Ranelli has served as chairman of eight different Audit Committees, both public and private, for portfolio companies of the Carlyle Group and WCAS.

Mr. Ranelli has held executive positions in several charitable and community organizations. He received Lifetime Achievement Awards from the Leukemia and the National Kidney Associations.


















WebMD Health Corp - WebMD Envoy Names Tony Holcombe President










 






 Print page  
       Email page 
        
       
        
            Download PDF

« Previous Release | Next Release »



WebMD Envoy Names Tony Holcombe President

    ELMWOOD PARK, N.J., Dec. 9 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- WebMD Corporation
(Nasdaq: HLTH) announced today that Tony G. Holcombe will be joining WebMD
Envoy as its President, effective December 15, 2003. Mr. Holcombe will be
responsible for the entire WebMD Envoy business unit. WebMD Envoy provides
outsourced reimbursement cycle management services to healthcare payers and
providers.
    Mr. Holcombe has an impressive, 24-year track record in transaction
processing and financial services in both public and private companies. Mr.
Holcombe was President of Ceridian Employer Services, the $800 million
division of Ceridian Corporation (NYSE: CEN), a leading information services
company. Prior to that, he served as President of Ceridian's Comdata
transaction and information services division. Before joining Ceridian, Mr.
Holcombe served in several management positions at National Processing
Company (NYSE: NAP), where he supervised nearly every unit in the company before being
named CEO and President. Most recently, he served as CEO of Valutec Card
Solutions, a privately-held financial service provider offering comprehensive
electronic products to a variety of industries.
    "We are very pleased to welcome Tony to the WebMD Envoy team. His
leadership skills and experience will be invaluable given the emerging
convergence of healthcare benefits, transaction processing and financial
services," said Roger C. Holstein, CEO of WebMD Corporation. "As President of
WebMD Envoy, Tony will provide the strategic guidance and daily leadership
necessary to achieve our growth objectives."
    Mr. Holcombe stated: "I am excited to join WebMD Envoy at this important
time in its evolution. The integration of the Company's recently completed and
planned acquisitions will be critical to the success of WebMD Envoy. I look
forward to working with a talented management team, helping to integrate their
core assets, and ultimately capitalizing upon the structural shifts occurring
in the healthcare services marketplace."
    Thomas P. Apker, CEO of WebMD Envoy, will work with Mr. Holcombe to
provide a smooth transition and then become Special Advisor to Roger C.
Holstein, WebMD's Chief Executive Officer.
    ABOUT WEBMD
    WebMD Corporation provides services that help physicians, consumers,
providers and health plans navigate the complexity of the healthcare system.
Our products and services streamline administrative and clinical processes,
promote efficiency and reduce costs by facilitating information exchange,
communication and electronic transactions between healthcare participants.
    WebMD Health is a leading provider of online information, educational
services and communities for physicians and consumers. WebMD Practice Services
is a leading provider of physician practice management software and related
services.  WebMD Envoy provides outsourced reimbursement cycle management
services to healthcare payers and providers.
    Porex is a developer, manufacturer and distributor of proprietary porous
and solid plastic products and components used in healthcare, industrial and
consumer applications.
    All statements contained in this press release, other than statements of
historical fact, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on
WebMD's current plans and expectations and involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual future events or results to be different from those
described in or implied by such forward-looking statements.  These risks and
uncertainties include those relating to:  market acceptance of products and
services; profit potential of strategic and customer relationships; and
economic conditions and regulatory matters.  Further information about these
matters can be found in WebMD's Securities and Exchange Commission filings.
WebMD expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-
looking statements.

SOURCE  WebMD Corporation
CONTACT:  
Investors - Risa Fisher, 201-414-2002, rfisher@webmd.net, or
Media -Jennifer Meyer, 212-624-3912, jmeyer@webmd.net, both of WebMD
Web site:  http://www.webmd.com
			 
			

Close window | Back to top


  










 
 Syniverse Holdings Inc., Tony G. Holcombe, tholcombe@syniverse.com 























  A publisher of Business Information since 1983    



  









 
            





Search Business
		    
				Search Executive
		    

        

  Advanced Search








 
                 




 | 
		 
						
   							Sign In
   					
			 | 
	    Hints





    







Company Name
Syniverse Holdings Inc.
 
 














 Address

	        
				
						8125 Highwoods Palm Way		        	
				
									        	
					
							
						
	        
					
			
					
					 	
					 		Tampa,
					 		
					 
					 
					 
					
           					 FL
           			
	    			
	    			
         					33647
         					
	    				
	    			
	    					
	    				
	    			
	    			         		
	    			
	    				
	       				 United States
						         
				



Email
  N/A
Phone
 1-813-637-5000


Website


							        www.syniverse.com
							        

Fax

							         1-813-637-5881














            Summary            
      Executive Details      
       Financial Details       
       Board Members       
     Stock Ownership     
Subsidiaries









Business Information
															The group�s principle activity is to provide technology services. The group�s services includes seamless voice, roaming, short message services, multimedia messaging services, caller id, number portability and wireless video services. In the year 2006, the group acquired Perfect Profits International. The group operates from the United States and other foreign countries.    
															






                       
																Executive Information                                                                
															



																Name

																Title
															

																Email
															

Robert MarinoChmn. AvailableLeigh HennenChief Human Resources Officer AvailablePaul WilcockCTO AvailableDavid HitchcockCFO, Exec. VP AvailableDon WilkinsVP - Systems Development, Supp Available

 
												




																Financial 
                                                                Information
                                                             ( All figures in $ '000 ) 



															  	Year

															  	Sales

															  	Net Income

2006 337,01989,7242005 341,7919,8042004 332,40315,063
																
																   

 
											
										
										  

TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW
TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW



Click for more Executives 




















       Financial Summary       
        Income Statement        
         Balance Sheet         
         Cash Flows         
          Ratios          







































                                              FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLYCLICK HERE TO
                                              
                                              SUBSCRIBE NOW









































           
 
 
Home   |   About Us   |   Product Information    |   Subscription   |  List Builder    |  Executive List    |   Email Lists      |  Contact Us   |   Site Map   |  
 Browse Directory    




 

 &nbsp   ©
 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.

  



