

Shane Hollmer: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:18 AM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of Adesto Technologies Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Shane   Hollmer  Co-Founder and Vice President of Engineering, Adesto Technologies CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 1 different industries.49--
Background

		Mr. Shane Hollmer co-founded Adesto Technologies Corporation, Inc., in January 2006 and has been its Vice President of Engineering since April 2007. Mr. Hollmer has more than 19 years of experience in the semiconductor memory industry including engineering and engineering management positions at Advanced Micro Devices, Emosyn, Silicon Storage Technology and Monolithic Power Systems. He holds more than 50 patents the areas of non-volatile memory development and mixed ... signal design. He earned a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences from the University of California, Berkeley and an MBA from San Jose State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3600 Peterson WaySanta Clara, California 95054United StatesPhone: 408-400-0578Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BS University of CaliforniaMBA San Jose State University
Other Affiliations
University of CaliforniaSan Jose State University


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationStephen  Sanghi CEO & ChairmanMicrochip Technology Incorporated$670.1KCarlo  Bozotti President, CEO & Chairman of the Management BoardSTMicroelectronics N.V.$860.5KSanjay  Mehrotra President, CEO & DirectorMicron Technology, Inc.--Miin Chyou Wu Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerMacronix International Co., Ltd.$113.0KYu-Cheng  Chiao Chairman & CEOWinbond Electronics Corporation$7.1MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2017.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Adesto Technologies Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Leadership  |  Adesto













































 








 




LeadershipPresident & Chief Executive OfficerNarbeh DerhacobianNarbeh Derhacobian is a co-founder, President and CEO of Adesto Technologies. He has over 17 years of industry experience working on discrete and embedded memory technologies. He has held technical and managerial roles at SST, AMD, Virage Logic and Cswitch Corporations. Narbeh’s industrial experiences cover development and commercialization of split-gate NOR flash, ETOX NOR and NAND flash as well as SONOS based MirrorBit NOR flash technologies. He has over 40 granted patents in various areas of semiconductor memories. Narbeh has a PhD in Solid State Physics from UCLA, and an MBA from San Jose State University.Vice President, Business DevelopmentIshai NavehIshai Naveh is a co-founder and the Vice President of Business Development for Adesto Technologies. In his role, he is responsible for forging partnerships, securing licensing agreements and developing new business opportunities. Previously Mr. Naveh, was the VP of Marketing for Non-volatile Memories and Mixed Signal Technologies at Tower Semiconductor USA. Prior to arriving in the USA, he was Senior Director for foundry technologies at Tower. Mr. Naveh began his career at National Semiconductor, holding several positions in the USA and Israel. Mr. Naveh holds a B.Sc. from the Hebrew University and MBA from Heriott-Watt University. He has published several papers and issued over 10 patents.Vice President of EngineeringShane HollmerShane Hollmer is a co-founder of Adesto Technologies and currently serves as their Vice President of Engineering. Mr. Hollmer has more than 19 years of experience in the semiconductor memory industry including engineering and engineering management positions at Advanced Micro Devices, Emosyn, Silicon Storage Technology, and Monolithic Power Systems. Mr. Hollmer earned a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences from the University of California, Berkeley and a MBA from San Jose State University. Shane holds more than 50 patents the areas of non-volatile memory development and mixed signal design.Chief Financial OfficerRon SheltonRon Shelton is Chief Financial Officer at Adesto Technologies. Mr. Shelton has more than 18 years experience as a Chief Financial Officer for companies ranging from privately held start ups to public companies with revenues in excess of $900 million, including Cirrus Logic, Alliance Semiconductor, GigOptix, Alien Technology and others. During his career Mr. Shelton has successfully completed transactions with an aggregate value in excess of $1 billion, including public and private equity and debt financings, mergers and acquisitions, licensing, joint ventures and divestitures. In addition to finance, at various points in his career Mr. Shelton has directed and managed world wide teams in legal, risk management, human resources and information technology. Ron has a B.A. in Economics from Stanford University.Vice President, Discrete Products GroupJanet WangJanet Wang is Vice President of the Discrete Products Group responsible for Flash memory products production, roadmap, and strategy. Prior to this position, Dr. Wang was Vice President of CBRAM Technology Development responsible for building and leading a world caliber team of engineers and technologists who helped pioneer and introduce the World’s first CBRAM products into the market. Dr. Wang has over 19 years of industry experience spanning product and technology development, strategy and roadmap, manufacturing, and business leadership bringing multiple novel technologies and products to the market. Prior to joining Adesto, she held managerial and engineering positions at Broadcom Corporation, Transmeta Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices, and Aerospace Corporation. Dr. Wang has authored and co-authored over 35 U.S. patents and technical papers. She was awarded the Best Paper at IRPS and has served on various program committees of technical conferences. Dr. Wang received her PhD degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles.Vice President,  CBRAM Technology Research and DevelopmentVenkatesh (“P.G.”) GopinathVenkatesh (“P.G.”) Gopinath is Vice President of CBRAM Technology Research and Development. He has over 17 years of industry experience working on novel memory and semiconductor logic technology development and manufacturing. He has held engineering and managerial positions at LSI Logic Corp, Sun Microsystems and Innovative Silicon. PG’s industrial experiences cover development and commercialization of AMG Flash, several logic technology nodes and Z-RAM vertical floating body memory technology. He holds more than 20 patents and has over 40 publications in the areas of semiconductor fabrication, memory and logic technologies. P.G. received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering at Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI and an MBA focusing on managing technology and innovation from Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, California.Vice President, Worldwide SalesTom SpadeTom Spade is vice president of worldwide sales, responsible for all customer operations and relationship management, as well as sales and distribution strategies for Adesto. An experienced sales leader, Spade was previously vice president of global sales  at Audience, and at Boston-Power. Prior to that, he served as vice president of global sales at Validity. He also spent nine years at Synaptics, most recently as vice president of worldwide sales, supporting efforts to grow the company from $25MM in revenues, prior to its initial public offering (IPO), to over $300MM.

Earlier in his career, he held senior sales positions at Alliance Semiconductor, Anthem Electronics, Arrow Electronics, and also Andersen Consulting. Spade holds a bachelor's degree in economics and management from Albion College.Vice President, OperationsAdam BadgettAdam Badgett is Vice President of Operations at Adesto, responsible for manufacturing, logistics, and worldwide supply chain management. Mr. Badgett has more than 20 years of semiconductor operations and engineering management experience. Prior to joining Adesto, he was Vice President of Operation at O2Micro, where he was responsible for manufacturing, supply chain, test engineering, and a captive semiconductor test factory. Previous to his role at O2Micro, he held various management and supervisory roles at Alliance Semiconductor. Mr. Badgett received a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering and M.S. degree in Engineering-Economic Systems from Stanford University.Chief Technology OfficerGideon IntraterGideon Intrater is Adesto's Chief Technology Officer. He brings more than 30 years of experience in the semiconductor market to his role in the company.  Gideon serves on the Advisory board of Centipede Semi and Think Silicon and was previously a member of the advisory board of Sansa Security (acquired by ARM in July 2015). Previously, Mr. Intrater was Vice President of Marketing at MIPS Technologies (until the company was sold in February 2013). Before joining MIPS, Mr. Intrater was Vice President of Architecture for Symwave, a privately-held supplier of high-performance analog/mixed signal semiconductor solutions for consumer devices. Prior to Symwave, Mr. Intrater held various management positions at MIPS Technologies and National Semiconductor Corporation. Mr. Intrater holds over 30 issued patents. He earned BSEE and MSEE degrees from the Technion, Israel Institute of Technology, and an MBA from San Jose State University.Vice President, MarketingRaphael MehrbiansIn his role as Vice President of Marketing, Raphael Mehrbians is reponsible for positioning the company, its products  and execution of its business strategy. Raphael has more than 25 years of marketing and business management experience spanning early stage startups to $250M+ publicly traded companies.  Prior to joining Adesto, he held leadership roles at Lexar Media, Cirrus Logic and National Semiconductor and Genesis Microchip where he was Sr. Vice President of Product Marketing. Most recently, Raphael was an independent business development and executive management consultant to a variety of companies such as IDT, Pixelworks, InfoNeedle, and Saankhya Labs.  Raphael has M.S. and B.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering from University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.

  











 
 

Shane Hollmer's involvement in venture capital (via Adesto Technologies Corp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/164253-shane-hollmersection=people&subsection=detail&id=164253




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


ShaneHollmerGet alertedif Shane Hollmer gets funded!Shane HollmerAdesto Technologies Corp - Founder, Vice President of Engineering, Co - Founder, Vice President of EngineeringDeals involving Shane Hollmer$20,000,000 raised with Adesto Technologies Corp on July, 2016$25,000,000 raised with Adesto Technologies Corp on October, 2015$13,999,995 raised with Adesto Technologies Corp on September, 2012$1,000,000 raised with Adesto Technologies Corp on August, 2012$17,356,914 raised with Adesto Technologies Corp on July, 2011$3,500,000 raised with Adesto Technologies Corp on June, 2010$14,000,000 raised with Adesto Technologies Corp on August, 2009$3,000,000 raised with Adesto Technologies Corp on May, 2009Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Shane Hollmer on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









    Shane Hollmer | Adesto Technologies Corporation | ZoomInfo.com

Shane Hollmer, Adesto Technologies Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  






















Feedback





Shane Hollmer

VP:Engineering/Co-Founder,
Adesto Technologies Corp






Career History




VP:Engineering/Co-Founder
Adesto Technologies Corp, 4/2007-PRESENT


Co-Founder
Adesto Technologies Corp, 1/2006-4/2007









Website:
www.adestotech.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1250 Borregas Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089
United States


Phone:
1-408-400-0578


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.adestotech.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of California
Bachelor's Degree, Electrical Engineering


San Jose State University
MBA








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Hollmer Shane - Adesto Technologies Corp Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsHollmer ShaneAdesto Technologies Corp (IOTS)VP, Engineering Not RankedHollmer Shane's PerformanceHollmer Shane has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Adesto Technologies Corp (IOTS)$49KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesAdesto Technologies Corp (IOTS): VP, EngineeringSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Hollmer Shane's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateIOTSAdesto Technologies CorpVP, Engineering$49,350Uninformative Sell$2,871.05Jul 06, 2017Hollmer Shane has not reported any informative transactions for IOTS, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Jul 06, 2017 Uninformative Sell $3K 631 (undisclosed) N/A  May 24, 2017 Uninformative Buy $29K 32,575 $5.2 N/A  Apr 04, 2017 Uninformative Buy $0 27,500 $4 N/A Show MoreSee All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























 






Shane Hollmer, Vice President of Engineering and Co-Founder, Adesto Technologies


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Shane Hollmer



Vice President of Engineering and Co-Founder
at
Adesto Technologies


Location: Sacramento, California Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Shane Hollmer



Vice President of Engineering and Co-Founder
at
Adesto Technologies


Location: Sacramento, California Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Shane Hollmer is a co-founder of Adesto Technologies and currently serves as their Vice President of Engineering. Mr. Hollmer has more than 19 years of experience in the semiconductor memory industry including engineering and engineering management positions at Advanced Micro Devices, Emosyn, Silicon Storage Technology, and Monolithic Power Systems. Mr. Hollmer earned a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences from the University of California, Berkeley and a MBA from San Jose State University. Shane holds more than 50 patents the areas of non-volatile memory development and mixed signal design.



4

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Semiconductor and Related Device Manufacturing




Tags
Analog, Integrated Circuit, IC




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Shane HollmerCareer (4)






Apr-2007




Adesto Technologies



Vice President of Engineering and Co-Founder







Sep-2005 to Apr-2007




Monolithic Power Systems



Senior Design Engineer







Jan-2000 to Jun-2005




Emosyn



Director of Product Development







1990 to 1999




AMD



Senior Design Engineer








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Shane HollmerEducation (2)






1997



San Jose State University


Business






1990



University of California, Berkeley


Electrical Engineering and Computer Science









 Edit



Shane HollmerAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Shane Hollmer






 Edit



Shane HollmerLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Shane Hollmer









Shane HollmerInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Shane Hollmer









Shane HollmerInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Shane Hollmer








Shane HollmerRelated People








Colleagues at Adesto Technologies







Gideon  Intrater

Chief Technology Officer
Sep-2015









Tom Spade

Vice President of Sales
Dec-2014









Janet Wang

Vice President of Discrete Products Group
2012









Ron Shelton

Chief Financial Officer
Dec-2011








View all 
Peers (5)







David Burggraaf

VP Engineering of Instructure









Jerry Qi Zheng

Vice President of Engineering of AppFolio









Frank Lie  Ma

Vice President of Baozun









Aaron Yuan Lung Kwok

Vice President of Baozun









Eric Gang He

Vice President of Baozun












View all 



Shane HollmerRecommended Market Profiles








Technology IPO Companies

10,000 or More employees
26 companies


















