

	HOLLAR Trademark of Hollar, Inc.. Serial Number: 86688408 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
HOLLAR










 
Get FREE email alerts













HOLLAR  Trademark Information
 Hollar, Inc.
Online retail store services featuring party supplies, seasonal goods, seasonal clothing, stationery, office supplies, school supplies, tableware, kitchen and household utensils, food storage containers, household electronics, household cleaning supplies, cosmetics, perfumery, cosmetic utensils, hair products, hair accessories, toys, games and playthings, craft materials, craft kits, craft supplies, motor vehicle accessories, manual tools, mea...




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
online   retail   store   services   featuring   party   supplies      seasonal   goods      seasonal   clothing      stationery      office   supplies      school   supplies      tableware      kitchen   household    
                                    




This is a brand page for the HOLLAR trademark by Hollar, Inc. 
                                in Santa Monica, CA, 90405.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this HOLLAR trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Hollar, Inc. of the HOLLAR trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the HOLLAR trademark.
                           






On Thursday, July 9, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        HOLLAR by 
                        Hollar, Inc., Santa Monica, CA  90405.
                        The USPTO has given the HOLLAR 
                        trademark serial  number of  86688408.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for HOLLAR is 
                        
                        
                                            ANDREW B. CHEN of 
                                            Lkp Global Law Llp,  1901 Avenue Of The Stars Ste 480, Los Angeles, CA 90067-6006 
                                .
                            The HOLLAR trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for HOLLAR 
                            is Online retail store services featuring party supplies, seasonal goods, seasonal clothing, stationery, office supplies, school supplies, tableware, kitchen and household utensils, food storage containers, household electronics, household cleaning supplies, cosmetics, perfumery, cosmetic utensils, hair products, hair accessories, toys, games and playthings, craft materials, craft kits, craft supplies, motor vehicle accessories, manual tools, measuring instruments, candy, snack foods, snack bars, picnic accessories, picnic blankets, picnic baskets, pet toys, pet food, mobile phone accessories, mobile phone cases, mobile phone chargers, and headphones. 
                            





Word mark:
 HOLLAR


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/19/2016



  Serial Number:  
86688408


  Filing Date:  
7/9/2015


 Registration Number:  
5004845 


 Registration Date:  
7/19/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Online retail store services featuring party supplies, seasonal goods, seasonal clothing, stationery, office supplies, school supplies, tableware, kitchen and household utensils, food storage containers, household electronics, household cleaning supplies, cosmetics, perfumery, cosmetic utensils, hair products, hair accessories, toys, games and playthings, craft materials, craft kits, craft supplies, motor vehicle accessories, manual tools, measuring instruments, candy, snack foods, snack bars, picnic accessories, picnic blankets, picnic baskets, pet toys, pet food, mobile phone accessories, mobile phone cases, mobile phone chargers, and headphones


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/8/2016


Last Applicant/Owner:

Hollar, Inc.Santa Monica, CA  90405
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ANDREW B. CHEN
Lkp Global Law Llp
1901 Avenue Of The Stars Ste 480
Los Angeles, CA 90067-6006






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
11/5/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
11/5/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your HOLLAR trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/19/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ANDREW B. CHEN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of HOLLAR trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search hollar on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for HOLLAR 




HOLLAR is providing Online retail store services featuring party supplies, seasonal goods, seasonal clothing, stationery, office supplies, school supplies, tableware, kitchen and household utensils, food storage containers, household electronics, household cleaning supplies, cosmetics, perfumery, cosmetic utensils, hair products, hair accessories, toys, games and playthings, craft materials, craft kits, craft supplies, motor vehicle accessories, manual tools, measuring instruments, candy, snack foods, snack bars....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Hollar Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























hollar inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Retail - Discretionary
Sub-Industry: E-Commerce Discretionary
Hollar, Inc. is a discount online store for gifts and other goods. The Company offers toys, beauty, electronics, apparel, and accessories. Hollar serves customers the State of California.




Corporate Information
Address:

2800 28th Street
Suite 306
Santa Monica, CA 90405
United States


Phone:
1-888-682-5119


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.hollar.com























From The Web












1349331D News




America’s Dollar Store Generation Has No Shame

Nov 10, 2016







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Hollar: Dollar store bucks convention - LA Times





























































BUSINESS 
Technology 



Cutting Edge Hollar: Dollar store bucks convention








Christina House / For The Times
Exceptional visual presentation is key to drawing online shoppers to dollar-store merchandise, according to Hollar’s founders. “It’s all about design and aesthetics,” says Chief Executive David Yeom.
Exceptional visual presentation is key to drawing online shoppers to dollar-store merchandise, according to Hollar’s founders. “It’s all about design and aesthetics,” says Chief Executive David Yeom. (Christina House / For The Times)

Paresh DaveContact Reporter




David Yeom and Brian Lee were chowing down at a Carl's Jr. last spring, discussing Asian-specialty dollar stores — those strip-mall shops stacked with kitchen goods and other household items sold for cheap.They figured a lot of people, like themselves, had pawed through the bargain bins, looking for gems among the junk — but, for whatever reason, didn't really mention that fact to anyone.“We can't help ourselves. … Everyone loves getting a deal,” Yeom said. “We just don't like that feeling of being cheap or the experience of poor merchandise.” It's the thought “I don't want to run into anyone” at such an establishment, he said.To save like-minded individuals from the embarrassment of being caught live in a dollar store, and maybe make a buck in the process, the two came up with an idea: Bring the dollar store to the Internet.

Well, more like a two-dollar store. On Thursday, Santa Monica-based Hollar Inc. started putting online thousands of toys, clothes, household goods, party supplies and other stuff at $2 apiece, with a few special items costing about $5.




Yeom calls it “the price sensibility of 99 Cents meets the fashion world … where it's all about design and aesthetics.”Industry experts are dubious about the moneymaking potential, given the merchandising challenges and shipping costs that exceed the price of any individual item.Success in this case demands innovation, but not the kind in which one big idea appears in a flash of inspiration. This endeavor will require choosing among the most innovative ideas based on Hollar executives' experience in the retail industry and piecing them together to make what seems like a crazy idea work.


We are this melting pot of the best, incredible companies we've helped build or that we really admire or have close friends in.
— David Yeom, Hollar Inc.'s chief executive

“We are this melting pot of the best, incredible companies we've helped build or that we really admire or have close friends in,” said Yeom, Hollar's chief executive. “We're not 21-year-old, fresh-out-of-college kids. ... We're all old dinosaurs.”Dinosaurs in the tech-start-up world anyway — the founders range in age from 37 to 44. Yeom previously ran marketing and business development at Honest Co., a high-end brand of diapers, cleaning products and other household items that was valued at $1.7 billion in a recent private financing.Lee is Hollar's executive chairman. He co-founded LegalZoom, ShoeDazzle and Honest, where he will remain as CEO. Eddie Rhyu, a ShoeDazzle veteran, is chief creative officer. Thanh Khuu, formerly of ShoeDazzle, is chief technology officer. And John Um is chief operating officer, the former strategist at physical dollar-store chain 99 Cents Only Stores.------------FOR THE RECORDAn earlier version of this article referred to Eddie Rhyu as a former employee of Honest. He formerly worked at ShoeDazzle.------------SIGN UP for the free California Inc. business newsletter >>The founders agreed that exceptional visual presentation is key to drawing online shoppers to dollar-store merchandise.“We brought in a team that has a lot of experience in production, photography, design and copy writing … making sure that even though it's a $2 product, it feels like a $20 product,” Rhyu said.Visitors to Hollar.com and a forthcoming app scroll endlessly through a personalized feed of products. They'll see $2 plaid scarves, rustic photo frames, Hot Wheels sets and more — on small, individual rectangles laid out as a grid, similar to Pinterest's design. The number of users of Pinterest, a social networking site based on posted images, has doubled over the last two years to more than 100 million, mostly women.Hollar expects most of its customers to be women as well. To make sure the company name carried female appeal, it surveyed women ages 20 to 50, and Hollar stood out. “Every time you say that, it makes me smile,” one tester said.Smiles are nice, but what about profits?Sucharita Mulpuru, an online shopping analyst at consulting agency Forrester Research, has her doubts. Sourcing and shipping low-cost products at a profit is a tough business. She notes that at Groupon Goods, the company's discount-products store, profits are scant though sales are soaring.“If it were that easy to just sell all the little tchotchkes at a grocery store checkout online and ship them, someone would have done it by now,” Mulpuru said. She predicts prices on Hollar will have to rise.The potential for revenue is certainly there: The nation's leading dollar stores had sales of about $40 billion last year, nearly all from physical locations.Yeom said Hollar's success depends on “creative sourcing” with “very favorable” costs. Co-founder Um's experience at 99 Cents Only Stores and knowledge of the discount-goods supply chain could prove crucial. Goods will include brand-name merchandise out of season or out of favor, supplemented by purchases from contractors in China.To keep shipping costs reasonable, Hollar imposes a checkout minimum of $10 — or $25 for free shipping. Yeom borrowed the idea from Boxed.com — an online retailer similar to Costco run by a friend — as a way to avoid unprofitable orders. He figures his customer base can afford the minimums, and the free shipping choice will push the average order significantly over $25.Bundles and kits provide another way to fill virtual shopping baskets past the minimum. A bundle might offer all the $2 supplies you need to throw a “Frozen”-themed kid's birthday party, for example. Hollar also expects to sell services, like assembling gift bags for a birthday party.Yeom said “a lot of moms will gravitate to our website” for those features.Products will resemble what's in a Dollar Tree or 99 Cents Only Store. Many are already sold online, but might go for $20 at Amazon.com, Yeom said. But neither Amazon nor the offline stores will have all of what Hollar does. Products, he asserts, will include the cool, the weird and the essential — though no perishables.Spokespeople for Dollar General, Family Dollar and 99 Cents Only Stores declined to comment for this story. Kirsten Green, a Hollar investor who followed dollar stores as a stock analyst, said old-line businesses just haven't had the impetus to go online in a big way as their physical businesses have hummed along.Hollar raised $5.5 million in funding this summer, including from Lee's BAM Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners (which also invested in Honest and ShoeDazzle), Pritzker Group Venture Capital and Green's Forerunner Ventures.Jeremy Liew, a partner at Lightspeed Ventures known for being entertainment app Snapchat Inc.'s first investor, said he's betting that the Hollar team's experience will enable it to adapt if its initial strategies don't pan out. But he's also guessing consumers will come running if the products stand out as much as he hopes.

“It's a big market. It's a big idea,” he said. “The biggest unknown is what the average basket size will be, and there's only one way to find out.”paresh.dave@latimes.comALSORestored Midcentury Modern home boasts a round living roomWhy supermarket magnate Ron Burkle couldn't save Fresh & EasySocial Security rule changes may affect retirement strategy

Privacy Policy
Copyright
            © 2017, Los Angeles Times
A version of this article appeared in print on November 08, 2015, in the Business section of the Los Angeles Times with the headline "Dollar store bucks convention - Will the start-up Hollar really be able to turn a profit as an online merchandiser? - CUTTING EDGE" — 
	          Today's paperToday's paper | Subscribe

 Business

















Get our weekly business news briefing >>

A former Twitter engineer recounts company's struggles to diversify workforce







Wells Fargo charged customers for unneeded auto insurance — then repossessed their cars

Beyoncé and Jay-Z are about to become L.A. homeowners, if $90-million deal goes through

Elon Musk takes the stage tonight to deliver the first Tesla Model 3s
















EDITION: California | U.S. & WorldLocalSportsPoliticsEntertainmentOpinionMost PopularPlace An Ad71°



























 


 
































Hollar Inc., 6047 Malburg Way Vernon Ca 90058 3947 United States Ca Us | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Hollar Inc.
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  United States






        See Hollar Inc.'s products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
7 U.S. shipments available for Hollar Inc., updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2016-12-06
See all 7 shipment records for Hollar Inc. with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2016-12-06


2016-12-04
Hollar Inc.
Unknown
RICE COOKER SPPON SALT N PEPER SHAKERS SKULL SHOT GLASS ICE CUBE TRAY NOTEBOOK PILL BOX GLASS MILK-CARTON MINI SHOPPING CART BUTTERFLY SANDWICH CUTTER PUZZLE SANDWICH CUTTER DINOSAUR SANDWICH CUTTER PERFECT ROLL-SUSHI FORK SPOON SET AIR SOCCER BALL BIG RUFF&TUFF SNAKE BIG RUFF&TUFF BONE BIG RUFF&TUFF FRISBEE BIG RUFF&TUFF PAW BIG RUFF&TUFF HANDLE PET LEASH&HARNESS 10X20PCS PET CLEAN UP BAG CAME...
Bill of lading


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 3 suppliers of Hollar Inc.
 Learn more about network view 




Top suppliers


Guangdong Foreign Trade Imp... 






Sign up to access 







Sign up to access 







3 suppliers available
        


Top products


portable power 





power source 





bluetooth speaker 





line 





power 






14 top products available
        





Contact information for Hollar Inc.


 

Address
6047 Malburg Way Vernon Ca 90058 3947 United States Ca Us

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
7 shipment records available



Date
2016-12-06


Shipper Name
Guangdong Foreign Trade


Shipper Address
IMPORT AND EXPORT CO., LTD, 351# TIANHE ROAD, GUANGZHOU, CHINA, GUANGZHOU CN


Consignee Name
Hollar, Inc.


Consignee Address
6116 MALBURG WAY VERNON CA 90058, VERNON CA 90058 US


Notify Party Name
Hollar, Inc.


Notify Party Address
6116 MALBURG WAY VERNON CA 90058, VERNON CA 90058 US


Weight
8720


Weight Unit
K


Weight in KG
8720.0


Quantity
1329


Quantity Unit
CTN


Country of Origin
China


Details
8,720.0 kgFrom port: Yantian, ChinaTo port: Port of Long Beach, Long Beach, California


Place of Receipt
Yantian


Foreign Port of Lading
Yantian, China


U.S. Port of Unlading
Port of Long Beach, Long Beach, California


U.S. Destination Port
Port of Long Beach, Long Beach, California


Commodity
NON WOVEN STORAGE BOX HS CODE 42029200 PU STORAGE BOX HS CODE 42029200 PAPER BOX HS CODE 48192000


Container
KKFU9121995


Marks Description
HOLLAR INC. VERNON, CA 90058 USA


Carrier Name
DT LOGISTICS (HK) LTD


Vessel Name
HAMBURG BRIDGE


Voyage Number
040E


Bill of Lading Number
DLHTSZSE1604863


Master Bill of Lading Number
KKLUSX36302600







 



Buyers of similar products 
bluetooth buyersbluetooth speaker buyersmobile buyersportable buyersportable power buyerspower buyerspower source buyersshell buyerssource buyersspeaker buyers




Suppliers of similar products
bluetooth manufacturersbluetooth speaker manufacturersmobile manufacturersportable manufacturersportable power manufacturerspower manufacturerspower source manufacturersshell manufacturerssource manufacturersspeaker manufacturers




Buyers similar to Hollar Inc.

Dsl Star Express Inc.C/O MaerskLazy Daisy Ldi Inc.The Children's Group Inc.Macsteel International Usa Corp.Harmonic Inc.Package Containers Inc.Philip Morris AssociatesGlobal Aquatic ConsultingAlpha Keys Orlando RetailClaudio's Italian Market Inc. Speci







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | Hollar Inc. | Accreditation






























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Online Retailer
 > 
Hollar Inc.














BBB Accredited Business Profile



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Hollar Inc.



Request a Quote

































Hollar Inc.






            Business Information
        





Hollar Inc.
2 years in business

        2601 S Malt Ave Commerce
        Commerce, CA 90040
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (310) 471-8281
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 11/13/2015
            

                Business Started: 07/06/2015


                Business Incorporated: 07/06/2015 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Andrew Cao, Manager of Client Services
                





            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Eddie Rhyu
                





            Business Category
        


                Online Retailer
            








            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Hollar
                







                    Number of Employees: 
                
                59
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                BBB Accredited Since 07/12/2016
            

                BBB has determined that Hollar Inc. meets Standards of BBB Accreditation, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            

                BBB accreditation does not mean that the business's products or services have been evaluated or endorsed by BBB, or that BBB has made a determination as to the business's product quality or competency in performing services.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Hollar Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Hollar Inc.
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 07/12/2016










A 




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



67%




25%




[8] Positive Reviews



[1] Neutral Reviews



[3] Negative Reviews



[12] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[5] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        Hollar Inc. has received 4.39 out of 5 stars based on 12 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









FAQs - Hollar | So. Much. Good. Stuff







 





              Created with sketchtool.             Created with Sketch.            Created with Sketch.                   Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                         Created with Sketch.               Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.            Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                   Created with sketchtool.               Created with Sketch.                  Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Created with sketchtool.              Created with sketchtool.               Created with sketchtool.                   Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreHomepage Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreWhat's New!Price Drop$1 ShopKids' BrandsCollectionsParty ThemesHomepageHomepage1501301809Get to Know UsFAQsContact UsCalifornia Proposition 65Privacy PolicyTerms of ServicePrice ComparisonFAQsGeneral
What is Hollar?
Hollar is your destination for the coolest gifts and goods starting at just $1. With a gazillion categories to shop, there’s always something new to score each and every day. We’re all about making shopping insanely fun—and keeping wallets extra happy. ☺
What is the Hollar Marketplace?
We’re laser focused on providing shoppers with big savings across all categories. That’s
 why we’ve partnered with top sellers to bring you an even greater assortment of deals
 you’ll love. We mean it when we say So. Much. Good. Stuff.
Where do you ship from?
Items sold and fulfilled by Hollar ship from our fulfillment center in sunny Los Angeles,
 California. All other items are fulfilled by the respective marketplace seller in locations
 across the United States.
How long is the shipping time?
After the order is placed, the expected delivery time is 7-10 business days (Monday - Friday, excluding Holidays).
Why is there a $10 minimum?
Because we’re all about saving you tons of cash, a $10 order minimum helps us keep our prices and shipping costs irresistibly low. Don’t want to pay for shipping? Simply spend over $25 and shipping is on us!
Need help placing an order?
Send us a note at support@hollar.com or give us a call at 888-682-5119. Our support hours are Monday - Friday, 7am - 4pm PT.
Can I resell your products?
Hollar’s merchandise is offered for sale by us for your personal enjoyment only. We do not support the reselling of any of our items. 
Shipping
How much is shipping?
Shipping costs vary from deal to deal. You can view shipping costs on each product’s
individual page. Items sold and fulfilled by Hollar are eligible for free shipping! To qualify for free
shipping on a first-time order, the order must include at least $10 in items fulfilled by Hollar
(pre-tax). To qualify for free shipping on subsequent orders, the order must include at least $25
in items fulfilled by Hollar (pre-tax). The offer will automatically be applied at checkout for
qualifying orders. In addition, some items sold by marketplace sellers may be eligible for free
shipping. Just check the individual product page to see eligibility or shipping costs.
Can I expedite my shipping?
We are unable to expedite orders at this time, but we hope to expand those choices in the future. 
Where do you ship to?
We ship only to the 48 contiguous states in the United States.
Do you ship to Alaska and Hawaii?
We’re currently unable to ship to these states. Stay tuned as we work on expanding our shipping options to new locations.
Do you ship to APO/FPO addresses?
We don’t offer delivery to APO/FPO addresses at the moment. But hold tight—we’re working on spreading the Hollar love in more areas. 
Order & Payments
How can I edit my order or change my shipping address?
Email us at support@hollar.com. Please note that some orders are shipped shortly after placement and it may not always be possible to edit or cancel.
What payment methods do you accept?
We accept all major credit cards, including Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express as well as PayPal.
Returns
Can I return my Hollar items?
Yes! If you’re not 100% happy with our products, we’ll gladly accept returns within 365 days from your order date. Just send us an email at support@hollar.com. Please note that in addition to a restocking fee of $4.95, customers will also be responsible for any return shipping fees.
Can I return or exchange my marketplace item?
Returns and exchanges vary for each marketplace seller. Please check individual seller information for details.
Contact UsGot questions? We've got answers. Go ahead and shoot us a note!
 
Hollar Support Team
support@hollar.com
888-682-5119
Mon - Fri (7am - 4pm PT)
 
Business Development
bd@hollar.com
 
Press & Media
pr@hollar.com
 
Vendors & Suppliers
supplier@hollar.com
 
Want to Become an Affiliate?
Join our Affiliate Program
California Proposition 65California's Proposition 65 entitles California consumers to special warnings for products that contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm if those products expose consumers to such chemicals above certain threshold levels. We care about our customers' safety and hope that the information below helps with your buying decisions.
For more information and frequently asked questions about Proposition 65, go to OEHHA’s website at: https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65.  
For a fully updated list of all the chemicals and compounds that are known to the State of California to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity, go to:  https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65/proposition-65-list
For all products linked to this page, we provide the following general notice:
WARNING: This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Tools
WARNING: Some dust created by power sanding, sawing, grinding, drilling, and other construction activities contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Some examples of these chemicals are:

lead from lead-based paints,
crystalline silica from bricks and cement and other masonry products, and
arsenic and chromium from chemically treated lumber.

Your risk from exposure to these chemicals varies, depending on how often you do this type of work. To reduce your exposure, work in a well-ventilated area and with approved safety equipment, such as dust masks that are specially designed to filter out microscopic particles.
Lead Crystal Glasses
Lead levels in the crystal glasses sold in our Kitchen & Housewares Store comply with FDA standards.:
WARNING: Consuming foods or beverages that have been kept or served in leaded crystal products will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Ceramic Tableware
Lead levels in the ceramic tableware sold in our Kitchen & Housewares Store comply with FDA standards.:
WARNING: Use of this tableware will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Jewelry and Tiffany Style Lamps
WARNING: This product contains lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.
PVC Coated Products or PVC Coated Wires, Cords, Plugs & Connectors
WARNING: The plastic on this product contains lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.
Electrical Cords
WARNING: The wires of this product contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.
Motor Vehicles Parts & Accessories
WARNING: Motor vehicles contain fuel, oils and fluids, battery posts, terminals and related accessories which contain lead and lead compounds and other chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. These chemicals are found in vehicles, vehicle parts and accessories, both new and as replacements. When being serviced, these vehicles generate used oil, waste fluids, grease, fumes and particulates, all known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or reproductive harm.
Beauty Products
For beauty and skin care products that contain progesterone:
WARNING: This product contains progesterone, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer. Consult with your physician before using this product.
For beauty and skin care products that contain Cocamide Diethanolamine (Cocamide DEA):
WARNING: This product contains Cocamide DEA, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer. Consult with your physician before using this product.
For beauty and skin care products that contain Diethanolamine (or DEA):
WARNING: This product contains DEA, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer. Consult with your physician before using this product.
Fresh Fruits, Nuts, and Vegetables
WARNING: This product may contain a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Privacy PolicyThe Privacy Policy was last updated on: November 5, 2015
Hollar, Inc. (“Hollar” or “we” or “us”) created this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) in order to disclose how we use information we collect from users via the Hollar website located at www.Hollar.com (including any affiliated sub-domain and mobile applications and sites) and any services offered therefrom (including, without limitation, the distribution, sale or offered sale of goods) (collectively referred to hereafter as, the “Website”).  Because we gather important information from our users, visitors, publishers and customers (collectively “Users” or “you” or “your”), we have established this Privacy Policy as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices.  By accessing the Website, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy. 
Please note:  When you submit your personal information on or through the Website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  We may share information among our subsidiaries or other websites that we own or control, but such sharing of information is always governed under the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Please further note, depending on a User’s particular interaction with the Website (e.g. Users who solely navigate the Website versus Users who use the services offered through the Website), different portions of this Privacy Policy may apply to users at different times.
Hollar reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. If Hollar changes any portions of its Privacy Policy, the changes will be updated on this Privacy Policy page and Users should periodically review our Privacy Policy page for any such changes.  Your continued use of the Website after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change(s).
Information We Collect
Personal Information:  We may require Users who use the Website (whether via submission of queries, subscriptions or orders for Hollar’ services (collectively, the “Service”) to give us personally identifiable information, which may include but is not limited to the User’s name, mailing addresses (home and business), phone number, email address, age/birth date and credit card or other payment account information (collectively “Personal Information”).  Besides the Personal Information, we may also collect other information regarding your use of the Website.  From time to time, we may also collect or ask for additional Personal Information, which will also be expressly included herein as Personal Information.  You can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it or not using the Website, although not providing Personal Information may hinder your ability to use the Website and/or the Service.  
We use the information that we collect to provide and maintain the Website as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion and to provide the Service, and to provide any other services that you and Hollar agree to. Hollar may aggregate data that it obtains from Users to analyze trends, to gather data to benchmark best practices, and to monitor, improve and refine the functionality of the Website and the Service.
We may also use the information to contact you to further discuss interest in Hollar or the Service (including the products and services that we provide) and to send information regarding Hollar or its partners, such as promotions and events.  You may be invited to receive an email newsletter or other correspondence by providing an email address.  We may outsource all of these tasks to third parties.  However, your email address and any Personal Information will not be distributed or shared with third parties, unless it is to transact such business as you have contracted us to do, to comply with any legal processes and/or law enforcement requests, or in order to conduct any business as we, in our sole subjective discretion, deem reasonable.  If you voluntarily submit your e-mail address to use via the Website or use of Hollar’ products and services, such a submission constitutes your consent to receive e-mails from Hollar regarding updates to the Website or Service, and may send a newsletter, or other correspondence.  You will have an opportunity to unsubscribe to any emails or mailings by clicking on an “unsubscribe” hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you.  Even if you are removed from any such list, if you use the Website or Service or re-submit your e-mail address to the Website (either via the contact form, e-mail submission or otherwise), you will continue to receive email correspondence from Hollar related to the Website or Service.  Any opt-out by you is not deemed valid until processed by Hollar.  It is your obligation to verify that you have been opted-out.  Hollar shall not be liable for problems with the opt-out procedures.
Hollar may offer you the option of registering an account with the Website by logging in with an account you have established with certain third party sites (including, Facebook.com) (hereafter, the “Outside Account”).  By logging in via the Outside Account, you are granting Hollar the right to access, utilize and store (if applicable) information (including Personal Information as defined above) tied to your Outside Account in connection with your use of the Website.  Depending on the Outside Accounts you choose (and your privacy settings on that Outside Account), the information you make accessible via your Outside Account will be available to Hollar and on and through your Hollar user account.
Non-Personal Information:  We collect and use non-personally identifiable information, which is any information other than Personal Information and/or does not identify the specific individual, including, without limitation: IP address, the approximate geographic location of the User based on their IP address the type of browser and operating system used by the User, any interactions a User may initiate within the Website, the websites and web pages that Users visit or visited, User interactions with features of the Website, content preferences User selected within the Website and other inferences about the User’s interests made based upon the foregoing. This information is not intentionally gathered in a fashion to personally identify any single User.  We use this information to help us develop the Website and the Service, analyze patterns of usage, and to make the Website and the Service more useful.  Hollar may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to the Website, and Hollar utilizes Google Analytics to analyze the usage of the Website. For more information on Google Analytics and its privacy policy, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Minors
Hollar does not knowingly allow any visitors or users under the age of eighteen (18) or the age of majority in his/her relevant jurisdiction to use or otherwise access to the Website or the Service.  Hollar does not wish to collect any Personal Information (or any information at all) from any persons under 18 years old.  If you are under 18 years old, you may not use the Website or the Service.
Third Party Websites
The Website may contain links to other websites.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites.  You will need to check the privacy policies of these others websites to understand their policies.  When you access a linked site you may be disclosing private information.  It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential.
Cookies & Logs 
When you view the Website, we may store some information on your computer's hard drive. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie." “Cookies” are information files which your web browser places on your computer when you visit a web site.  Hollar uses cookies and session IDs to authenticate a User as he or she navigates various parts of the Website.  Cookies and session IDs may also be used to automate data entry functions.  For example, cookies may be used to enable a User to move through the Website without having to retype the User’s password.  Hollar does not obtain personal information via cookies or session IDs, and does not link any data collected through cookies or session IDs to any personal information. Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies and session IDs, but you can change your browser to prevent that. Without accepting a Cookie or session ID, your use of the Website and the Service may be affected.  
When you view the Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website.  These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
For California Users:  Please note, the Website is not presently configured to respond to DNT or “do not track” signals from web browsers or mobile devices.
Disclosure of User Information to Third Parties
In addition to the use of information described above, Hollar reserve the right to disclose information provided by Users (including Personal Information) as follows:
Disclosure By Law.  You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend Hollar’s or a third party’s rights or property; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened.  
Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers.  We may share your information with third party service providers to perform functions on our behalf. For example, outsourced customer care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform services for you. Your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than we authorize.  
Data/Information Transfer As a Result of Sale of Business.  In the event that Hollar is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, Hollar reserves the right to sell or transfer User information (including Personal Information) as part of any such transaction.  To the maximum extent allowable by law, the Privacy Policy will apply to the User information as transferred to the successor entity.  However, User information submitted after a transfer to a successor entity may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
Website Security
Please note that data that is transported over an open network, such as the Internet or e-mail, may be accessible to anybody.  We cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via such open networks.  When disclosing any personal information via an open network, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to others, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent.  In particular, while individual data packets are often encrypted, the names of the sender and recipient are not.  A third party may therefore be able to trace an existing bank account or relationship or one that is subsequently created.  Even if both the sender and recipient are located in the same country data may also be transmitted via such networks to other countries regularly and without controls, including to countries that do not afford the same level of data protection as your country of domicile. 
Password-protected areas of the Website can be accessed only with a valid user name and password.  Each password owner is responsible for keeping the password confidential and safe, as Hollar has no control or responsibility for this type of User information.  If the password may have been stolen or might otherwise be misused, it is the responsibility of the password owner to notify Hollar immediately for further action.
Your data may be lost during transmission or may be accessed by unauthorized parties. We do not accept any liability for direct or indirect losses as regards the security of your Personal Information or data during its transfer via Internet.  Please use other means of communication if you think this is necessary or prudent for security reasons. 
International Users
The Website and the Service are exclusively hosted in the United States.  If you are a User accessing the Website or the Service from the European Union, Australia, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as such other regions.  User information (including Personal Information or “personal data” as defined by foreign laws) collected through the Website or the Service may be stored and processed in the United States, and by using the Website or the Service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your home country. 
Additional Information
This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms & Conditions of the Website and any use of the Website is governed by those Terms & Conditions.  Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Website should be directed to Hollar by emailing such questions to support@hollar.com.
Updates to our Privacy Policy
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, they will be reflected on this web page. In some cases and in our sole discretion, we also may send an email notifying users of the changes. You should check this Website periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred.
Legal Disclaimer
The Website and the Service operate "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE," without warranties of any other kind.  We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control.  This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of law principles. Subject and without waiver to the dispute resolution procedures set forth in the Terms & Conditions, any legal actions against Hollar, Inc. arising out of or related to the Website or the Service must be commenced in the county of Los Angeles in the state of California in the United States of America.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of or your dealings with the Website or the Service, please contact us at:  support@hollar.com
Terms of ServiceWelcome to the Hollar website (www.Hollar.com) hosted by Hollar Inc. (hereafter also referred to as “Hollar” “we” and “us”). Please review the following terms and conditions concerning your use of and access to the Hollar website located at Hollar.com (including any affiliated sub-domain and mobile applications and sites) and any services offered therefrom (including, without limitation, the distribution, sale or offer of goods for sale) (collectively referred to hereafter as, the “Website”). By accessing, using, subscribing, purchasing or downloading any goods, materials or content from the Website, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions (the “Terms & Conditions”) and any other terms and conditions embodied in any other agreements you enter into with us. If you do not agree with the Terms & Conditions, you may not use the Website.
NOTICE OF ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, SET FORTH BELOW, WHICH AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS ABOUT RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE WITH THE COMPANY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.
The Terms & Conditions together with the Privacy Policy explain how we operate the Website, the ways that you are permitted to use the Website, tools available at the Website, and any support services (including online and mobile access to our software) available through use of the Website (collectively referred to hereafter as the “Service”).
General
These Terms & Conditions apply to ALL transactions made on or through this Website. This Agreement is governed by the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act. You manifest your agreement to the terms and conditions in this Agreement by any act demonstrating your assent thereto, including clicking any button containing the words “I agree” or similar syntax, by accessing the Website, or purchasing any goods through the Website, whether you have read these terms or not. It is suggested that you print this Agreement for your personal records.
Privacy
Any information (including personally identifiable information and payment account information) you submit to our site is governed by the Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy encompasses any and all information you may provide to our site either for purposes of creating an account, submitting an order or inquiry or to receive further information, updates and promotions about or related to the Website or Service.
Changes to the Terms & Conditions
We reserve the right to change the Terms & Conditions at any time by posting an updated version to this web page to reflect those changes. Changes to the Terms & Conditions may arise for a variety of reasons, including without limitation, changes in market conditions affecting our business, technology or our business model, relevant laws and regulatory requirements, and our systems.
You agree to periodically review the Terms & Conditions from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you. Continued access or use of our site shall be deemed conclusive evidence of your acceptance of any modified terms or conditions.
Accessing and Using the Website/Service
Limited License to Use the Website/Service and Related Restrictions
Subject to and conditional upon your compliance with the Terms & Conditions and other agreements between you and Hollar (including any payment terms), Hollar hereby grants to you a limited, reversible, non-exclusive, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable license to use certain software applications and platforms accessible through the Website/Service (collectively, “Hollar Software”). Hollar reserves all other rights in Hollar Software not expressly granted to you in the Terms. You may not use Hollar Software in any manner that could: (i) damage, disable, overburden, or impair the software application or platform (or any server or networks connected thereto), or (ii) interfere with any third party's use and/or enjoyment of the software application or platform (or any server or networks connected thereto).
Except as expressly specified in the Terms & Conditions, you may not: (a) copy or modify the Hollar Software; (b) transfer, sublicense, lease, lend, rent or otherwise distribute Hollar Software to any third party; or (c) use the Hollar Software in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with the Terms & Conditions. You acknowledge and agree that portions of the Hollar Software, including, without limitation, the source code and the specific design and structure of individual modules or programs, constitute or contain trade secrets of Hollar and its licensors. Accordingly, you agree not to disassemble, decompile or otherwise reverse engineer any components of the Hollar Software provided in object code or any other Hollar products or services, in whole or in part, or permit or authorize a third party to do so, except to the extent such activities are expressly permitted by law notwithstanding this prohibition.
Mobile Application License
Subject to your compliance with these Terms & Conditions, Hollar grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Hollar mobile application and to access the Hollar Website via a single mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of Hollar mobile application solely for your own personal use.
You shall not (i) license, sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit or make available to any third party the Hollar mobile application in any way; (ii) modify or make derivative works based upon the Website or Hollar mobile application; (iii) create Internet “links” to the Website or “frame” or “mirror” the Hollar mobile application on any other server or wireless or Internet-based device; (iv) reverse engineer or access the Hollar mobile application in order to (a) design or build a competitive product or service, (b) design or build a product using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Website or Hollar mobile application, or (c) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Website or Hollar mobile application, or (v) launch an automated program or script, including, but not limited to, web spiders, web crawlers, web robots, web ants, web indexers, bots, viruses or worms, or any program which may make multiple server requests per second, or unduly burdens or hinders the operation and/or performance of the Website or Hollar mobile application.
App Store Sourced Application
With respect to any application accessed through or downloaded from the Apple App Store (“App Store Sourced Application”), you agree that you will use the App Store Sourced Application only: (i) on an Apple-branded product that runs iOS (Apple’s proprietary operating system software) ; and (ii) as permitted by the “Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service. Hollar reserves all rights in and to the application not expressly granted to you under these Terms & Conditions.
You acknowledge and agree that (i) these Terms & Conditions are valid between you and Hollar only, and not Apple, and (ii) Hollar, not Apple, is solely responsible for the App Store Sourced Application and content thereof. Your use of the App Store Sourced Application must comply with the App Store Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App Store Sourced Application.
In the event of any failure of the App Store Sourced Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will, where applicable, refund the purchase price for the App Store Sourced Application to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App Store Sourced Application. As between Hollar and Apple, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Hollar.
You acknowledge that, as between Hollar and Apple, Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of the App Store Sourced Application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App Store Sourced Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of that App Store Sourced Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between Hollar and Apple, Hollar, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries relating to your license of the App Store Sourced Application, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the rights under these Terms & Conditions as related to your license of the App Store Sourced Application against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
Without limiting any other provisions of these Terms & Conditions, you must comply with all applicable third party terms of agreement when using the App Store Sourced Application.
Customer Account Access
In order to utilize certain services offered by the Website, you may need to create a customer account. You agree to (a) create only one account; (b) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information when creating your account; (c) maintain and promptly update your account information; (d) maintain the security of your account by not sharing your username or password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer; (e) promptly notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches relating to the Website or your account; and (f) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access.
By creating a customer account, you consent to receive electronic communications from Hollar either in the form of email sent to you at the email address listed on your account or by communications posted on the Website. You acknowledge and agree that any electronic communication in the form of such email or posting on the Website shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.
Terms of Sale
All product sales from the Website are governed by any terms of sale that may be posted on the Website. Prices and offers are subject to change. You should refer to our terms of sale to learn more about our return policy, and shipping terms located at FAQs. By ordering and/or accepting delivery of the products, you agree to be bound by these terms of sale. The terms of sale are subject to change without prior notice at any time, in Hollar’s sole discretion, so you should review the terms of sale each time you make a purchase. Additional information may be found in our online shopping sections of the Website.
We accept the following bank or credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. For your convenience, we will save your bank or credit card information. You may be charged local tax, if applicable. If your payment method is declined, we will attempt to process your charge until the transaction is approved. If we are unable to complete the transaction, Client Services may contact you directly to update your account information.
We are not responsible for any fees or charges that your bank or credit card issuer may apply. If your bank or credit card issuer reverses a charge to your credit card, we may bill your account directly and seek payment by another method including a mailed statement. The risk of loss and title for items purchased by you passes to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier.
Sales Tax Policy
In connection with the sales of goods, the Website collects and remits sales tax as required by applicable law.
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Website. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Information at the Website
We attempt to ensure that information on the Website is complete, accurate and current. Despite our efforts, certain information on the Website may be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. We make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on our site. We reserve the right to amend the Website/Service without warning. Unless otherwise agreed to by us in writing, all features, content, specifications, products, services, and, as applicable, prices of products and services described or depicted on the Website are subject to change at any time without notice.
"Price Comparison"
The comparative reference price shows the actual price offered for the same product at another online retailer which has been checked within the past 48 hours.
Security
By creating an account with us, you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information (including without limitation, username and password). You must treat your username and password, and any other security details, as confidential, and not disclose it to any other person. You must also prevent unauthorized access to your account. In addition, you must: (a) log off from your account at the end of each session on our site and (b) notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your username and password or any other breach of security. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account.
Restrictions on and Termination of Use of the Website/Service
We have the right to suspend or close any account with us and block your use of our site if you have failed to comply with any part of the Terms & Conditions (as determined by us in our sole discretion). You understand that your account is individual to you and/or your organization, and we may suspend or close your account if you attempt to transfer or use your account to/for another person or organization. You are responsible for ensuring that any and all persons you authorize to use your account with us are aware of the Terms & Conditions, and that they fully comply with them. We reserve the right to refuse to provide access to the Website or to provide the Service, to any person or organization for any reason. It is your obligation to comply with all applicable state, federal and international laws.
In consideration of being allowed to use our site, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these Terms & Conditions:

Collecting information about our site, users of our site or our services without our written consent;
Modifying, framing, rendering (or re-rendering), mirroring, truncating, injecting, filtering or changing any content or information contained in our site, without our written consent.
Using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, Internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor our site or any portion thereof;
Accessing or using our site for competitive purposes;
Disguising the origin of information transmitted to, from, or through the Website;
Impersonating another person or representative of an organization;
Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code;
Allowing any other person or entity to impersonate you to access or use our site;
Using our site or our services for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, international laws or regulations;
Using our site or our services in a way that is intended to harm, or a reasonable person would understand would likely result in harm, to the user or others; and
Circumventing any measures implemented by us aimed at preventing violations of the Terms & Conditions.

Minors May Not Use the Website/Service
You must be at least 18 years old and can form legally binding contracts under applicable laws in your jurisdiction, to use the Website or Service. We do not accept users who are under the age of 18 or the age of majority in his/her relevant jurisdiction. By using the Website or Service or submitting any inquiries, orders or information to us, you represent and affirm that you are at least 18 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction.
Inviting Friends and Earning Referral Credit
When you invite a friend to register for an account at Hollar.com, you and your friend will both receive a $2 Referral Credit for each friend who makes a qualified first purchase.  Your friend must be a new member of Hollar (this offer excludes returning or existing members) and live in a different household
You will only receive a Referral Credit for your friend's first qualified purchase if the purchase was a result of an invite from you via an authorized referral method.  If your friend does not click on the personal referral link in their invite email or other invite mechanism to accept your invitation, you may not receive a Referral Credit and we will have no liability to you because there is no discernible way to identify that the purchase resulted from your referral.
A qualified purchase is considered a member’s first Hollar purchase.  There is no limit to the amount of Referral Credits you can earn and Referral Credits will accrue with every eligible friend you refer.  You can track your Referral Credits by visiting the Refer-a-Friend section in My Account.
If two people refer the same friend, the friend who sent the link that is used to create the new member's account will be considered the referring friend, regardless of which link was sent to the new member first.  There is a limit of one Referral Credit per new email address that is registered on Hollar.com.
You may not use spam or send unsolicited emails to people you don't personally know to collect Referral Credits and you may not collect Referral Credits by posting on message boards or other online venues in violation of such venues' terms of use.
See the Privacy Policy for how information is stored.
Spending Referral Credit
Referral Credits are valid for 12 months from issuance.  Your Referral Credits are automatically applied to your purchases at checkout in the order in which they expire (i.e., first to expire will be applied first).
You can check the amount of Referral Credits you have earned and their associated expiration dates at any time by visiting the Refer-a-Friend section in My Account.
Prohibitions and Cancellation
Referral Credits are issued to a single Hollar.com account holder at our discretion and cannot be transferred between accounts or between users.  Credits cannot be bartered, exchanged, or sold.
Referral Credits are a promotional offer and are not a payment instruments.  Referral Credits are issued without any exchange of money or value from you and you have no vested property right or interest in them.
Referral Credits have no cash value by themselves; they are only deemed to have a notional cash value of $2 if they are used in connection with an eligible purchase on our site.
We reserve the right to limit or cancel your Referral Credits in our sole discretion if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Service, including through fraudulent or misleading referral activity (for example, by inviting fake people to join Hollar, using false names, using multiple email accounts or email addresses, impersonating another person or otherwise providing false or misleading information to us) or if we terminate your account for any reason.  You may also be liable for civil and/or criminal penalties under applicable law.
Changes to Referral Credit Terms
We reserve the right in our sole discretion at any time and without prior notice to you, to add to, remove or otherwise change the terms applicable to the issuance and use of Referral Credits. Such changes may include, without limitation, how you may earn and spend Referral Credits, how long Referral Credits last, minimum purchase amounts with which Referral Credits may be used and the lifetime maximum amount of Referral Credits that you may earn.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may contain links to other websites which may be of interest to you. We are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us of the linked website and/or the content and materials found at the linked website, except as specifically stated otherwise by us. It is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses or other items of an intrusive nature. We do not accept responsibility for those sites. Accessing any such links from our site to gain access to other websites is at your own risk.
Intellectual Property Rights
Except where expressly stated otherwise, Hollar or its licensors, including without limitation, Hollar Inc., is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights located on the Website, in the materials published or otherwise made available on the Website and through the Service. Those works, marks or inventions are protected by copyright, patent and trademark laws and treaties around the world and may not be modified, copied, printed, reproduced, distributed, republished, performed, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted and/or otherwise used in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or other means, unless expressly permitted by us. Except where expressly provided otherwise by us, nothing on our site may be construed to confer any license or ownership right in or materials published or otherwise made available through our site or our services, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. All rights not granted to you in these terms are reserved.
Copyright and Trademark Infringement Notice:
Hollar respects the intellectual property rights of others. All users of the Website represent and warrant they shall comply with all applicable copyright and trademark laws. In the event we receive proper notification of claimed copyright or trademark infringement, the response to such notice may include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and possibly terminating your account and/or the right to use our Website and Services. If you believe any material on our site constitutes an infringement of a copyright or trademark you own, you may file a notice of infringement to the contact identified below. A user who materially misrepresents that material is infringing will be liable for the costs incurred by us and our associated persons, including attorney fees. Accordingly, if you are uncertain whether you are or you represent the proper copyright holder or trademark holder, or if copyright and trademark laws protect the subject materials, you are strongly advised to consult a qualified attorney at your own expense.
We rely on a network of independent affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, third-party product providers, third-party content providers, vendors, suppliers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors and the like (collectively, “Associates”) who supply some of the goods advertised on the Website. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, we are not liable for any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other proprietary or intellectual property rights arising out of content posted on or transmitted through the Website, or items advertised on the Website, by our Associates. If you believe that your rights under intellectual property laws are being violated by any content posted on or transmitted through the Website, or items advertised on the Website, please contact us promptly so that we may investigate the situation and, if appropriate, block or remove the offending content and/or advertisements. It is our policy to disable access to infringing materials, and to terminate access of repeat infringers to the Website.
In order for us to investigate any claim of copyright or trademark infringement, you must provide us with the following information, transmitted by email or regular mail, setting forth the following:

(i) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright or trademark owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
(ii) detailed identification of the copyrighted work or trademark claimed to have been infringed;
(iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
(iv) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address;
(v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

Copyright or Trademark Infringement Notifications should be addressed as follows:
Email: copyright@hollar.com
Mail: Hollar Inc.
Attention: Notice of Intellectual Property Infringement
2601 S. Malt Avenue
Commerce, CA 90040
No Agency Relationship
Except where provided for in a separate agreement with Hollar, no agency, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by the Terms & Conditions. Without limiting the foregoing, except as expressly set forth herein, Hollar is not acting and does not act as an agent for any user or visitor of the Website or Service.
Disclaimer
EXCEPT WHERE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE BY US, THE WEBSITE AND SERVICE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," AND ARE FOR USE SOLELY AS CONTRACTED HEREIN. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH THEREIN, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, GUARANTIES, AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE WEBSITE AND SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, GUARANTIES, AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND QUALITY OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THE WEBSITE EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE AND/OR MATERIALS ASSOCIATED WITH OR GOODS OFFERED VIA THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE, OR THE RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE, SERVICE AND/OR MATERIALS ASSOCIATED THEREWITH. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE OPERATION OR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; (B) THE QUALITY OF GOODS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIALS YOU PURCHASE OR OBTAIN THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; OR (C) THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, MATERIALS, OR THE SYSTEMS THAT MAKE THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE DO NOT CONTROL THE TRANSFER OF DATA OVER COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES, INCLUDING THE INTERNET, AND THAT THE WEBSITE, SERVICE AND/OR MATERIALS ASSOCIATED THEREWITH MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS, DELAYS, AND OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN THE USE OF SUCH COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DELAYS, DELIVERY FAILURES, OR OTHER DAMAGE RESULTING FROM SUCH PROBLEMS.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF HOLLAR, OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, AND SUPPLIERS, EXCEED $500.00. IN NO EVENT SHALL HOLLAR OR THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, INCLUDING HOLLAR INC. AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER, TELECOMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT, OR OTHER PROPERTY AND/OR FOR LOSS OF DATA, CONTENT, IMAGES, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCESSING OR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE AND THE SERVICE THEREWITH INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIALS, REGARDLESS OF CAUSE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, EVEN IF THE PARTY FROM WHICH DAMAGES ARE BEING SOUGHT OR THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDER HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION SHALL NOT APPLY IN THE EVENT OF CUSTOMER'S BREACH, OR RELATED TO ITS INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS. THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL NOT AFFECT THE RIGHTS LISTED BELOW IN THE SECTION TITLED “INDEMNIFICATION. ”
Indemnification
YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS HOLLAR INC., ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, AND SUPPLIERS FROM AND AGAINST ALL LOSSES, EXPENSES, DAMAGES AND COSTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ALL ATTORNEYS’ FEES CHARGED TO HOLLAR INC. OR ITS AFFILIATED PERSON/ENTITIES, RESULTING FROM ANY VIOLATION OF THE TERMS & CONDITIONS BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON ACCESSING THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE ON YOUR BEHALF.
Conflicts
Shall a conflict or contradiction exist between these Terms & Conditions and any others which relate specifically to a particular section of the Website, the specific terms relevant to that section shall prevail.
Severability
Any provision of the Terms & Conditions found to be unenforceable will not void nor effect other provisions of this agreement.
Resolution of Disputes – Mandatory Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
We offer the following process to help you resolve a complaint or Dispute (as defined below) that you may have with Hollar, any goods sold via the Website, or use of this Website. Please read this section carefully. Our Customer Service Department, which you can reach at support@hollar.com, can help you resolve most of your concerns. If our Customer Service Department is unable to resolve your complaint or Dispute, you agree to take the following steps to resolve any Dispute you may have with us.
Step 1. Notice of Dispute
You must first try to resolve any complaint or Dispute with us through our Notice of Dispute process. You begin by submitting a “Notice of Dispute” with any supporting documents or other information by U. S. Mail to:
Hollar Inc.
Attention: Notice of Dispute
2601 S. Malt Avenue
Commerce, CA 90040
A “Notice of Dispute” is a written form in which you provide your name, address, contact information, email address, the facts regarding your Dispute, and the relief you are requesting from us. Once we receive your Notice of Dispute, you and we will attempt to resolve any Dispute through informal negotiation within forty-five (45) days from the date the Notice of Dispute is received by us. If an agreement cannot be reached within forty-five (45) days of receipt of the Notice of Dispute, you or we may initiate an arbitration proceeding or small claims action as described below.
You agree that the term “Dispute” in this Agreement will have the broadest meaning possible. It applies to any dispute, action, or other controversy between you and us relating to the Website, any goods offered or purchased from us, any transaction or relationship between us resulting from your use of the Website or purchase of any goods from us, communications between us, the purchase/order/use of goods from the Website, or this Agreement – whether in contract, warranty, tort, laws or regulation. The term also applies to any dispute over the validity, enforceability, or scope of this arbitration provision.
Step 2: Arbitration
If your Dispute is not resolved to your satisfaction within 45 days from when we received your Notice of Dispute, you and we agree to arbitrate all Disputes between us. As we explain below, you and we also may also have the right to bring an individual action before a Small Claims Court for certain claims. You agree that arbitration or a small claims action will be your sole and exclusive remedy to resolve any dispute with us. The Federal Arbitration Act applies to this Agreement.
By agreeing to arbitrate, you are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) any and all Disputes in a court before a judge or jury (except Small Claims Court). Instead, a neutral arbitrator will resolve all Disputes.
To read more about arbitration, visit www.adr.org. The American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) will conduct any arbitration under its Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at that time. You can review the Consumer Arbitration Rules here. You may begin an arbitration with us by completing a Demand for Arbitration form, available by clicking here. The completed form(s) should be returned directly to the AAA. The AAA will assign someone to manage your case. You will be contacted with instructions for continuing the arbitration process. Be sure to keep a copy of everything you send to the administrator of your arbitration or us. If, for any reason, the AAA is unavailable, the parties shall mutually select another arbitration forum which will be governed by the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules. The AAA rules will determine whether the arbitration will take place through written submissions by you and us, by telephone, or in person.
Class Action Waiver
Any proceedings to resolve or litigate any Dispute in any forum will be conducted solely on an individual basis. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, consolidation of your Dispute with other arbitrations, or any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity or as a private attorney general are not permitted and are waived by you, and an arbitrator will have no jurisdiction to hear such claims. If a court or arbitrator finds that the class action waiver in this section is unenforceable as to all or some parts of a Dispute, then the class action waiver will not apply to those parts. Instead, those parts will be severed and proceed in a court of law, with the remaining parts proceeding in arbitration. If any other provision of this Dispute resolution section is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be severed with the remainder of this section remaining in full force and effect.
Costs
If you initiate an arbitration with the AAA, we will promptly reimburse you for any standard filing fee you may have been required to pay by the AAA, once you have notified us in writing and provided a copy of the arbitration demand. However, if we are the prevailing party in the arbitration, we will be entitled to seek and recover our attorneys’ fees and costs, subject to the arbitrator’s determination and applicable law.
Small Claims Option
You may also litigate any Dispute in Small Claims Court in the County of Los Angeles, California, if the Dispute meets all requirements to be heard in the small claims court. You can learn more about the Small Claims Court in the County of Los Angeles by clicking here. However, if you initiate a Small Claims case, you are responsible for all your court costs.
Choice of Law and Forum Selection
You agree that the laws of the State of California govern this agreement and any claim or Dispute or issues arising from it, without regard to California’s conflict of laws rules.
Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or Dispute as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any Disputes or claims that you may have against us reside in and will be resolved by a state or federal court located in Los Angeles County in the State of California and you agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
Notice for Users in California
This notice is for users of the Website residing in the State of California. Please be advised that the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be reached by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Miscellaneous
The Terms & Conditions (together with the Privacy Policy) represent the parties' entire understanding relating to the use of the Website and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. We reserve the right to change these Terms & Conditions or policies relating to the Website at any time and from time to time, and such changes will be effective upon being posted herein. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then current Terms & Conditions because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms & Conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of the Website, which may be posted from time to time. Your continued use of the Website after any such changes and/or postings shall constitute your consent to such changes. If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then such provision(s) shall be construed to reflect the intentions of the invalid or unenforceable provision(s), with all other provisions remaining in full force and effect.
You may not assign these Terms & Conditions without the prior written approval of Hollar. Any purported assignment in violation of this section shall be void. Hollar reserves the right to use third party providers in the provision of the Website and Service. In the event of any litigation of any controversy or dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms & Conditions, its interpretation, its performance, or the like, the prevailing party shall be awarded reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, court costs, and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses attributable to the prosecution or defense of that controversy or dispute. Any and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Hollar
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions or suggestions you might have regarding the Website. You may contact us at: support@hollar.com.
Terms & Conditions last modified on March 28, 2016.
Price Comparison"Price Comparison"
The comparative reference price shows the actual price offered for the same product at another online retailer which has been checked within the past 48 hours.
$2$25$2$10$2$12Welcome toGet ready to score gazillions of awesome stuff starting at JUST $1 ENJOY FREE SHIPPING on your first orderFemaleMaleJoin for FreeAlready a Member?By submitting you agree to the Terms of Service. You will receive email periodically and can opt-out at any time$2$15$2$4$2$6Login - Hollar | So. Much. Good. Stuff







 





              Created with sketchtool.             Created with Sketch.            Created with Sketch.                   Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                         Created with Sketch.               Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.            Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                   Created with sketchtool.               Created with Sketch.                  Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Created with sketchtool.              Created with sketchtool.               Created with sketchtool.                   Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreHomepage Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreWhat's New!Price Drop$1 ShopKids' BrandsCollectionsParty ThemesHomepageHomepage1501301810


Log in





Sign in with Facebook



or Sign In Below

Forgot Password?Create New Account


$2$25$2$10$2$12Welcome toGet ready to score gazillions of awesome stuff starting at JUST $1 ENJOY FREE SHIPPING on your first orderFemaleMaleJoin for FreeAlready a Member?By submitting you agree to the Terms of Service. You will receive email periodically and can opt-out at any time$2$15$2$4$2$6Contact Us - Hollar | So. Much. Good. Stuff







 





              Created with sketchtool.             Created with Sketch.            Created with Sketch.                   Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                         Created with Sketch.               Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.            Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                   Created with sketchtool.               Created with Sketch.                  Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Created with sketchtool.              Created with sketchtool.               Created with sketchtool.                   Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreHomepage Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreWhat's New!Price Drop$1 ShopKids' BrandsCollectionsParty ThemesHomepageHomepage1501301810Get to Know UsFAQsContact UsCalifornia Proposition 65Privacy PolicyTerms of ServicePrice ComparisonFAQsGeneral
What is Hollar?
Hollar is your destination for the coolest gifts and goods starting at just $1. With a gazillion categories to shop, there’s always something new to score each and every day. We’re all about making shopping insanely fun—and keeping wallets extra happy. ☺
What is the Hollar Marketplace?
We’re laser focused on providing shoppers with big savings across all categories. That’s
 why we’ve partnered with top sellers to bring you an even greater assortment of deals
 you’ll love. We mean it when we say So. Much. Good. Stuff.
Where do you ship from?
Items sold and fulfilled by Hollar ship from our fulfillment center in sunny Los Angeles,
 California. All other items are fulfilled by the respective marketplace seller in locations
 across the United States.
How long is the shipping time?
After the order is placed, the expected delivery time is 7-10 business days (Monday - Friday, excluding Holidays).
Why is there a $10 minimum?
Because we’re all about saving you tons of cash, a $10 order minimum helps us keep our prices and shipping costs irresistibly low. Don’t want to pay for shipping? Simply spend over $25 and shipping is on us!
Need help placing an order?
Send us a note at support@hollar.com or give us a call at 888-682-5119. Our support hours are Monday - Friday, 7am - 4pm PT.
Can I resell your products?
Hollar’s merchandise is offered for sale by us for your personal enjoyment only. We do not support the reselling of any of our items. 
Shipping
How much is shipping?
Shipping costs vary from deal to deal. You can view shipping costs on each product’s
individual page. Items sold and fulfilled by Hollar are eligible for free shipping! To qualify for free
shipping on a first-time order, the order must include at least $10 in items fulfilled by Hollar
(pre-tax). To qualify for free shipping on subsequent orders, the order must include at least $25
in items fulfilled by Hollar (pre-tax). The offer will automatically be applied at checkout for
qualifying orders. In addition, some items sold by marketplace sellers may be eligible for free
shipping. Just check the individual product page to see eligibility or shipping costs.
Can I expedite my shipping?
We are unable to expedite orders at this time, but we hope to expand those choices in the future. 
Where do you ship to?
We ship only to the 48 contiguous states in the United States.
Do you ship to Alaska and Hawaii?
We’re currently unable to ship to these states. Stay tuned as we work on expanding our shipping options to new locations.
Do you ship to APO/FPO addresses?
We don’t offer delivery to APO/FPO addresses at the moment. But hold tight—we’re working on spreading the Hollar love in more areas. 
Order & Payments
How can I edit my order or change my shipping address?
Email us at support@hollar.com. Please note that some orders are shipped shortly after placement and it may not always be possible to edit or cancel.
What payment methods do you accept?
We accept all major credit cards, including Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express as well as PayPal.
Returns
Can I return my Hollar items?
Yes! If you’re not 100% happy with our products, we’ll gladly accept returns within 365 days from your order date. Just send us an email at support@hollar.com. Please note that in addition to a restocking fee of $4.95, customers will also be responsible for any return shipping fees.
Can I return or exchange my marketplace item?
Returns and exchanges vary for each marketplace seller. Please check individual seller information for details.
Contact UsGot questions? We've got answers. Go ahead and shoot us a note!
 
Hollar Support Team
support@hollar.com
888-682-5119
Mon - Fri (7am - 4pm PT)
 
Business Development
bd@hollar.com
 
Press & Media
pr@hollar.com
 
Vendors & Suppliers
supplier@hollar.com
 
Want to Become an Affiliate?
Join our Affiliate Program
California Proposition 65California's Proposition 65 entitles California consumers to special warnings for products that contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm if those products expose consumers to such chemicals above certain threshold levels. We care about our customers' safety and hope that the information below helps with your buying decisions.
For more information and frequently asked questions about Proposition 65, go to OEHHA’s website at: https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65.  
For a fully updated list of all the chemicals and compounds that are known to the State of California to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity, go to:  https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65/proposition-65-list
For all products linked to this page, we provide the following general notice:
WARNING: This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Tools
WARNING: Some dust created by power sanding, sawing, grinding, drilling, and other construction activities contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Some examples of these chemicals are:

lead from lead-based paints,
crystalline silica from bricks and cement and other masonry products, and
arsenic and chromium from chemically treated lumber.

Your risk from exposure to these chemicals varies, depending on how often you do this type of work. To reduce your exposure, work in a well-ventilated area and with approved safety equipment, such as dust masks that are specially designed to filter out microscopic particles.
Lead Crystal Glasses
Lead levels in the crystal glasses sold in our Kitchen & Housewares Store comply with FDA standards.:
WARNING: Consuming foods or beverages that have been kept or served in leaded crystal products will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Ceramic Tableware
Lead levels in the ceramic tableware sold in our Kitchen & Housewares Store comply with FDA standards.:
WARNING: Use of this tableware will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Jewelry and Tiffany Style Lamps
WARNING: This product contains lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.
PVC Coated Products or PVC Coated Wires, Cords, Plugs & Connectors
WARNING: The plastic on this product contains lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.
Electrical Cords
WARNING: The wires of this product contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.
Motor Vehicles Parts & Accessories
WARNING: Motor vehicles contain fuel, oils and fluids, battery posts, terminals and related accessories which contain lead and lead compounds and other chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. These chemicals are found in vehicles, vehicle parts and accessories, both new and as replacements. When being serviced, these vehicles generate used oil, waste fluids, grease, fumes and particulates, all known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or reproductive harm.
Beauty Products
For beauty and skin care products that contain progesterone:
WARNING: This product contains progesterone, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer. Consult with your physician before using this product.
For beauty and skin care products that contain Cocamide Diethanolamine (Cocamide DEA):
WARNING: This product contains Cocamide DEA, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer. Consult with your physician before using this product.
For beauty and skin care products that contain Diethanolamine (or DEA):
WARNING: This product contains DEA, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer. Consult with your physician before using this product.
Fresh Fruits, Nuts, and Vegetables
WARNING: This product may contain a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Privacy PolicyThe Privacy Policy was last updated on: November 5, 2015
Hollar, Inc. (“Hollar” or “we” or “us”) created this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) in order to disclose how we use information we collect from users via the Hollar website located at www.Hollar.com (including any affiliated sub-domain and mobile applications and sites) and any services offered therefrom (including, without limitation, the distribution, sale or offered sale of goods) (collectively referred to hereafter as, the “Website”).  Because we gather important information from our users, visitors, publishers and customers (collectively “Users” or “you” or “your”), we have established this Privacy Policy as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices.  By accessing the Website, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy. 
Please note:  When you submit your personal information on or through the Website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  We may share information among our subsidiaries or other websites that we own or control, but such sharing of information is always governed under the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Please further note, depending on a User’s particular interaction with the Website (e.g. Users who solely navigate the Website versus Users who use the services offered through the Website), different portions of this Privacy Policy may apply to users at different times.
Hollar reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. If Hollar changes any portions of its Privacy Policy, the changes will be updated on this Privacy Policy page and Users should periodically review our Privacy Policy page for any such changes.  Your continued use of the Website after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change(s).
Information We Collect
Personal Information:  We may require Users who use the Website (whether via submission of queries, subscriptions or orders for Hollar’ services (collectively, the “Service”) to give us personally identifiable information, which may include but is not limited to the User’s name, mailing addresses (home and business), phone number, email address, age/birth date and credit card or other payment account information (collectively “Personal Information”).  Besides the Personal Information, we may also collect other information regarding your use of the Website.  From time to time, we may also collect or ask for additional Personal Information, which will also be expressly included herein as Personal Information.  You can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it or not using the Website, although not providing Personal Information may hinder your ability to use the Website and/or the Service.  
We use the information that we collect to provide and maintain the Website as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion and to provide the Service, and to provide any other services that you and Hollar agree to. Hollar may aggregate data that it obtains from Users to analyze trends, to gather data to benchmark best practices, and to monitor, improve and refine the functionality of the Website and the Service.
We may also use the information to contact you to further discuss interest in Hollar or the Service (including the products and services that we provide) and to send information regarding Hollar or its partners, such as promotions and events.  You may be invited to receive an email newsletter or other correspondence by providing an email address.  We may outsource all of these tasks to third parties.  However, your email address and any Personal Information will not be distributed or shared with third parties, unless it is to transact such business as you have contracted us to do, to comply with any legal processes and/or law enforcement requests, or in order to conduct any business as we, in our sole subjective discretion, deem reasonable.  If you voluntarily submit your e-mail address to use via the Website or use of Hollar’ products and services, such a submission constitutes your consent to receive e-mails from Hollar regarding updates to the Website or Service, and may send a newsletter, or other correspondence.  You will have an opportunity to unsubscribe to any emails or mailings by clicking on an “unsubscribe” hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you.  Even if you are removed from any such list, if you use the Website or Service or re-submit your e-mail address to the Website (either via the contact form, e-mail submission or otherwise), you will continue to receive email correspondence from Hollar related to the Website or Service.  Any opt-out by you is not deemed valid until processed by Hollar.  It is your obligation to verify that you have been opted-out.  Hollar shall not be liable for problems with the opt-out procedures.
Hollar may offer you the option of registering an account with the Website by logging in with an account you have established with certain third party sites (including, Facebook.com) (hereafter, the “Outside Account”).  By logging in via the Outside Account, you are granting Hollar the right to access, utilize and store (if applicable) information (including Personal Information as defined above) tied to your Outside Account in connection with your use of the Website.  Depending on the Outside Accounts you choose (and your privacy settings on that Outside Account), the information you make accessible via your Outside Account will be available to Hollar and on and through your Hollar user account.
Non-Personal Information:  We collect and use non-personally identifiable information, which is any information other than Personal Information and/or does not identify the specific individual, including, without limitation: IP address, the approximate geographic location of the User based on their IP address the type of browser and operating system used by the User, any interactions a User may initiate within the Website, the websites and web pages that Users visit or visited, User interactions with features of the Website, content preferences User selected within the Website and other inferences about the User’s interests made based upon the foregoing. This information is not intentionally gathered in a fashion to personally identify any single User.  We use this information to help us develop the Website and the Service, analyze patterns of usage, and to make the Website and the Service more useful.  Hollar may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to the Website, and Hollar utilizes Google Analytics to analyze the usage of the Website. For more information on Google Analytics and its privacy policy, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Minors
Hollar does not knowingly allow any visitors or users under the age of eighteen (18) or the age of majority in his/her relevant jurisdiction to use or otherwise access to the Website or the Service.  Hollar does not wish to collect any Personal Information (or any information at all) from any persons under 18 years old.  If you are under 18 years old, you may not use the Website or the Service.
Third Party Websites
The Website may contain links to other websites.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites.  You will need to check the privacy policies of these others websites to understand their policies.  When you access a linked site you may be disclosing private information.  It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential.
Cookies & Logs 
When you view the Website, we may store some information on your computer's hard drive. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie." “Cookies” are information files which your web browser places on your computer when you visit a web site.  Hollar uses cookies and session IDs to authenticate a User as he or she navigates various parts of the Website.  Cookies and session IDs may also be used to automate data entry functions.  For example, cookies may be used to enable a User to move through the Website without having to retype the User’s password.  Hollar does not obtain personal information via cookies or session IDs, and does not link any data collected through cookies or session IDs to any personal information. Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies and session IDs, but you can change your browser to prevent that. Without accepting a Cookie or session ID, your use of the Website and the Service may be affected.  
When you view the Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website.  These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
For California Users:  Please note, the Website is not presently configured to respond to DNT or “do not track” signals from web browsers or mobile devices.
Disclosure of User Information to Third Parties
In addition to the use of information described above, Hollar reserve the right to disclose information provided by Users (including Personal Information) as follows:
Disclosure By Law.  You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend Hollar’s or a third party’s rights or property; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened.  
Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers.  We may share your information with third party service providers to perform functions on our behalf. For example, outsourced customer care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform services for you. Your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than we authorize.  
Data/Information Transfer As a Result of Sale of Business.  In the event that Hollar is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, Hollar reserves the right to sell or transfer User information (including Personal Information) as part of any such transaction.  To the maximum extent allowable by law, the Privacy Policy will apply to the User information as transferred to the successor entity.  However, User information submitted after a transfer to a successor entity may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
Website Security
Please note that data that is transported over an open network, such as the Internet or e-mail, may be accessible to anybody.  We cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via such open networks.  When disclosing any personal information via an open network, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to others, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent.  In particular, while individual data packets are often encrypted, the names of the sender and recipient are not.  A third party may therefore be able to trace an existing bank account or relationship or one that is subsequently created.  Even if both the sender and recipient are located in the same country data may also be transmitted via such networks to other countries regularly and without controls, including to countries that do not afford the same level of data protection as your country of domicile. 
Password-protected areas of the Website can be accessed only with a valid user name and password.  Each password owner is responsible for keeping the password confidential and safe, as Hollar has no control or responsibility for this type of User information.  If the password may have been stolen or might otherwise be misused, it is the responsibility of the password owner to notify Hollar immediately for further action.
Your data may be lost during transmission or may be accessed by unauthorized parties. We do not accept any liability for direct or indirect losses as regards the security of your Personal Information or data during its transfer via Internet.  Please use other means of communication if you think this is necessary or prudent for security reasons. 
International Users
The Website and the Service are exclusively hosted in the United States.  If you are a User accessing the Website or the Service from the European Union, Australia, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as such other regions.  User information (including Personal Information or “personal data” as defined by foreign laws) collected through the Website or the Service may be stored and processed in the United States, and by using the Website or the Service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your home country. 
Additional Information
This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms & Conditions of the Website and any use of the Website is governed by those Terms & Conditions.  Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Website should be directed to Hollar by emailing such questions to support@hollar.com.
Updates to our Privacy Policy
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, they will be reflected on this web page. In some cases and in our sole discretion, we also may send an email notifying users of the changes. You should check this Website periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred.
Legal Disclaimer
The Website and the Service operate "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE," without warranties of any other kind.  We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control.  This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of law principles. Subject and without waiver to the dispute resolution procedures set forth in the Terms & Conditions, any legal actions against Hollar, Inc. arising out of or related to the Website or the Service must be commenced in the county of Los Angeles in the state of California in the United States of America.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of or your dealings with the Website or the Service, please contact us at:  support@hollar.com
Terms of ServiceWelcome to the Hollar website (www.Hollar.com) hosted by Hollar Inc. (hereafter also referred to as “Hollar” “we” and “us”). Please review the following terms and conditions concerning your use of and access to the Hollar website located at Hollar.com (including any affiliated sub-domain and mobile applications and sites) and any services offered therefrom (including, without limitation, the distribution, sale or offer of goods for sale) (collectively referred to hereafter as, the “Website”). By accessing, using, subscribing, purchasing or downloading any goods, materials or content from the Website, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions (the “Terms & Conditions”) and any other terms and conditions embodied in any other agreements you enter into with us. If you do not agree with the Terms & Conditions, you may not use the Website.
NOTICE OF ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, SET FORTH BELOW, WHICH AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS ABOUT RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE WITH THE COMPANY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.
The Terms & Conditions together with the Privacy Policy explain how we operate the Website, the ways that you are permitted to use the Website, tools available at the Website, and any support services (including online and mobile access to our software) available through use of the Website (collectively referred to hereafter as the “Service”).
General
These Terms & Conditions apply to ALL transactions made on or through this Website. This Agreement is governed by the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act. You manifest your agreement to the terms and conditions in this Agreement by any act demonstrating your assent thereto, including clicking any button containing the words “I agree” or similar syntax, by accessing the Website, or purchasing any goods through the Website, whether you have read these terms or not. It is suggested that you print this Agreement for your personal records.
Privacy
Any information (including personally identifiable information and payment account information) you submit to our site is governed by the Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy encompasses any and all information you may provide to our site either for purposes of creating an account, submitting an order or inquiry or to receive further information, updates and promotions about or related to the Website or Service.
Changes to the Terms & Conditions
We reserve the right to change the Terms & Conditions at any time by posting an updated version to this web page to reflect those changes. Changes to the Terms & Conditions may arise for a variety of reasons, including without limitation, changes in market conditions affecting our business, technology or our business model, relevant laws and regulatory requirements, and our systems.
You agree to periodically review the Terms & Conditions from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you. Continued access or use of our site shall be deemed conclusive evidence of your acceptance of any modified terms or conditions.
Accessing and Using the Website/Service
Limited License to Use the Website/Service and Related Restrictions
Subject to and conditional upon your compliance with the Terms & Conditions and other agreements between you and Hollar (including any payment terms), Hollar hereby grants to you a limited, reversible, non-exclusive, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable license to use certain software applications and platforms accessible through the Website/Service (collectively, “Hollar Software”). Hollar reserves all other rights in Hollar Software not expressly granted to you in the Terms. You may not use Hollar Software in any manner that could: (i) damage, disable, overburden, or impair the software application or platform (or any server or networks connected thereto), or (ii) interfere with any third party's use and/or enjoyment of the software application or platform (or any server or networks connected thereto).
Except as expressly specified in the Terms & Conditions, you may not: (a) copy or modify the Hollar Software; (b) transfer, sublicense, lease, lend, rent or otherwise distribute Hollar Software to any third party; or (c) use the Hollar Software in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with the Terms & Conditions. You acknowledge and agree that portions of the Hollar Software, including, without limitation, the source code and the specific design and structure of individual modules or programs, constitute or contain trade secrets of Hollar and its licensors. Accordingly, you agree not to disassemble, decompile or otherwise reverse engineer any components of the Hollar Software provided in object code or any other Hollar products or services, in whole or in part, or permit or authorize a third party to do so, except to the extent such activities are expressly permitted by law notwithstanding this prohibition.
Mobile Application License
Subject to your compliance with these Terms & Conditions, Hollar grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Hollar mobile application and to access the Hollar Website via a single mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of Hollar mobile application solely for your own personal use.
You shall not (i) license, sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit or make available to any third party the Hollar mobile application in any way; (ii) modify or make derivative works based upon the Website or Hollar mobile application; (iii) create Internet “links” to the Website or “frame” or “mirror” the Hollar mobile application on any other server or wireless or Internet-based device; (iv) reverse engineer or access the Hollar mobile application in order to (a) design or build a competitive product or service, (b) design or build a product using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Website or Hollar mobile application, or (c) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Website or Hollar mobile application, or (v) launch an automated program or script, including, but not limited to, web spiders, web crawlers, web robots, web ants, web indexers, bots, viruses or worms, or any program which may make multiple server requests per second, or unduly burdens or hinders the operation and/or performance of the Website or Hollar mobile application.
App Store Sourced Application
With respect to any application accessed through or downloaded from the Apple App Store (“App Store Sourced Application”), you agree that you will use the App Store Sourced Application only: (i) on an Apple-branded product that runs iOS (Apple’s proprietary operating system software) ; and (ii) as permitted by the “Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service. Hollar reserves all rights in and to the application not expressly granted to you under these Terms & Conditions.
You acknowledge and agree that (i) these Terms & Conditions are valid between you and Hollar only, and not Apple, and (ii) Hollar, not Apple, is solely responsible for the App Store Sourced Application and content thereof. Your use of the App Store Sourced Application must comply with the App Store Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App Store Sourced Application.
In the event of any failure of the App Store Sourced Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will, where applicable, refund the purchase price for the App Store Sourced Application to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App Store Sourced Application. As between Hollar and Apple, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Hollar.
You acknowledge that, as between Hollar and Apple, Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of the App Store Sourced Application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App Store Sourced Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of that App Store Sourced Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between Hollar and Apple, Hollar, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries relating to your license of the App Store Sourced Application, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the rights under these Terms & Conditions as related to your license of the App Store Sourced Application against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
Without limiting any other provisions of these Terms & Conditions, you must comply with all applicable third party terms of agreement when using the App Store Sourced Application.
Customer Account Access
In order to utilize certain services offered by the Website, you may need to create a customer account. You agree to (a) create only one account; (b) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information when creating your account; (c) maintain and promptly update your account information; (d) maintain the security of your account by not sharing your username or password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer; (e) promptly notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches relating to the Website or your account; and (f) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access.
By creating a customer account, you consent to receive electronic communications from Hollar either in the form of email sent to you at the email address listed on your account or by communications posted on the Website. You acknowledge and agree that any electronic communication in the form of such email or posting on the Website shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.
Terms of Sale
All product sales from the Website are governed by any terms of sale that may be posted on the Website. Prices and offers are subject to change. You should refer to our terms of sale to learn more about our return policy, and shipping terms located at FAQs. By ordering and/or accepting delivery of the products, you agree to be bound by these terms of sale. The terms of sale are subject to change without prior notice at any time, in Hollar’s sole discretion, so you should review the terms of sale each time you make a purchase. Additional information may be found in our online shopping sections of the Website.
We accept the following bank or credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. For your convenience, we will save your bank or credit card information. You may be charged local tax, if applicable. If your payment method is declined, we will attempt to process your charge until the transaction is approved. If we are unable to complete the transaction, Client Services may contact you directly to update your account information.
We are not responsible for any fees or charges that your bank or credit card issuer may apply. If your bank or credit card issuer reverses a charge to your credit card, we may bill your account directly and seek payment by another method including a mailed statement. The risk of loss and title for items purchased by you passes to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier.
Sales Tax Policy
In connection with the sales of goods, the Website collects and remits sales tax as required by applicable law.
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Website. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Information at the Website
We attempt to ensure that information on the Website is complete, accurate and current. Despite our efforts, certain information on the Website may be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. We make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on our site. We reserve the right to amend the Website/Service without warning. Unless otherwise agreed to by us in writing, all features, content, specifications, products, services, and, as applicable, prices of products and services described or depicted on the Website are subject to change at any time without notice.
"Price Comparison"
The comparative reference price shows the actual price offered for the same product at another online retailer which has been checked within the past 48 hours.
Security
By creating an account with us, you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information (including without limitation, username and password). You must treat your username and password, and any other security details, as confidential, and not disclose it to any other person. You must also prevent unauthorized access to your account. In addition, you must: (a) log off from your account at the end of each session on our site and (b) notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your username and password or any other breach of security. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account.
Restrictions on and Termination of Use of the Website/Service
We have the right to suspend or close any account with us and block your use of our site if you have failed to comply with any part of the Terms & Conditions (as determined by us in our sole discretion). You understand that your account is individual to you and/or your organization, and we may suspend or close your account if you attempt to transfer or use your account to/for another person or organization. You are responsible for ensuring that any and all persons you authorize to use your account with us are aware of the Terms & Conditions, and that they fully comply with them. We reserve the right to refuse to provide access to the Website or to provide the Service, to any person or organization for any reason. It is your obligation to comply with all applicable state, federal and international laws.
In consideration of being allowed to use our site, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these Terms & Conditions:

Collecting information about our site, users of our site or our services without our written consent;
Modifying, framing, rendering (or re-rendering), mirroring, truncating, injecting, filtering or changing any content or information contained in our site, without our written consent.
Using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, Internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor our site or any portion thereof;
Accessing or using our site for competitive purposes;
Disguising the origin of information transmitted to, from, or through the Website;
Impersonating another person or representative of an organization;
Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code;
Allowing any other person or entity to impersonate you to access or use our site;
Using our site or our services for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, international laws or regulations;
Using our site or our services in a way that is intended to harm, or a reasonable person would understand would likely result in harm, to the user or others; and
Circumventing any measures implemented by us aimed at preventing violations of the Terms & Conditions.

Minors May Not Use the Website/Service
You must be at least 18 years old and can form legally binding contracts under applicable laws in your jurisdiction, to use the Website or Service. We do not accept users who are under the age of 18 or the age of majority in his/her relevant jurisdiction. By using the Website or Service or submitting any inquiries, orders or information to us, you represent and affirm that you are at least 18 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction.
Inviting Friends and Earning Referral Credit
When you invite a friend to register for an account at Hollar.com, you and your friend will both receive a $2 Referral Credit for each friend who makes a qualified first purchase.  Your friend must be a new member of Hollar (this offer excludes returning or existing members) and live in a different household
You will only receive a Referral Credit for your friend's first qualified purchase if the purchase was a result of an invite from you via an authorized referral method.  If your friend does not click on the personal referral link in their invite email or other invite mechanism to accept your invitation, you may not receive a Referral Credit and we will have no liability to you because there is no discernible way to identify that the purchase resulted from your referral.
A qualified purchase is considered a member’s first Hollar purchase.  There is no limit to the amount of Referral Credits you can earn and Referral Credits will accrue with every eligible friend you refer.  You can track your Referral Credits by visiting the Refer-a-Friend section in My Account.
If two people refer the same friend, the friend who sent the link that is used to create the new member's account will be considered the referring friend, regardless of which link was sent to the new member first.  There is a limit of one Referral Credit per new email address that is registered on Hollar.com.
You may not use spam or send unsolicited emails to people you don't personally know to collect Referral Credits and you may not collect Referral Credits by posting on message boards or other online venues in violation of such venues' terms of use.
See the Privacy Policy for how information is stored.
Spending Referral Credit
Referral Credits are valid for 12 months from issuance.  Your Referral Credits are automatically applied to your purchases at checkout in the order in which they expire (i.e., first to expire will be applied first).
You can check the amount of Referral Credits you have earned and their associated expiration dates at any time by visiting the Refer-a-Friend section in My Account.
Prohibitions and Cancellation
Referral Credits are issued to a single Hollar.com account holder at our discretion and cannot be transferred between accounts or between users.  Credits cannot be bartered, exchanged, or sold.
Referral Credits are a promotional offer and are not a payment instruments.  Referral Credits are issued without any exchange of money or value from you and you have no vested property right or interest in them.
Referral Credits have no cash value by themselves; they are only deemed to have a notional cash value of $2 if they are used in connection with an eligible purchase on our site.
We reserve the right to limit or cancel your Referral Credits in our sole discretion if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Service, including through fraudulent or misleading referral activity (for example, by inviting fake people to join Hollar, using false names, using multiple email accounts or email addresses, impersonating another person or otherwise providing false or misleading information to us) or if we terminate your account for any reason.  You may also be liable for civil and/or criminal penalties under applicable law.
Changes to Referral Credit Terms
We reserve the right in our sole discretion at any time and without prior notice to you, to add to, remove or otherwise change the terms applicable to the issuance and use of Referral Credits. Such changes may include, without limitation, how you may earn and spend Referral Credits, how long Referral Credits last, minimum purchase amounts with which Referral Credits may be used and the lifetime maximum amount of Referral Credits that you may earn.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may contain links to other websites which may be of interest to you. We are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us of the linked website and/or the content and materials found at the linked website, except as specifically stated otherwise by us. It is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses or other items of an intrusive nature. We do not accept responsibility for those sites. Accessing any such links from our site to gain access to other websites is at your own risk.
Intellectual Property Rights
Except where expressly stated otherwise, Hollar or its licensors, including without limitation, Hollar Inc., is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights located on the Website, in the materials published or otherwise made available on the Website and through the Service. Those works, marks or inventions are protected by copyright, patent and trademark laws and treaties around the world and may not be modified, copied, printed, reproduced, distributed, republished, performed, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted and/or otherwise used in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or other means, unless expressly permitted by us. Except where expressly provided otherwise by us, nothing on our site may be construed to confer any license or ownership right in or materials published or otherwise made available through our site or our services, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. All rights not granted to you in these terms are reserved.
Copyright and Trademark Infringement Notice:
Hollar respects the intellectual property rights of others. All users of the Website represent and warrant they shall comply with all applicable copyright and trademark laws. In the event we receive proper notification of claimed copyright or trademark infringement, the response to such notice may include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and possibly terminating your account and/or the right to use our Website and Services. If you believe any material on our site constitutes an infringement of a copyright or trademark you own, you may file a notice of infringement to the contact identified below. A user who materially misrepresents that material is infringing will be liable for the costs incurred by us and our associated persons, including attorney fees. Accordingly, if you are uncertain whether you are or you represent the proper copyright holder or trademark holder, or if copyright and trademark laws protect the subject materials, you are strongly advised to consult a qualified attorney at your own expense.
We rely on a network of independent affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, third-party product providers, third-party content providers, vendors, suppliers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors and the like (collectively, “Associates”) who supply some of the goods advertised on the Website. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, we are not liable for any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other proprietary or intellectual property rights arising out of content posted on or transmitted through the Website, or items advertised on the Website, by our Associates. If you believe that your rights under intellectual property laws are being violated by any content posted on or transmitted through the Website, or items advertised on the Website, please contact us promptly so that we may investigate the situation and, if appropriate, block or remove the offending content and/or advertisements. It is our policy to disable access to infringing materials, and to terminate access of repeat infringers to the Website.
In order for us to investigate any claim of copyright or trademark infringement, you must provide us with the following information, transmitted by email or regular mail, setting forth the following:

(i) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright or trademark owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
(ii) detailed identification of the copyrighted work or trademark claimed to have been infringed;
(iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
(iv) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address;
(v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

Copyright or Trademark Infringement Notifications should be addressed as follows:
Email: copyright@hollar.com
Mail: Hollar Inc.
Attention: Notice of Intellectual Property Infringement
2601 S. Malt Avenue
Commerce, CA 90040
No Agency Relationship
Except where provided for in a separate agreement with Hollar, no agency, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by the Terms & Conditions. Without limiting the foregoing, except as expressly set forth herein, Hollar is not acting and does not act as an agent for any user or visitor of the Website or Service.
Disclaimer
EXCEPT WHERE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE BY US, THE WEBSITE AND SERVICE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," AND ARE FOR USE SOLELY AS CONTRACTED HEREIN. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH THEREIN, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, GUARANTIES, AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE WEBSITE AND SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, GUARANTIES, AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND QUALITY OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THE WEBSITE EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE AND/OR MATERIALS ASSOCIATED WITH OR GOODS OFFERED VIA THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE, OR THE RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE, SERVICE AND/OR MATERIALS ASSOCIATED THEREWITH. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE OPERATION OR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; (B) THE QUALITY OF GOODS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIALS YOU PURCHASE OR OBTAIN THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; OR (C) THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, MATERIALS, OR THE SYSTEMS THAT MAKE THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE DO NOT CONTROL THE TRANSFER OF DATA OVER COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES, INCLUDING THE INTERNET, AND THAT THE WEBSITE, SERVICE AND/OR MATERIALS ASSOCIATED THEREWITH MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS, DELAYS, AND OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN THE USE OF SUCH COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DELAYS, DELIVERY FAILURES, OR OTHER DAMAGE RESULTING FROM SUCH PROBLEMS.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF HOLLAR, OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, AND SUPPLIERS, EXCEED $500.00. IN NO EVENT SHALL HOLLAR OR THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, INCLUDING HOLLAR INC. AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER, TELECOMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT, OR OTHER PROPERTY AND/OR FOR LOSS OF DATA, CONTENT, IMAGES, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCESSING OR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE AND THE SERVICE THEREWITH INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIALS, REGARDLESS OF CAUSE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, EVEN IF THE PARTY FROM WHICH DAMAGES ARE BEING SOUGHT OR THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDER HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION SHALL NOT APPLY IN THE EVENT OF CUSTOMER'S BREACH, OR RELATED TO ITS INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS. THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL NOT AFFECT THE RIGHTS LISTED BELOW IN THE SECTION TITLED “INDEMNIFICATION. ”
Indemnification
YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS HOLLAR INC., ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, AND SUPPLIERS FROM AND AGAINST ALL LOSSES, EXPENSES, DAMAGES AND COSTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ALL ATTORNEYS’ FEES CHARGED TO HOLLAR INC. OR ITS AFFILIATED PERSON/ENTITIES, RESULTING FROM ANY VIOLATION OF THE TERMS & CONDITIONS BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON ACCESSING THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE ON YOUR BEHALF.
Conflicts
Shall a conflict or contradiction exist between these Terms & Conditions and any others which relate specifically to a particular section of the Website, the specific terms relevant to that section shall prevail.
Severability
Any provision of the Terms & Conditions found to be unenforceable will not void nor effect other provisions of this agreement.
Resolution of Disputes – Mandatory Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
We offer the following process to help you resolve a complaint or Dispute (as defined below) that you may have with Hollar, any goods sold via the Website, or use of this Website. Please read this section carefully. Our Customer Service Department, which you can reach at support@hollar.com, can help you resolve most of your concerns. If our Customer Service Department is unable to resolve your complaint or Dispute, you agree to take the following steps to resolve any Dispute you may have with us.
Step 1. Notice of Dispute
You must first try to resolve any complaint or Dispute with us through our Notice of Dispute process. You begin by submitting a “Notice of Dispute” with any supporting documents or other information by U. S. Mail to:
Hollar Inc.
Attention: Notice of Dispute
2601 S. Malt Avenue
Commerce, CA 90040
A “Notice of Dispute” is a written form in which you provide your name, address, contact information, email address, the facts regarding your Dispute, and the relief you are requesting from us. Once we receive your Notice of Dispute, you and we will attempt to resolve any Dispute through informal negotiation within forty-five (45) days from the date the Notice of Dispute is received by us. If an agreement cannot be reached within forty-five (45) days of receipt of the Notice of Dispute, you or we may initiate an arbitration proceeding or small claims action as described below.
You agree that the term “Dispute” in this Agreement will have the broadest meaning possible. It applies to any dispute, action, or other controversy between you and us relating to the Website, any goods offered or purchased from us, any transaction or relationship between us resulting from your use of the Website or purchase of any goods from us, communications between us, the purchase/order/use of goods from the Website, or this Agreement – whether in contract, warranty, tort, laws or regulation. The term also applies to any dispute over the validity, enforceability, or scope of this arbitration provision.
Step 2: Arbitration
If your Dispute is not resolved to your satisfaction within 45 days from when we received your Notice of Dispute, you and we agree to arbitrate all Disputes between us. As we explain below, you and we also may also have the right to bring an individual action before a Small Claims Court for certain claims. You agree that arbitration or a small claims action will be your sole and exclusive remedy to resolve any dispute with us. The Federal Arbitration Act applies to this Agreement.
By agreeing to arbitrate, you are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) any and all Disputes in a court before a judge or jury (except Small Claims Court). Instead, a neutral arbitrator will resolve all Disputes.
To read more about arbitration, visit www.adr.org. The American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) will conduct any arbitration under its Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at that time. You can review the Consumer Arbitration Rules here. You may begin an arbitration with us by completing a Demand for Arbitration form, available by clicking here. The completed form(s) should be returned directly to the AAA. The AAA will assign someone to manage your case. You will be contacted with instructions for continuing the arbitration process. Be sure to keep a copy of everything you send to the administrator of your arbitration or us. If, for any reason, the AAA is unavailable, the parties shall mutually select another arbitration forum which will be governed by the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules. The AAA rules will determine whether the arbitration will take place through written submissions by you and us, by telephone, or in person.
Class Action Waiver
Any proceedings to resolve or litigate any Dispute in any forum will be conducted solely on an individual basis. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, consolidation of your Dispute with other arbitrations, or any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity or as a private attorney general are not permitted and are waived by you, and an arbitrator will have no jurisdiction to hear such claims. If a court or arbitrator finds that the class action waiver in this section is unenforceable as to all or some parts of a Dispute, then the class action waiver will not apply to those parts. Instead, those parts will be severed and proceed in a court of law, with the remaining parts proceeding in arbitration. If any other provision of this Dispute resolution section is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be severed with the remainder of this section remaining in full force and effect.
Costs
If you initiate an arbitration with the AAA, we will promptly reimburse you for any standard filing fee you may have been required to pay by the AAA, once you have notified us in writing and provided a copy of the arbitration demand. However, if we are the prevailing party in the arbitration, we will be entitled to seek and recover our attorneys’ fees and costs, subject to the arbitrator’s determination and applicable law.
Small Claims Option
You may also litigate any Dispute in Small Claims Court in the County of Los Angeles, California, if the Dispute meets all requirements to be heard in the small claims court. You can learn more about the Small Claims Court in the County of Los Angeles by clicking here. However, if you initiate a Small Claims case, you are responsible for all your court costs.
Choice of Law and Forum Selection
You agree that the laws of the State of California govern this agreement and any claim or Dispute or issues arising from it, without regard to California’s conflict of laws rules.
Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or Dispute as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any Disputes or claims that you may have against us reside in and will be resolved by a state or federal court located in Los Angeles County in the State of California and you agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
Notice for Users in California
This notice is for users of the Website residing in the State of California. Please be advised that the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be reached by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Miscellaneous
The Terms & Conditions (together with the Privacy Policy) represent the parties' entire understanding relating to the use of the Website and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. We reserve the right to change these Terms & Conditions or policies relating to the Website at any time and from time to time, and such changes will be effective upon being posted herein. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then current Terms & Conditions because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms & Conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of the Website, which may be posted from time to time. Your continued use of the Website after any such changes and/or postings shall constitute your consent to such changes. If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then such provision(s) shall be construed to reflect the intentions of the invalid or unenforceable provision(s), with all other provisions remaining in full force and effect.
You may not assign these Terms & Conditions without the prior written approval of Hollar. Any purported assignment in violation of this section shall be void. Hollar reserves the right to use third party providers in the provision of the Website and Service. In the event of any litigation of any controversy or dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms & Conditions, its interpretation, its performance, or the like, the prevailing party shall be awarded reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, court costs, and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses attributable to the prosecution or defense of that controversy or dispute. Any and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Hollar
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions or suggestions you might have regarding the Website. You may contact us at: support@hollar.com.
Terms & Conditions last modified on March 28, 2016.
Price Comparison"Price Comparison"
The comparative reference price shows the actual price offered for the same product at another online retailer which has been checked within the past 48 hours.
$2$25$2$10$2$12Welcome toGet ready to score gazillions of awesome stuff starting at JUST $1 ENJOY FREE SHIPPING on your first orderFemaleMaleJoin for FreeAlready a Member?By submitting you agree to the Terms of Service. You will receive email periodically and can opt-out at any time$2$15$2$4$2$6Party Themes - Hollar | So. Much. Good. Stuff







 





              Created with sketchtool.             Created with Sketch.            Created with Sketch.                   Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                         Created with Sketch.               Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.            Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                   Created with sketchtool.               Created with Sketch.                  Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Created with sketchtool.              Created with sketchtool.               Created with sketchtool.                   Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreHomepage Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreWhat's New!Price Drop$1 ShopKids' BrandsCollectionsParty ThemesHomepageHomepage1501301810Party ThemesNew and improved! Now effortlessly shop by top themes and save big on bundles!Featured PartiesMy Little PonyPony up for a pretty-in-pink birthday bash.ShopkinsFor the ultimate Shopkins party, step this way… Emoji BashFlaunt your emoji love IRL with the perfect emoji party picks.More PartiesMinnie MouseMust-haves for a perfectly pink Minnie party.  Mickey MouseFact: birthdays are better with the classic character.  Disney PrincessAll the supplies you need for a royally cute bash. Spider-ManPrep for web-slinging surprises with these goodies.FrozenHit this party supply stash for lots of Frozen magic.AvengersMake it an action-packed party for your little hero.  Teenage Mutant Ninja TurtlesEverything you need for a bash with major turtle power.Despicable MeGo bananas! Supplies with tons of minion magic.BatmanCrime fighting + partying = Batman’s specialties.PAW PatrolBirthday planning? Ryder and the pup gang are on the case!The Secret Life of PetsTake it from us, these pets really know how to party. Jurassic WorldAmp up the action with dino-charged party must-haves.PiratesArrr you ready for a buccaneering bash? Dock here.Safari 1st BirthdayWildly fun party picks for the little one’s big day.  1st BirthdayCelebrate baby’s big day with too-cute themes.Lively LadybugsSeriously cute supplies for your little ladybugs.UmbrellaphantsUmbrellas, elephants, and a ton of charm for your shower. Bride to BeLet the pre-wedding bridal celebrations begin!Pastel Baby ShowerColor your shower with a spectrum of soft-n-sweet hues. Gender RevealUnveil the big surprise with all the right supplies.  RainbowBright on! Hue-happy essentials for an eye-catching bash.USAStars, stripes, and endless all-American fun.Pick a Color, Any Color!Splash your bash with the perfect color themes.$2$25$2$10$2$12Welcome toGet ready to score gazillions of awesome stuff starting at JUST $1 ENJOY FREE SHIPPING on your first orderFemaleMaleJoin for FreeAlready a Member?By submitting you agree to the Terms of Service. You will receive email periodically and can opt-out at any time$2$15$2$4$2$6Categories - Hollar | So. Much. Good. Stuff







 





              Created with sketchtool.             Created with Sketch.            Created with Sketch.                   Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                         Created with Sketch.               Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.            Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                   Created with sketchtool.               Created with Sketch.                  Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Created with sketchtool.              Created with sketchtool.               Created with sketchtool.                   Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreHomepage Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreWhat's New!Price Drop$1 ShopKids' BrandsCollectionsParty ThemesHomepageHomepage1501301810CategoriesBack to SchoolBundlesBackpacksLunchwareSnacksNotebooks & PaperBinders & FoldersPens & HighlightersPencils, Erasers & SharpenersCrayons & MarkersRulers, Protractors & CompassesScissors, Glue & TapeArts & CraftsDry Erase Board & MarkersLicensed School SuppliesApparel & AccessoriesUniformsClassroom Supplies & EssentialsBuy in Bulk$1 and Under$2 and Under$3 and UnderPre K - Grade 3Grades 4-8Grades 9-12Teacher CornerPrice DropToysBabyBeautyElectronicsHealthHome & KitchenHousehold & PetOffice, School & CraftsParty & SeasonalApparel & AccessoriesSummer$1 Summer Steals$2 Summer StealsBBQSummer ToysGardeningApparel & AccessoriesPersonal CareKids' BrandsShopkinsPAW PatrolFinding DoryLalaloopsyMinnie & Mickey MousePokémonTeenage Mutant Ninja TurtlesHello KittyMy Little PonyMelissa & DougFisher-PriceFrozenDisney CarsEssentials$1 & Under Personal Care$1 & Under Cleaning SuppliesCleaning Supplies & ToolsOral CareBath & Body CareWomen’s Personal CareMen’s Personal CarePharmacy & First AidBatteriesBaby CareOfficePantryDry GroceryCandy & SnacksBreakfast & CerealCondiments, Spreads & SpicesBakingBeveragesHome & KitchenBakeware & CookwareBed & BathDining & DrinkwareStorage & OrganizationHome DécorKitchen Gadgets & AccessoriesKitchen StorageWall ArtsToysAction Figures & VehiclesDolls & Make BelieveGames, Puzzles & BlocksNovelty ToysStuffed Animals & Plush ToysBlind BagsSummer Toys$1 Shop$1 Apparel & Accessories$1 Baby$1 Beauty$1 Electronics$1 Health$1 Home & Kitchen$1 Happy Hour$1 Household & Pet$1 Office, School, & Crafts$1 ToysCosmetics ShowcaseL.A. GirlL.A. ColorsOPIRevlonEssieK-BeautyNYXChina GlazeRimmel LondonMaybellinee.l.f.Office & SchoolBackpacks & LunchKids' Licensed StationeryWritingTools & EquipmentActivity Sets & BooksPaper, Notebooks & OrganizationCraft & Art SuppliesScrapbooking & StickersBabyFeeding & DiaperingNursery & GearStyleKids' AccessoriesKids' ApparelTravel AccessoriesMen's AccessoriesMen's ApparelWomen's AccessoriesWomen's ApparelPartyBalloons & DecorationsGift Bags & CardsInvitations & Thank You CardsParty FavorsParty PropsTablewareHalloweenThanksgivingChristmasBeautyEyesLipsFaceBeauty Tools & AccessoriesSkin CareNail & Foot CareHair CareFragranceHealthHealth & First AidPersonal CareFitnessHousehold & PetHardwareHousehold CleaningPaper & DisposablePet SuppliesBulkToysOffice, School & CraftsTechCell Phone Cases & AccessoriesElectronic GadgetsEntertainmentBatteries & Power Banks$2$25$2$10$2$12Welcome toGet ready to score gazillions of awesome stuff starting at JUST $1 ENJOY FREE SHIPPING on your first orderFemaleMaleJoin for FreeAlready a Member?By submitting you agree to the Terms of Service. You will receive email periodically and can opt-out at any time$2$15$2$4$2$6


Products | Hollar Seeds



















































Navigation
Hollar Seeds



Search for:












Hollar Seeds   Products 

Products



  
			Cucumbers (5) 


  
			Gourds (16) 


  
			Melons (31) 


  
			Pumpkins (21) 


  
			Summer Squash (19) 


  
			Watermelon (23) 


  
			Winter Squash (19) 





Product SubcategoriesCucumbers
Gourds
Melons
Pumpkins
Summer Squash
Watermelon
Winter Squash




Hollar Seeds   Products



 719-254-7411 719-254-3539 





About Hollar Seeds is a family owned vegetable seed company that has specialized in the breeding and development of cucurbits since 1950. Our exclusive global distributor network receives the professional and modern varieties you expect from a large company, with the personal customer service you receive from a small company.
Read More >>

 

Pages 
About
Contact
Distributors
History
My Account
Product Catalog
Products
Research and Development

 

Contact Hollar Seeds
18875 US-50
Rocky Ford, CO 81067
Tel: 719-254-7411
Fax: 719-254-3539

 

















Hollar | So. Much. Good. Stuff - Hollar | So. Much. Good. Stuff







 





              Created with sketchtool.             Created with Sketch.            Created with Sketch.                   Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                         Created with Sketch.               Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.            Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                   Created with sketchtool.               Created with Sketch.                  Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Created with sketchtool.              Created with sketchtool.               Created with sketchtool.                   Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreHomepage Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreWhat's New!Price Drop$1 ShopKids' BrandsCollectionsParty ThemesHomepageHomepage1501301810
Shop BestsellersSort ByBestsellersNew Items$3Alpine Cuisine 10-Piece Glass Bowl Set+ More optionsLike This$275Playskool Colored Pencils - 24 CountLike This$5Home Basics 6-Piece Bamboo Kitchen Tool SetLike This$3Board Dudes: Dry Erase Cork Board PlannerLike This$69929" Red, Yellow and Blue Inflatable Swimming Po...NewItemLike This$79949" Jumbo Pink Frosted Bitten Doughnut Inflatab...NewItemLike This$2Pencils With Novelty Erasers - 12 CountNewItemLike This$1Disney Princess Composition Notebook+ More optionsNewItemLike This$999Agiato Women's 3-in-1 Maxi Dress+ More optionsNewItemLike This$1Fruit Scented Glitter Color Gel Pens - 6 CountLike This$10Nick Jr. Shimmer & Shine 5-Piece Backpack SetLike This$2Board Dudes: Dry Erase Broad Chisel Tip - 6 CountLike This$2Styli-Style Give Me Lip Glossy Lipstick Pencil ...NewItemLike This$599Insten 28-in-1 Game Card Case For Nintendo NEW ...NewItemLike This$5New Disney Movies+ More optionsLike This$2Kitchen + Home Watermelon SlicerLike This$3Round Bottom Glass Bowl Set with Lids - 10 Piec...+ More optionsLike This$2Non-Slip Silicone Trivet - FlowerNewItemLike This$379Insten Touch Screen Stylus For Apple iPhone/iPo...NewItemLike This$2Despicable Me Birthday BannerNewItemLike This$1Orange Cleaner - 22 ozNewItemLike This$350Shopkins 15" Backpack+ More optionsLike This$959Insten Eva Case For Nintendo Switch, BlackLike This$4Smash 'n Splash Paddle Set - DolphinLike This 
$2$25$2$10$2$12Welcome toGet ready to score gazillions of awesome stuff starting at JUST $1 ENJOY FREE SHIPPING on your first orderFemaleMaleJoin for FreeAlready a Member?By submitting you agree to the Terms of Service. You will receive email periodically and can opt-out at any time$2$15$2$4$2$6Terms of Service - Hollar | So. Much. Good. Stuff







 





              Created with sketchtool.             Created with Sketch.            Created with Sketch.                   Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                         Created with Sketch.               Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.            Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                   Created with sketchtool.               Created with Sketch.                  Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Created with sketchtool.              Created with sketchtool.               Created with sketchtool.                   Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreHomepage Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreWhat's New!Price Drop$1 ShopKids' BrandsCollectionsParty ThemesHomepageHomepage1501301810Get to Know UsFAQsContact UsCalifornia Proposition 65Privacy PolicyTerms of ServicePrice ComparisonFAQsGeneral
What is Hollar?
Hollar is your destination for the coolest gifts and goods starting at just $1. With a gazillion categories to shop, there’s always something new to score each and every day. We’re all about making shopping insanely fun—and keeping wallets extra happy. ☺
What is the Hollar Marketplace?
We’re laser focused on providing shoppers with big savings across all categories. That’s
 why we’ve partnered with top sellers to bring you an even greater assortment of deals
 you’ll love. We mean it when we say So. Much. Good. Stuff.
Where do you ship from?
Items sold and fulfilled by Hollar ship from our fulfillment center in sunny Los Angeles,
 California. All other items are fulfilled by the respective marketplace seller in locations
 across the United States.
How long is the shipping time?
After the order is placed, the expected delivery time is 7-10 business days (Monday - Friday, excluding Holidays).
Why is there a $10 minimum?
Because we’re all about saving you tons of cash, a $10 order minimum helps us keep our prices and shipping costs irresistibly low. Don’t want to pay for shipping? Simply spend over $25 and shipping is on us!
Need help placing an order?
Send us a note at support@hollar.com or give us a call at 888-682-5119. Our support hours are Monday - Friday, 7am - 4pm PT.
Can I resell your products?
Hollar’s merchandise is offered for sale by us for your personal enjoyment only. We do not support the reselling of any of our items. 
Shipping
How much is shipping?
Shipping costs vary from deal to deal. You can view shipping costs on each product’s
individual page. Items sold and fulfilled by Hollar are eligible for free shipping! To qualify for free
shipping on a first-time order, the order must include at least $10 in items fulfilled by Hollar
(pre-tax). To qualify for free shipping on subsequent orders, the order must include at least $25
in items fulfilled by Hollar (pre-tax). The offer will automatically be applied at checkout for
qualifying orders. In addition, some items sold by marketplace sellers may be eligible for free
shipping. Just check the individual product page to see eligibility or shipping costs.
Can I expedite my shipping?
We are unable to expedite orders at this time, but we hope to expand those choices in the future. 
Where do you ship to?
We ship only to the 48 contiguous states in the United States.
Do you ship to Alaska and Hawaii?
We’re currently unable to ship to these states. Stay tuned as we work on expanding our shipping options to new locations.
Do you ship to APO/FPO addresses?
We don’t offer delivery to APO/FPO addresses at the moment. But hold tight—we’re working on spreading the Hollar love in more areas. 
Order & Payments
How can I edit my order or change my shipping address?
Email us at support@hollar.com. Please note that some orders are shipped shortly after placement and it may not always be possible to edit or cancel.
What payment methods do you accept?
We accept all major credit cards, including Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express as well as PayPal.
Returns
Can I return my Hollar items?
Yes! If you’re not 100% happy with our products, we’ll gladly accept returns within 365 days from your order date. Just send us an email at support@hollar.com. Please note that in addition to a restocking fee of $4.95, customers will also be responsible for any return shipping fees.
Can I return or exchange my marketplace item?
Returns and exchanges vary for each marketplace seller. Please check individual seller information for details.
Contact UsGot questions? We've got answers. Go ahead and shoot us a note!
 
Hollar Support Team
support@hollar.com
888-682-5119
Mon - Fri (7am - 4pm PT)
 
Business Development
bd@hollar.com
 
Press & Media
pr@hollar.com
 
Vendors & Suppliers
supplier@hollar.com
 
Want to Become an Affiliate?
Join our Affiliate Program
California Proposition 65California's Proposition 65 entitles California consumers to special warnings for products that contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm if those products expose consumers to such chemicals above certain threshold levels. We care about our customers' safety and hope that the information below helps with your buying decisions.
For more information and frequently asked questions about Proposition 65, go to OEHHA’s website at: https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65.  
For a fully updated list of all the chemicals and compounds that are known to the State of California to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity, go to:  https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65/proposition-65-list
For all products linked to this page, we provide the following general notice:
WARNING: This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Tools
WARNING: Some dust created by power sanding, sawing, grinding, drilling, and other construction activities contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Some examples of these chemicals are:

lead from lead-based paints,
crystalline silica from bricks and cement and other masonry products, and
arsenic and chromium from chemically treated lumber.

Your risk from exposure to these chemicals varies, depending on how often you do this type of work. To reduce your exposure, work in a well-ventilated area and with approved safety equipment, such as dust masks that are specially designed to filter out microscopic particles.
Lead Crystal Glasses
Lead levels in the crystal glasses sold in our Kitchen & Housewares Store comply with FDA standards.:
WARNING: Consuming foods or beverages that have been kept or served in leaded crystal products will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Ceramic Tableware
Lead levels in the ceramic tableware sold in our Kitchen & Housewares Store comply with FDA standards.:
WARNING: Use of this tableware will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Jewelry and Tiffany Style Lamps
WARNING: This product contains lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.
PVC Coated Products or PVC Coated Wires, Cords, Plugs & Connectors
WARNING: The plastic on this product contains lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.
Electrical Cords
WARNING: The wires of this product contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.
Motor Vehicles Parts & Accessories
WARNING: Motor vehicles contain fuel, oils and fluids, battery posts, terminals and related accessories which contain lead and lead compounds and other chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. These chemicals are found in vehicles, vehicle parts and accessories, both new and as replacements. When being serviced, these vehicles generate used oil, waste fluids, grease, fumes and particulates, all known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or reproductive harm.
Beauty Products
For beauty and skin care products that contain progesterone:
WARNING: This product contains progesterone, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer. Consult with your physician before using this product.
For beauty and skin care products that contain Cocamide Diethanolamine (Cocamide DEA):
WARNING: This product contains Cocamide DEA, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer. Consult with your physician before using this product.
For beauty and skin care products that contain Diethanolamine (or DEA):
WARNING: This product contains DEA, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer. Consult with your physician before using this product.
Fresh Fruits, Nuts, and Vegetables
WARNING: This product may contain a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Privacy PolicyThe Privacy Policy was last updated on: November 5, 2015
Hollar, Inc. (“Hollar” or “we” or “us”) created this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) in order to disclose how we use information we collect from users via the Hollar website located at www.Hollar.com (including any affiliated sub-domain and mobile applications and sites) and any services offered therefrom (including, without limitation, the distribution, sale or offered sale of goods) (collectively referred to hereafter as, the “Website”).  Because we gather important information from our users, visitors, publishers and customers (collectively “Users” or “you” or “your”), we have established this Privacy Policy as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices.  By accessing the Website, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy. 
Please note:  When you submit your personal information on or through the Website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  We may share information among our subsidiaries or other websites that we own or control, but such sharing of information is always governed under the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Please further note, depending on a User’s particular interaction with the Website (e.g. Users who solely navigate the Website versus Users who use the services offered through the Website), different portions of this Privacy Policy may apply to users at different times.
Hollar reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. If Hollar changes any portions of its Privacy Policy, the changes will be updated on this Privacy Policy page and Users should periodically review our Privacy Policy page for any such changes.  Your continued use of the Website after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change(s).
Information We Collect
Personal Information:  We may require Users who use the Website (whether via submission of queries, subscriptions or orders for Hollar’ services (collectively, the “Service”) to give us personally identifiable information, which may include but is not limited to the User’s name, mailing addresses (home and business), phone number, email address, age/birth date and credit card or other payment account information (collectively “Personal Information”).  Besides the Personal Information, we may also collect other information regarding your use of the Website.  From time to time, we may also collect or ask for additional Personal Information, which will also be expressly included herein as Personal Information.  You can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it or not using the Website, although not providing Personal Information may hinder your ability to use the Website and/or the Service.  
We use the information that we collect to provide and maintain the Website as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion and to provide the Service, and to provide any other services that you and Hollar agree to. Hollar may aggregate data that it obtains from Users to analyze trends, to gather data to benchmark best practices, and to monitor, improve and refine the functionality of the Website and the Service.
We may also use the information to contact you to further discuss interest in Hollar or the Service (including the products and services that we provide) and to send information regarding Hollar or its partners, such as promotions and events.  You may be invited to receive an email newsletter or other correspondence by providing an email address.  We may outsource all of these tasks to third parties.  However, your email address and any Personal Information will not be distributed or shared with third parties, unless it is to transact such business as you have contracted us to do, to comply with any legal processes and/or law enforcement requests, or in order to conduct any business as we, in our sole subjective discretion, deem reasonable.  If you voluntarily submit your e-mail address to use via the Website or use of Hollar’ products and services, such a submission constitutes your consent to receive e-mails from Hollar regarding updates to the Website or Service, and may send a newsletter, or other correspondence.  You will have an opportunity to unsubscribe to any emails or mailings by clicking on an “unsubscribe” hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you.  Even if you are removed from any such list, if you use the Website or Service or re-submit your e-mail address to the Website (either via the contact form, e-mail submission or otherwise), you will continue to receive email correspondence from Hollar related to the Website or Service.  Any opt-out by you is not deemed valid until processed by Hollar.  It is your obligation to verify that you have been opted-out.  Hollar shall not be liable for problems with the opt-out procedures.
Hollar may offer you the option of registering an account with the Website by logging in with an account you have established with certain third party sites (including, Facebook.com) (hereafter, the “Outside Account”).  By logging in via the Outside Account, you are granting Hollar the right to access, utilize and store (if applicable) information (including Personal Information as defined above) tied to your Outside Account in connection with your use of the Website.  Depending on the Outside Accounts you choose (and your privacy settings on that Outside Account), the information you make accessible via your Outside Account will be available to Hollar and on and through your Hollar user account.
Non-Personal Information:  We collect and use non-personally identifiable information, which is any information other than Personal Information and/or does not identify the specific individual, including, without limitation: IP address, the approximate geographic location of the User based on their IP address the type of browser and operating system used by the User, any interactions a User may initiate within the Website, the websites and web pages that Users visit or visited, User interactions with features of the Website, content preferences User selected within the Website and other inferences about the User’s interests made based upon the foregoing. This information is not intentionally gathered in a fashion to personally identify any single User.  We use this information to help us develop the Website and the Service, analyze patterns of usage, and to make the Website and the Service more useful.  Hollar may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to the Website, and Hollar utilizes Google Analytics to analyze the usage of the Website. For more information on Google Analytics and its privacy policy, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Minors
Hollar does not knowingly allow any visitors or users under the age of eighteen (18) or the age of majority in his/her relevant jurisdiction to use or otherwise access to the Website or the Service.  Hollar does not wish to collect any Personal Information (or any information at all) from any persons under 18 years old.  If you are under 18 years old, you may not use the Website or the Service.
Third Party Websites
The Website may contain links to other websites.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites.  You will need to check the privacy policies of these others websites to understand their policies.  When you access a linked site you may be disclosing private information.  It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential.
Cookies & Logs 
When you view the Website, we may store some information on your computer's hard drive. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie." “Cookies” are information files which your web browser places on your computer when you visit a web site.  Hollar uses cookies and session IDs to authenticate a User as he or she navigates various parts of the Website.  Cookies and session IDs may also be used to automate data entry functions.  For example, cookies may be used to enable a User to move through the Website without having to retype the User’s password.  Hollar does not obtain personal information via cookies or session IDs, and does not link any data collected through cookies or session IDs to any personal information. Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies and session IDs, but you can change your browser to prevent that. Without accepting a Cookie or session ID, your use of the Website and the Service may be affected.  
When you view the Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website.  These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
For California Users:  Please note, the Website is not presently configured to respond to DNT or “do not track” signals from web browsers or mobile devices.
Disclosure of User Information to Third Parties
In addition to the use of information described above, Hollar reserve the right to disclose information provided by Users (including Personal Information) as follows:
Disclosure By Law.  You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend Hollar’s or a third party’s rights or property; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened.  
Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers.  We may share your information with third party service providers to perform functions on our behalf. For example, outsourced customer care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform services for you. Your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than we authorize.  
Data/Information Transfer As a Result of Sale of Business.  In the event that Hollar is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, Hollar reserves the right to sell or transfer User information (including Personal Information) as part of any such transaction.  To the maximum extent allowable by law, the Privacy Policy will apply to the User information as transferred to the successor entity.  However, User information submitted after a transfer to a successor entity may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
Website Security
Please note that data that is transported over an open network, such as the Internet or e-mail, may be accessible to anybody.  We cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via such open networks.  When disclosing any personal information via an open network, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to others, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent.  In particular, while individual data packets are often encrypted, the names of the sender and recipient are not.  A third party may therefore be able to trace an existing bank account or relationship or one that is subsequently created.  Even if both the sender and recipient are located in the same country data may also be transmitted via such networks to other countries regularly and without controls, including to countries that do not afford the same level of data protection as your country of domicile. 
Password-protected areas of the Website can be accessed only with a valid user name and password.  Each password owner is responsible for keeping the password confidential and safe, as Hollar has no control or responsibility for this type of User information.  If the password may have been stolen or might otherwise be misused, it is the responsibility of the password owner to notify Hollar immediately for further action.
Your data may be lost during transmission or may be accessed by unauthorized parties. We do not accept any liability for direct or indirect losses as regards the security of your Personal Information or data during its transfer via Internet.  Please use other means of communication if you think this is necessary or prudent for security reasons. 
International Users
The Website and the Service are exclusively hosted in the United States.  If you are a User accessing the Website or the Service from the European Union, Australia, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as such other regions.  User information (including Personal Information or “personal data” as defined by foreign laws) collected through the Website or the Service may be stored and processed in the United States, and by using the Website or the Service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your home country. 
Additional Information
This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms & Conditions of the Website and any use of the Website is governed by those Terms & Conditions.  Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Website should be directed to Hollar by emailing such questions to support@hollar.com.
Updates to our Privacy Policy
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, they will be reflected on this web page. In some cases and in our sole discretion, we also may send an email notifying users of the changes. You should check this Website periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred.
Legal Disclaimer
The Website and the Service operate "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE," without warranties of any other kind.  We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control.  This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of law principles. Subject and without waiver to the dispute resolution procedures set forth in the Terms & Conditions, any legal actions against Hollar, Inc. arising out of or related to the Website or the Service must be commenced in the county of Los Angeles in the state of California in the United States of America.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of or your dealings with the Website or the Service, please contact us at:  support@hollar.com
Terms of ServiceWelcome to the Hollar website (www.Hollar.com) hosted by Hollar Inc. (hereafter also referred to as “Hollar” “we” and “us”). Please review the following terms and conditions concerning your use of and access to the Hollar website located at Hollar.com (including any affiliated sub-domain and mobile applications and sites) and any services offered therefrom (including, without limitation, the distribution, sale or offer of goods for sale) (collectively referred to hereafter as, the “Website”). By accessing, using, subscribing, purchasing or downloading any goods, materials or content from the Website, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions (the “Terms & Conditions”) and any other terms and conditions embodied in any other agreements you enter into with us. If you do not agree with the Terms & Conditions, you may not use the Website.
NOTICE OF ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, SET FORTH BELOW, WHICH AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS ABOUT RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE WITH THE COMPANY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.
The Terms & Conditions together with the Privacy Policy explain how we operate the Website, the ways that you are permitted to use the Website, tools available at the Website, and any support services (including online and mobile access to our software) available through use of the Website (collectively referred to hereafter as the “Service”).
General
These Terms & Conditions apply to ALL transactions made on or through this Website. This Agreement is governed by the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act. You manifest your agreement to the terms and conditions in this Agreement by any act demonstrating your assent thereto, including clicking any button containing the words “I agree” or similar syntax, by accessing the Website, or purchasing any goods through the Website, whether you have read these terms or not. It is suggested that you print this Agreement for your personal records.
Privacy
Any information (including personally identifiable information and payment account information) you submit to our site is governed by the Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy encompasses any and all information you may provide to our site either for purposes of creating an account, submitting an order or inquiry or to receive further information, updates and promotions about or related to the Website or Service.
Changes to the Terms & Conditions
We reserve the right to change the Terms & Conditions at any time by posting an updated version to this web page to reflect those changes. Changes to the Terms & Conditions may arise for a variety of reasons, including without limitation, changes in market conditions affecting our business, technology or our business model, relevant laws and regulatory requirements, and our systems.
You agree to periodically review the Terms & Conditions from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you. Continued access or use of our site shall be deemed conclusive evidence of your acceptance of any modified terms or conditions.
Accessing and Using the Website/Service
Limited License to Use the Website/Service and Related Restrictions
Subject to and conditional upon your compliance with the Terms & Conditions and other agreements between you and Hollar (including any payment terms), Hollar hereby grants to you a limited, reversible, non-exclusive, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable license to use certain software applications and platforms accessible through the Website/Service (collectively, “Hollar Software”). Hollar reserves all other rights in Hollar Software not expressly granted to you in the Terms. You may not use Hollar Software in any manner that could: (i) damage, disable, overburden, or impair the software application or platform (or any server or networks connected thereto), or (ii) interfere with any third party's use and/or enjoyment of the software application or platform (or any server or networks connected thereto).
Except as expressly specified in the Terms & Conditions, you may not: (a) copy or modify the Hollar Software; (b) transfer, sublicense, lease, lend, rent or otherwise distribute Hollar Software to any third party; or (c) use the Hollar Software in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with the Terms & Conditions. You acknowledge and agree that portions of the Hollar Software, including, without limitation, the source code and the specific design and structure of individual modules or programs, constitute or contain trade secrets of Hollar and its licensors. Accordingly, you agree not to disassemble, decompile or otherwise reverse engineer any components of the Hollar Software provided in object code or any other Hollar products or services, in whole or in part, or permit or authorize a third party to do so, except to the extent such activities are expressly permitted by law notwithstanding this prohibition.
Mobile Application License
Subject to your compliance with these Terms & Conditions, Hollar grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Hollar mobile application and to access the Hollar Website via a single mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of Hollar mobile application solely for your own personal use.
You shall not (i) license, sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit or make available to any third party the Hollar mobile application in any way; (ii) modify or make derivative works based upon the Website or Hollar mobile application; (iii) create Internet “links” to the Website or “frame” or “mirror” the Hollar mobile application on any other server or wireless or Internet-based device; (iv) reverse engineer or access the Hollar mobile application in order to (a) design or build a competitive product or service, (b) design or build a product using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Website or Hollar mobile application, or (c) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Website or Hollar mobile application, or (v) launch an automated program or script, including, but not limited to, web spiders, web crawlers, web robots, web ants, web indexers, bots, viruses or worms, or any program which may make multiple server requests per second, or unduly burdens or hinders the operation and/or performance of the Website or Hollar mobile application.
App Store Sourced Application
With respect to any application accessed through or downloaded from the Apple App Store (“App Store Sourced Application”), you agree that you will use the App Store Sourced Application only: (i) on an Apple-branded product that runs iOS (Apple’s proprietary operating system software) ; and (ii) as permitted by the “Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service. Hollar reserves all rights in and to the application not expressly granted to you under these Terms & Conditions.
You acknowledge and agree that (i) these Terms & Conditions are valid between you and Hollar only, and not Apple, and (ii) Hollar, not Apple, is solely responsible for the App Store Sourced Application and content thereof. Your use of the App Store Sourced Application must comply with the App Store Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App Store Sourced Application.
In the event of any failure of the App Store Sourced Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will, where applicable, refund the purchase price for the App Store Sourced Application to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App Store Sourced Application. As between Hollar and Apple, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Hollar.
You acknowledge that, as between Hollar and Apple, Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of the App Store Sourced Application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App Store Sourced Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of that App Store Sourced Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between Hollar and Apple, Hollar, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries relating to your license of the App Store Sourced Application, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the rights under these Terms & Conditions as related to your license of the App Store Sourced Application against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
Without limiting any other provisions of these Terms & Conditions, you must comply with all applicable third party terms of agreement when using the App Store Sourced Application.
Customer Account Access
In order to utilize certain services offered by the Website, you may need to create a customer account. You agree to (a) create only one account; (b) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information when creating your account; (c) maintain and promptly update your account information; (d) maintain the security of your account by not sharing your username or password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer; (e) promptly notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches relating to the Website or your account; and (f) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access.
By creating a customer account, you consent to receive electronic communications from Hollar either in the form of email sent to you at the email address listed on your account or by communications posted on the Website. You acknowledge and agree that any electronic communication in the form of such email or posting on the Website shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.
Terms of Sale
All product sales from the Website are governed by any terms of sale that may be posted on the Website. Prices and offers are subject to change. You should refer to our terms of sale to learn more about our return policy, and shipping terms located at FAQs. By ordering and/or accepting delivery of the products, you agree to be bound by these terms of sale. The terms of sale are subject to change without prior notice at any time, in Hollar’s sole discretion, so you should review the terms of sale each time you make a purchase. Additional information may be found in our online shopping sections of the Website.
We accept the following bank or credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. For your convenience, we will save your bank or credit card information. You may be charged local tax, if applicable. If your payment method is declined, we will attempt to process your charge until the transaction is approved. If we are unable to complete the transaction, Client Services may contact you directly to update your account information.
We are not responsible for any fees or charges that your bank or credit card issuer may apply. If your bank or credit card issuer reverses a charge to your credit card, we may bill your account directly and seek payment by another method including a mailed statement. The risk of loss and title for items purchased by you passes to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier.
Sales Tax Policy
In connection with the sales of goods, the Website collects and remits sales tax as required by applicable law.
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Website. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Information at the Website
We attempt to ensure that information on the Website is complete, accurate and current. Despite our efforts, certain information on the Website may be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. We make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on our site. We reserve the right to amend the Website/Service without warning. Unless otherwise agreed to by us in writing, all features, content, specifications, products, services, and, as applicable, prices of products and services described or depicted on the Website are subject to change at any time without notice.
"Price Comparison"
The comparative reference price shows the actual price offered for the same product at another online retailer which has been checked within the past 48 hours.
Security
By creating an account with us, you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information (including without limitation, username and password). You must treat your username and password, and any other security details, as confidential, and not disclose it to any other person. You must also prevent unauthorized access to your account. In addition, you must: (a) log off from your account at the end of each session on our site and (b) notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your username and password or any other breach of security. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account.
Restrictions on and Termination of Use of the Website/Service
We have the right to suspend or close any account with us and block your use of our site if you have failed to comply with any part of the Terms & Conditions (as determined by us in our sole discretion). You understand that your account is individual to you and/or your organization, and we may suspend or close your account if you attempt to transfer or use your account to/for another person or organization. You are responsible for ensuring that any and all persons you authorize to use your account with us are aware of the Terms & Conditions, and that they fully comply with them. We reserve the right to refuse to provide access to the Website or to provide the Service, to any person or organization for any reason. It is your obligation to comply with all applicable state, federal and international laws.
In consideration of being allowed to use our site, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these Terms & Conditions:

Collecting information about our site, users of our site or our services without our written consent;
Modifying, framing, rendering (or re-rendering), mirroring, truncating, injecting, filtering or changing any content or information contained in our site, without our written consent.
Using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, Internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor our site or any portion thereof;
Accessing or using our site for competitive purposes;
Disguising the origin of information transmitted to, from, or through the Website;
Impersonating another person or representative of an organization;
Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code;
Allowing any other person or entity to impersonate you to access or use our site;
Using our site or our services for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, international laws or regulations;
Using our site or our services in a way that is intended to harm, or a reasonable person would understand would likely result in harm, to the user or others; and
Circumventing any measures implemented by us aimed at preventing violations of the Terms & Conditions.

Minors May Not Use the Website/Service
You must be at least 18 years old and can form legally binding contracts under applicable laws in your jurisdiction, to use the Website or Service. We do not accept users who are under the age of 18 or the age of majority in his/her relevant jurisdiction. By using the Website or Service or submitting any inquiries, orders or information to us, you represent and affirm that you are at least 18 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction.
Inviting Friends and Earning Referral Credit
When you invite a friend to register for an account at Hollar.com, you and your friend will both receive a $2 Referral Credit for each friend who makes a qualified first purchase.  Your friend must be a new member of Hollar (this offer excludes returning or existing members) and live in a different household
You will only receive a Referral Credit for your friend's first qualified purchase if the purchase was a result of an invite from you via an authorized referral method.  If your friend does not click on the personal referral link in their invite email or other invite mechanism to accept your invitation, you may not receive a Referral Credit and we will have no liability to you because there is no discernible way to identify that the purchase resulted from your referral.
A qualified purchase is considered a member’s first Hollar purchase.  There is no limit to the amount of Referral Credits you can earn and Referral Credits will accrue with every eligible friend you refer.  You can track your Referral Credits by visiting the Refer-a-Friend section in My Account.
If two people refer the same friend, the friend who sent the link that is used to create the new member's account will be considered the referring friend, regardless of which link was sent to the new member first.  There is a limit of one Referral Credit per new email address that is registered on Hollar.com.
You may not use spam or send unsolicited emails to people you don't personally know to collect Referral Credits and you may not collect Referral Credits by posting on message boards or other online venues in violation of such venues' terms of use.
See the Privacy Policy for how information is stored.
Spending Referral Credit
Referral Credits are valid for 12 months from issuance.  Your Referral Credits are automatically applied to your purchases at checkout in the order in which they expire (i.e., first to expire will be applied first).
You can check the amount of Referral Credits you have earned and their associated expiration dates at any time by visiting the Refer-a-Friend section in My Account.
Prohibitions and Cancellation
Referral Credits are issued to a single Hollar.com account holder at our discretion and cannot be transferred between accounts or between users.  Credits cannot be bartered, exchanged, or sold.
Referral Credits are a promotional offer and are not a payment instruments.  Referral Credits are issued without any exchange of money or value from you and you have no vested property right or interest in them.
Referral Credits have no cash value by themselves; they are only deemed to have a notional cash value of $2 if they are used in connection with an eligible purchase on our site.
We reserve the right to limit or cancel your Referral Credits in our sole discretion if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Service, including through fraudulent or misleading referral activity (for example, by inviting fake people to join Hollar, using false names, using multiple email accounts or email addresses, impersonating another person or otherwise providing false or misleading information to us) or if we terminate your account for any reason.  You may also be liable for civil and/or criminal penalties under applicable law.
Changes to Referral Credit Terms
We reserve the right in our sole discretion at any time and without prior notice to you, to add to, remove or otherwise change the terms applicable to the issuance and use of Referral Credits. Such changes may include, without limitation, how you may earn and spend Referral Credits, how long Referral Credits last, minimum purchase amounts with which Referral Credits may be used and the lifetime maximum amount of Referral Credits that you may earn.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may contain links to other websites which may be of interest to you. We are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us of the linked website and/or the content and materials found at the linked website, except as specifically stated otherwise by us. It is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses or other items of an intrusive nature. We do not accept responsibility for those sites. Accessing any such links from our site to gain access to other websites is at your own risk.
Intellectual Property Rights
Except where expressly stated otherwise, Hollar or its licensors, including without limitation, Hollar Inc., is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights located on the Website, in the materials published or otherwise made available on the Website and through the Service. Those works, marks or inventions are protected by copyright, patent and trademark laws and treaties around the world and may not be modified, copied, printed, reproduced, distributed, republished, performed, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted and/or otherwise used in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or other means, unless expressly permitted by us. Except where expressly provided otherwise by us, nothing on our site may be construed to confer any license or ownership right in or materials published or otherwise made available through our site or our services, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. All rights not granted to you in these terms are reserved.
Copyright and Trademark Infringement Notice:
Hollar respects the intellectual property rights of others. All users of the Website represent and warrant they shall comply with all applicable copyright and trademark laws. In the event we receive proper notification of claimed copyright or trademark infringement, the response to such notice may include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and possibly terminating your account and/or the right to use our Website and Services. If you believe any material on our site constitutes an infringement of a copyright or trademark you own, you may file a notice of infringement to the contact identified below. A user who materially misrepresents that material is infringing will be liable for the costs incurred by us and our associated persons, including attorney fees. Accordingly, if you are uncertain whether you are or you represent the proper copyright holder or trademark holder, or if copyright and trademark laws protect the subject materials, you are strongly advised to consult a qualified attorney at your own expense.
We rely on a network of independent affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, third-party product providers, third-party content providers, vendors, suppliers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors and the like (collectively, “Associates”) who supply some of the goods advertised on the Website. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, we are not liable for any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other proprietary or intellectual property rights arising out of content posted on or transmitted through the Website, or items advertised on the Website, by our Associates. If you believe that your rights under intellectual property laws are being violated by any content posted on or transmitted through the Website, or items advertised on the Website, please contact us promptly so that we may investigate the situation and, if appropriate, block or remove the offending content and/or advertisements. It is our policy to disable access to infringing materials, and to terminate access of repeat infringers to the Website.
In order for us to investigate any claim of copyright or trademark infringement, you must provide us with the following information, transmitted by email or regular mail, setting forth the following:

(i) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright or trademark owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
(ii) detailed identification of the copyrighted work or trademark claimed to have been infringed;
(iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
(iv) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address;
(v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

Copyright or Trademark Infringement Notifications should be addressed as follows:
Email: copyright@hollar.com
Mail: Hollar Inc.
Attention: Notice of Intellectual Property Infringement
2601 S. Malt Avenue
Commerce, CA 90040
No Agency Relationship
Except where provided for in a separate agreement with Hollar, no agency, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by the Terms & Conditions. Without limiting the foregoing, except as expressly set forth herein, Hollar is not acting and does not act as an agent for any user or visitor of the Website or Service.
Disclaimer
EXCEPT WHERE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE BY US, THE WEBSITE AND SERVICE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," AND ARE FOR USE SOLELY AS CONTRACTED HEREIN. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH THEREIN, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, GUARANTIES, AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE WEBSITE AND SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, GUARANTIES, AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND QUALITY OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THE WEBSITE EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE AND/OR MATERIALS ASSOCIATED WITH OR GOODS OFFERED VIA THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE, OR THE RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE, SERVICE AND/OR MATERIALS ASSOCIATED THEREWITH. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE OPERATION OR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; (B) THE QUALITY OF GOODS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIALS YOU PURCHASE OR OBTAIN THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; OR (C) THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, MATERIALS, OR THE SYSTEMS THAT MAKE THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE DO NOT CONTROL THE TRANSFER OF DATA OVER COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES, INCLUDING THE INTERNET, AND THAT THE WEBSITE, SERVICE AND/OR MATERIALS ASSOCIATED THEREWITH MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS, DELAYS, AND OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN THE USE OF SUCH COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DELAYS, DELIVERY FAILURES, OR OTHER DAMAGE RESULTING FROM SUCH PROBLEMS.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF HOLLAR, OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, AND SUPPLIERS, EXCEED $500.00. IN NO EVENT SHALL HOLLAR OR THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, INCLUDING HOLLAR INC. AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER, TELECOMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT, OR OTHER PROPERTY AND/OR FOR LOSS OF DATA, CONTENT, IMAGES, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCESSING OR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE AND THE SERVICE THEREWITH INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIALS, REGARDLESS OF CAUSE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, EVEN IF THE PARTY FROM WHICH DAMAGES ARE BEING SOUGHT OR THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDER HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION SHALL NOT APPLY IN THE EVENT OF CUSTOMER'S BREACH, OR RELATED TO ITS INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS. THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL NOT AFFECT THE RIGHTS LISTED BELOW IN THE SECTION TITLED “INDEMNIFICATION. ”
Indemnification
YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS HOLLAR INC., ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, AND SUPPLIERS FROM AND AGAINST ALL LOSSES, EXPENSES, DAMAGES AND COSTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ALL ATTORNEYS’ FEES CHARGED TO HOLLAR INC. OR ITS AFFILIATED PERSON/ENTITIES, RESULTING FROM ANY VIOLATION OF THE TERMS & CONDITIONS BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON ACCESSING THE WEBSITE OR SERVICE ON YOUR BEHALF.
Conflicts
Shall a conflict or contradiction exist between these Terms & Conditions and any others which relate specifically to a particular section of the Website, the specific terms relevant to that section shall prevail.
Severability
Any provision of the Terms & Conditions found to be unenforceable will not void nor effect other provisions of this agreement.
Resolution of Disputes – Mandatory Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
We offer the following process to help you resolve a complaint or Dispute (as defined below) that you may have with Hollar, any goods sold via the Website, or use of this Website. Please read this section carefully. Our Customer Service Department, which you can reach at support@hollar.com, can help you resolve most of your concerns. If our Customer Service Department is unable to resolve your complaint or Dispute, you agree to take the following steps to resolve any Dispute you may have with us.
Step 1. Notice of Dispute
You must first try to resolve any complaint or Dispute with us through our Notice of Dispute process. You begin by submitting a “Notice of Dispute” with any supporting documents or other information by U. S. Mail to:
Hollar Inc.
Attention: Notice of Dispute
2601 S. Malt Avenue
Commerce, CA 90040
A “Notice of Dispute” is a written form in which you provide your name, address, contact information, email address, the facts regarding your Dispute, and the relief you are requesting from us. Once we receive your Notice of Dispute, you and we will attempt to resolve any Dispute through informal negotiation within forty-five (45) days from the date the Notice of Dispute is received by us. If an agreement cannot be reached within forty-five (45) days of receipt of the Notice of Dispute, you or we may initiate an arbitration proceeding or small claims action as described below.
You agree that the term “Dispute” in this Agreement will have the broadest meaning possible. It applies to any dispute, action, or other controversy between you and us relating to the Website, any goods offered or purchased from us, any transaction or relationship between us resulting from your use of the Website or purchase of any goods from us, communications between us, the purchase/order/use of goods from the Website, or this Agreement – whether in contract, warranty, tort, laws or regulation. The term also applies to any dispute over the validity, enforceability, or scope of this arbitration provision.
Step 2: Arbitration
If your Dispute is not resolved to your satisfaction within 45 days from when we received your Notice of Dispute, you and we agree to arbitrate all Disputes between us. As we explain below, you and we also may also have the right to bring an individual action before a Small Claims Court for certain claims. You agree that arbitration or a small claims action will be your sole and exclusive remedy to resolve any dispute with us. The Federal Arbitration Act applies to this Agreement.
By agreeing to arbitrate, you are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) any and all Disputes in a court before a judge or jury (except Small Claims Court). Instead, a neutral arbitrator will resolve all Disputes.
To read more about arbitration, visit www.adr.org. The American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) will conduct any arbitration under its Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at that time. You can review the Consumer Arbitration Rules here. You may begin an arbitration with us by completing a Demand for Arbitration form, available by clicking here. The completed form(s) should be returned directly to the AAA. The AAA will assign someone to manage your case. You will be contacted with instructions for continuing the arbitration process. Be sure to keep a copy of everything you send to the administrator of your arbitration or us. If, for any reason, the AAA is unavailable, the parties shall mutually select another arbitration forum which will be governed by the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules. The AAA rules will determine whether the arbitration will take place through written submissions by you and us, by telephone, or in person.
Class Action Waiver
Any proceedings to resolve or litigate any Dispute in any forum will be conducted solely on an individual basis. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, consolidation of your Dispute with other arbitrations, or any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity or as a private attorney general are not permitted and are waived by you, and an arbitrator will have no jurisdiction to hear such claims. If a court or arbitrator finds that the class action waiver in this section is unenforceable as to all or some parts of a Dispute, then the class action waiver will not apply to those parts. Instead, those parts will be severed and proceed in a court of law, with the remaining parts proceeding in arbitration. If any other provision of this Dispute resolution section is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be severed with the remainder of this section remaining in full force and effect.
Costs
If you initiate an arbitration with the AAA, we will promptly reimburse you for any standard filing fee you may have been required to pay by the AAA, once you have notified us in writing and provided a copy of the arbitration demand. However, if we are the prevailing party in the arbitration, we will be entitled to seek and recover our attorneys’ fees and costs, subject to the arbitrator’s determination and applicable law.
Small Claims Option
You may also litigate any Dispute in Small Claims Court in the County of Los Angeles, California, if the Dispute meets all requirements to be heard in the small claims court. You can learn more about the Small Claims Court in the County of Los Angeles by clicking here. However, if you initiate a Small Claims case, you are responsible for all your court costs.
Choice of Law and Forum Selection
You agree that the laws of the State of California govern this agreement and any claim or Dispute or issues arising from it, without regard to California’s conflict of laws rules.
Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or Dispute as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any Disputes or claims that you may have against us reside in and will be resolved by a state or federal court located in Los Angeles County in the State of California and you agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
Notice for Users in California
This notice is for users of the Website residing in the State of California. Please be advised that the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be reached by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Miscellaneous
The Terms & Conditions (together with the Privacy Policy) represent the parties' entire understanding relating to the use of the Website and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. We reserve the right to change these Terms & Conditions or policies relating to the Website at any time and from time to time, and such changes will be effective upon being posted herein. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then current Terms & Conditions because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms & Conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of the Website, which may be posted from time to time. Your continued use of the Website after any such changes and/or postings shall constitute your consent to such changes. If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then such provision(s) shall be construed to reflect the intentions of the invalid or unenforceable provision(s), with all other provisions remaining in full force and effect.
You may not assign these Terms & Conditions without the prior written approval of Hollar. Any purported assignment in violation of this section shall be void. Hollar reserves the right to use third party providers in the provision of the Website and Service. In the event of any litigation of any controversy or dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms & Conditions, its interpretation, its performance, or the like, the prevailing party shall be awarded reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, court costs, and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses attributable to the prosecution or defense of that controversy or dispute. Any and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Hollar
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions or suggestions you might have regarding the Website. You may contact us at: support@hollar.com.
Terms & Conditions last modified on March 28, 2016.
Price Comparison"Price Comparison"
The comparative reference price shows the actual price offered for the same product at another online retailer which has been checked within the past 48 hours.
$2$25$2$10$2$12Welcome toGet ready to score gazillions of awesome stuff starting at JUST $1 ENJOY FREE SHIPPING on your first orderFemaleMaleJoin for FreeAlready a Member?By submitting you agree to the Terms of Service. You will receive email periodically and can opt-out at any time$2$15$2$4$2$6

BBB Accredited Business Reviews in Serving the Silicon Valley - U.S. BBB






















































































 BBB Accredited Business Directory
Screened. Approved. Monitored.  Plus ratings, maps, photos, videos, and more.

the Counties of Los Angeles, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Monterey and San Benito HomeAccredited Business Directory









Search For:
Business Name, Type[e.g., "Plumbers"], URL, Phone






In: 
													
							(City and State or Postal Code)
							
						





BBB Accredited











HIDE


Banking and Financial Services

Payment Processing Service
Attorneys & Lawyers - Bankruptcy
Insurance Agency
Attorneys & Lawyers - Estate Planning
Reverse Mortgage
Accounting Services



Consulting

Attorneys & Lawyers
Attorneys & Lawyers - Personal Injury & Property Damage
Attorneys & Lawyers - Criminal
Real Estate Investors
Kitchen Remodeling
Attorneys & Lawyers - Estate Planning



Home Improvement Services and Products

Termite Control
Solar Energy System Design & Installation
Basement - Contractors
Landscape Maintenance
Kitchen Remodeling
Bathroom Remodeling



Advertising and Branding

Internet Auction Service
Bulletin & Directory Boards
Internet Selling Services
Sales Promotion Service
Posters
Property Management - Industrial & Commercial



Construction and Building Materials

Real Estate Investors
Basement - Contractors
Kitchen Remodeling
Bathroom Remodeling
Real Estate Agents
Concrete - Custom



















































Top 15 Categories

Attorneys
Auto Repair & Service
Building Contractors
Contractors - General
Financial Services
Insurance Companies
Internet Services
Internet Shopping
Jewelers - Retail
Movers
Moving & Storage Company
Online Retailer
Plumbers
Property Management
Roofing Contractors











Trust BBB to find local accredited businesses, ratings, maps, directions & more
Build Trust, Advertise Honestly, Tell the Truth, Be Transparent, Honor Promises, Be Responsive, Safeguard Privacy, Embody Integrity. Can consumers trust you?








 




industries




Advertising and Branding
Aerospace and Defense
Agriculture
Apparel and Textiles
Arts and Crafts
Automotive
Banking and Financial Services
Biotechnology
Business Products and Supplies
Chemicals and Plastics
Computer Hardware, Software and Services
Construction and Building Materials
Consulting
Dentists/Dental Services
Educational Services
Energy and Utilities
Engineering and Research
Entertainment
Environmental
Food and Beverages
Forestry, Fishing, and Hunting
Government


Health Care and Social Assistance
Home Improvement Services and Products
Household and Personal Products
Insurance
Investment and Securities
Job Seekers/Careers
Machinery
Manufacturing
Media
Moving, Transportation, and Storage
Natural Resources
Organizations
Pharmaceutical
Physicians/Medical Services
Public Administration
Publishing and Printing
Real Estate, Rental, and Leasing
Retail
Sports and Fitness, Indoor and Outdoor
Telecommunications
Travel






Categories In Alphabetical Order


A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z











recent business


Photos














Videos











 






        Send Feedback
    

Comment
Email Address:


Message:




We appreciate your feedback and will continue to strive to make our website better.  Thank you!






×











XWhat is a BBB Business Review?
We offer free reviews on businesses that include background, licensing, consumer experience and other information such as governmental actions that is known to BBB. These reviews are provided for businesses that are BBB accredited and also for businesses that are not BBB accredited.

XBBB Reporting Policy
As a matter of policy, BBB does not endorse any product, service or business.
BBB Business Reviews are provided solely to assist you in exercising your own best judgment. Information in this BBB Business Review is believed reliable but not guaranteed as to accuracy.
BBB Business Reviews generally cover a three-year reporting period. BBB Business Reviews are subject to change at any time.











Collections - Hollar | So. Much. Good. Stuff







 





              Created with sketchtool.             Created with Sketch.            Created with Sketch.                   Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                         Created with Sketch.               Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.       Created with Sketch.            Created with sketchtool.                 Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                   Created with sketchtool.               Created with Sketch.                  Created with Sketch.                  Created with sketchtool.                Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Created with sketchtool.              Created with sketchtool.               Created with sketchtool.                   Created with Sketch.             Created with Sketch.                      Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreHomepage Free shipping on eligible orders over $25 Learn moreWhat's New!Price Drop$1 ShopKids' BrandsCollectionsParty ThemesHomepageHomepage1501301811CollectionsDiscover endless goodies for every special occasion. P.S. treating yourself is highly encouraged.Just the NestChic premium notebooks and desk organization—exclusively at Hollar.Game NightBoard games, card activities, and fun times ahead!Crushin’ on PlushGush over our new cuddle-perfect toys like the must-have Bouncy Buddies!Treat Yourself!Spa-worthy steals for bath and body.Movie NightNew Disney movies have arrived. Download once and watch whenever you want!Read All About It!Kids’ books from childhood classics like Curious George to new favorites they’ll love.Nailed It!The hottest summer mani and pedi shades from top brands like Essie.Disney CarsKa-chow! Grab toys and accessories featuring Lightning McQueen and the team.Summer Beauty BashGet glowing with new cosmetics from Physicians Formula, Stila, Laura Geller, and more hot brands.Despicable MeGo bananas for can’t-miss savings on lovable Despicable Me goodies.Hello, Closet Upgrade!Go on a style spree with women’s tees, maxis, and sweaters.Home & Kitchen Ft. New HallmarkCollectible home accents from the top brand, plus more décor to love!As Seen on TVMeet the genius products you’ve been missing.Little TikesDon’t miss out on best-selling toys from the best-selling brand!  Baby LoveTop-quality baby must-haves from Nuby and Haba—the go-to brands for discerning parents.LalaloopsySew cute, right? Grab dolls and toys straight from Lalaloopsy land!Style SolutionsNo-show intimates and shapewar support (aka your secret weapons).Hungry Hungry KiddosMealtime sets, plus the necessary accessories—all safe, all cute!Melissa & DougTONS of new activities and toys are in. And guess what? Tons of savings, too!All in the DetailsChic décor touches featuring designs by All’astaPlayskoolLearning meets so much fun with the leading brand’s toys and activities.Time to Get OrganizedWith storage solutions from Home Basics, Sunbeam, and more.Star WarsCelebrate the new flick with out-of-this-world finds.SanrioCuteness overload! Grab toys and accessories from Hello Kitty and friends.Supercharge Your WorkoutWorkout wear and high-performance equipment—all at no-sweat Creativity Starts Here!Exciting activity books featuring their favorite characters, plus Crayola sets, too!Play-Doh Get set for non-stop creativity with these bestsellers.Go Figure!Must-have figurines—from action heroes to cute collectiblesMy Little PonyCollectible toys, party picks, and more magical finds from Equestria!Collect ‘Em All!New surprise toys—featuring Easter egg mystery goodies.Disney Movies AnywhereSnag digital downloads of top Disney blockbusters.Goody Hair Accessories Say hello to good hair days with trusted accessories.Disney Princess Royal toys every pint-sized princess won’t be able to resist.Disney Tsum TsumCollect ‘em. Stack ‘em. Love ‘em all!Built for FunAll new building sets featuring LEGO, Mega Bloks, Cobi, and more.Gamer’s Paradise Gaming gear and collectible swag starting at $2.Coloring Books for Grown-UpsGet your creativity on with pages of stress-relieving fun.Hollar KitchenIntroducing our exclusive line of cute and quirky silicone tools.TECHLANDIAYour destination for the hottest electronics featuring iHip.One-Stop ShopkinsGet your shop on with the latest from Shopkins!PAW PatrolGrab goodies featuring Ryder and the gang.Let’s Get Cookin’!Whip up tons of yum with all the right cookware and kitchen essentials from $1Hip2Save's FavesTop deals handpicked by the ultimate savings blog!Disney MarvelThe Avengers. Spider-Man. Grab swag from the comic empire’s biggest names.$2$25$2$10$2$12Welcome toGet ready to score gazillions of awesome stuff starting at JUST $1 ENJOY FREE SHIPPING on your first orderFemaleMaleJoin for FreeAlready a Member?By submitting you agree to the Terms of Service. You will receive email periodically and can opt-out at any time$2$15$2$4$2$6

Find BBB Accredited Online Retailers in Serving the Silicon Valley





























































































Categories Related to Online Retailer

Womens Apparel - Retail


Vitamins & Food Supplements


Handbags


Security Cameras


Computers - Wholesale & Manufacturers


Womens Apparel - Wholesale & Manufacturers


Childrens & Infants Wear - Retail


Jeans


Pet Supplies & Foods - Retail


Toys - Retail


Mens Clothing & Furnishings - Retail


Vaporizers













CONNECT
WITH


			      Trustworthy Online Retailers			  



Connect with
Trustworthy Online Retailers
In Your Neighborhood

CONNECT
WITH

ACCREDITED BUSINESSES






Accredited Business Directory
Find Businesses You Can Trust

the Counties of Los Angeles, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Monterey and San Benito HomeAccredited Business Directory / Online Retailer
Online Retailer







Legend

BBB Accredited Sponsor

BBB Accredited Business




Filter by


Categories Related to Online Retailer






Filter by City


Commerce
Glendale
Los Angeles
North Hollywood


Santa Clara
Santa Monica
Vernon
Woodland Hills






Categories Related to Online Retailer




Internet Shopping
Wholesalers & Distributors
Clothing - Retail
Computer Software Publishers & Developers


Beauty Supplies & Equipment
Furniture - Retail
Manufacturers & Producers
Show More Business Types





Online Retailer in Local Cities

Online Retailer in Other Cities

Tampa, FL
Vancouver, BC
Nashville, TN
Baltimore, MD
Las Vegas, NV
Reno, NV
Orlando, FL
Dayton, OH


BBB Accredited Online Retailers  have all agreed to a set of high standards in their business practices. Learn more about BBB Accreditation.






All BBB Accredited  Online Retailer






Business Name / Address
Type of Business
BBB Accreditation 

 





Agora Sophia Inc.

        
                
        5622 Colfax Ave 
        North Hollywood, CA 
5622 Colfax Ave
North Hollywood
CA





 

 


Alva Beauty

        
                
        4412 San Fernando Rd 
        Glendale, CA 
4412 San Fernando Rd
Glendale
CA





 

 


ApparelShowroom.com

        
                
        1509 Rio Vista Ave 
        Los Angeles, CA 
1509 Rio Vista Ave
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


Articles of Society

        
                
        2338 E 8th St 
        Los Angeles, CA 
2338 E 8th St
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


Authenticity 50 LLC

        
                
        2110 Artesia Blvd #618 
        Redondo Beach, CA 
2110 Artesia Blvd #618
Redondo Beach
CA





 

 


Beauty Cloth Exfolia

        
                
        2017 Marine Ave 
        Gardena, CA 
2017 Marine Ave
Gardena
CA





 

 


Beston Shoes

        
                
        18965 San Jose Ave 
        City of Industry, CA 
18965 San Jose Ave
City of Industry
CA





 

 


Broadcaststore.com

        
                
        9420 Lurline Ave Unit C 
        Chatsworth, CA 
9420 Lurline Ave Unit C
Chatsworth
CA





 

 


Byte Matrix US LLC

        
                
        7122 Jordan Ave 
        Canoga Park, CA 
7122 Jordan Ave
Canoga Park
CA





 

 


Cap That

        
                
        4929 Hampton St 
        Vernon, CA 
4929 Hampton St
Vernon
CA





 

 


Charmed Fir Mats & Radiant Mats

        
                
        S Los Angeles St 
        Los Angeles, CA 
S Los Angeles St
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


Chictreat.com

        
                
        23923 Ventura Blvd #101 
        Calabasas, CA 
23923 Ventura Blvd #101
Calabasas
CA





 

 


CloudV Enterprises

        
                
        206 N Jackson St #301 
        Glendale, CA 
206 N Jackson St #301
Glendale
CA





 

 


Decor Interiors

        
                
        5828 Colfax Ave Apt 7 
        North Hollywood, CA 
5828 Colfax Ave Apt 7
North Hollywood
CA





 

 


Drinks, LLC

        
                
        2355 Westwood Blvd #791 
        Los Angeles, CA 
2355 Westwood Blvd #791
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


DrugTestsInBulk.com


        West Hills, CA 

West Hills
CA





 

 


EC Design LLC

        
                
        4860 W 147th St 
        Hawthorne, CA 
4860 W 147th St
Hawthorne
CA





 

 


Emporium Retail Group, LLC

        
                
        10920 Wilshire Blvd #150-9138 
        Los Angeles, CA 
10920 Wilshire Blvd #150-9138
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


EnterComputers.com

        
                
        20700 Belshaw Ave 
        Carson, CA 
20700 Belshaw Ave
Carson
CA





 

 


FabFitFun, Inc.

        
                
        360 N La Cienega Blvd 
        Los Angeles, CA 
360 N La Cienega Blvd
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


Fashion Nova

        
                
        2801 E 46th St 
        Vernon, CA 
2801 E 46th St
Vernon
CA





 

 


Five Four Club

        
                
        6380 Wilshire Blvd STE 1106 
        Los Angeles, CA 
6380 Wilshire Blvd STE 1106
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


Foodstirs

        
                
        202 Bicknell Ave 
        Santa Monica, CA 
202 Bicknell Ave
Santa Monica
CA





 

 


Halo Board

        
                
        13070 Saticoy St 
        North Hollywood, CA 
13070 Saticoy St
North Hollywood
CA





 

 


Hollar Inc.

        
                
        2601 S Malt Ave Commerce 
        Commerce, CA 
2601 S Malt Ave Commerce
Commerce
CA





 

 


Immunotec Research Inc

        
                
        5895 Rickenbacker Rd 
        Commerce, CA 
5895 Rickenbacker Rd
Commerce
CA





 

 


Italydesign.com

        
                
        3300 Keller St. Suite 101 
        Santa Clara, CA 
3300 Keller St. Suite 101
Santa Clara
CA





 

 


Jaanuu

        
                
        2101 Rosecrans Ave #5280 
        El Segundo, CA 
2101 Rosecrans Ave #5280
El Segundo
CA





 

 


Jedzebel

        
                
        703 Front St 
        Santa Cruz, CA 
703 Front St
Santa Cruz
CA





 

 


Just Enaj

        
                
        622 S Anderson St 
        Los Angeles, CA 
622 S Anderson St
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


Kutting Weight LLC

        
                
        7861 Ruffner Ave 
        Van Nuys, CA 
7861 Ruffner Ave
Van Nuys
CA





 

 


LeafTV

        
                
        1655 26th St 
        Santa Monica, CA 
1655 26th St
Santa Monica
CA





 

 


Little Sprout


        Valley Village, CA 

Valley Village
CA





 

 


Matter L.A

        
                
        550 S Hill St 
        Los Angeles, CA 
550 S Hill St
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


MeUndies.com

        
                
        3650 Holdrege Ave 
        Los Angeles, CA 
3650 Holdrege Ave
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


My Discounted Perfume, LLC

        
                
        Santa Monica 
        Santa Monica, CA 
Santa Monica
Santa Monica
CA





 

 


Neobits

        
                
        3350 Scott Blvd STE 4601 
        Santa Clara, CA 
3350 Scott Blvd STE 4601
Santa Clara
CA





 

 


NeoMagic Corporation

        
                
        830 Hillview Ct #138 
        Milpitas, CA 
830 Hillview Ct #138
Milpitas
CA





 

 


Office Media

        
                
        11400 W Olympic Blvd #6079 
        Los Angeles, CA 
11400 W Olympic Blvd #6079
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


Orange Tech Services Inc

        
                
        22543 Ventura Blvd #215 
        Woodland Hills, CA 
22543 Ventura Blvd #215
Woodland Hills
CA





 

 


Promotional Products, Inc.

        
                
        340 S Lemon Ave #7341 
        Walnut, CA 
340 S Lemon Ave #7341
Walnut
CA





 

 


Puffy

        
                
        13070 Saticoy St 
        North Hollywood, CA 
13070 Saticoy St
North Hollywood
CA





 

 


Purse Obsession

        
                
        2651 Troy Ave 
        South El Monte, CA 
2651 Troy Ave
South El Monte
CA





 

 


R&R Exclusive Inc

        
                
        655 N Central Ave Fl 17 
        Glendale, CA 
655 N Central Ave Fl 17
Glendale
CA





 

 


Ring

        
                
        1523 26th St 
        Santa Monica, CA 
1523 26th St
Santa Monica
CA





 

 


Shijin Vapor, LLC

        
                
        651 Giguere Ct 
        San Jose, CA 
651 Giguere Ct
San Jose
CA





 

 


Society6

        
                
        1655 26th St 
        Santa Monica, CA 
1655 26th St
Santa Monica
CA





 

 


StackCommerce

        
                
        21 Market St 
        Venice, CA 
21 Market St
Venice
CA





 

 


The Couture Gift Collection

        
                
        5311 Topanga Canyon Blvd STE 203 
        Woodland Hills, CA 
5311 Topanga Canyon Blvd STE 203
Woodland Hills
CA





 

 


The Loonies

        
                
        2206 S Redondo Blvd 
        Los Angeles, CA 
2206 S Redondo Blvd
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


Thrive Market Inc

        
                
        4509 Glencoe Ave 
        Marina Del Rey, CA 
4509 Glencoe Ave
Marina Del Rey
CA





 

 


Trend Pay LLC

        
                
        1260 W 2nd St 
        Los Angeles, CA 
1260 W 2nd St
Los Angeles
CA





 

 


VaporDNA

        
                
        20435 Gramercy Pl #101 
        Torrance, CA 
20435 Gramercy Pl #101
Torrance
CA





 

 


Vic's Upholstery Supply

        
                
        13820 Saticoy Street 
        Panorama City, CA 
13820 Saticoy Street
Panorama City
CA





 

 


Western Mixers Produce & Nuts, Inc.

        
                
        2910 San Fernando Road 
        Los Angeles, CA 
2910 San Fernando Road
Los Angeles
CA





 





1 of 6

10
20
50
Show All


Total Result: 55















If you would like to be listed in Online Retailer, you can 
							apply to become BBB Accredited.


















BBB Accredited Business Success Stories














×











XWhat is a BBB Business Review?
We offer free reviews on businesses that include background, licensing, consumer experience and other information such as governmental actions that is known to BBB. These reviews are provided for businesses that are BBB accredited and also for businesses that are not BBB accredited.

XBBB Reporting Policy
As a matter of policy, BBB does not endorse any product, service or business.
BBB Business Reviews are provided solely to assist you in exercising your own best judgment. Information in this BBB Business Review is believed reliable but not guaranteed as to accuracy.
BBB Business Reviews generally cover a three-year reporting period. BBB Business Reviews are subject to change at any time.











