Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Banco Santander-Chile's (BSAC) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BSAC•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:06 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




IRADIMED's (IRMD) CEO Roger Susi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IRMD•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico's (PAC) CEO Fernando Bosque on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PAC•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Power Integrations' (POWI) CEO Balu Balakrishnan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


POWI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Midland States Bancorp's (MSBI) CEO Leon Holschbach on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MSBI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




L'Oreal's (LRLCF) CEO Jean-Paul Agon on First Half 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LRLCF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Teranga Gold's (TGCDF) CEO Richard Young on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TGCDF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




IMI's (IMIAF) CEO Mark Selway on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMIAF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco De Sabadell's (BNDSF) CEO Jaime Guardiola on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BNDSF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eutelsat Communications' (EUTLF) CEO Rodolphe Belmer on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EUTLF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danone's (GPDNF) CEO Cécile Cabanis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GPDNF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Southern Copper Corporation (SCCO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SCCO•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Takeda Pharmaceutical's (TKPHF) CEO Christophe Weber on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TKPHF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aecon Group's (AEGXF) CEO John Beck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AEGXF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Renault's (RNSDF) CEO Carlos Ghosn on H1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RNSDF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BankFinancial's (BFIN) CEO F. Morgan Gasior on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BFIN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Credit Suisse Group's (CS) CEO Tidjane Thiam on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Domtar (UFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UFS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LYB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CVR Partners' (UAN) CEO Mark Pytosh on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UAN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•3 Comments 



Camden Property's (CPT) CEO Ric Campo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BASF's (BASFY) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BASFY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




West Bancorporation's (WTBA) CEO Dave Nelson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WTBA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invesco's (IVZ) CEO Martin Flanagan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVZ•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




YIT's (YITYY) CEO Kari Kauniskangas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


YITYY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Boise Cascade's (BCC) CEO Tom Corrick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cray's (CRAY) CEO Peter Ungaro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CRAY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Corporate Office Properties Trust's (OFC) CEO Steve Budorick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ferro Corporation's (FOE) CEO Peter Thomas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FOE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:36 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ventas' (VTR) CEO Debra Cafaro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VTR•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 




123456...4457Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
Manufacturing and Industrial Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Manufacturing and Industrial StocksCompagnie de Saint-Gobain 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCODGF• Yesterday, 10:55 PM • SA TranscriptsAecon Group Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAEGXF• Yesterday, 9:19 PM • SA TranscriptsYIT OYJ ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesYITYY• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • SA TranscriptsBASF SE ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBASFY• Yesterday, 8:39 PM • SA TranscriptsLAFARGEHOLCIM LTD ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHCMLY• Yesterday, 8:03 PM • SA TranscriptsL'Air Liquide SA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAIQUF• Yesterday, 6:53 PM • SA TranscriptsLinde AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLNAGF• Yesterday, 6:48 PM • SA TranscriptsArcadis NV 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesARCVF• Yesterday, 5:35 PM • SA TranscriptsFlowserve Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFLS• Yesterday, 5:04 PM • SA TranscriptsLydian International (LYDIF) Presents At Sprott Conference - SlideshowLYDIF• Yesterday, 2:04 PM • SA TranscriptsDreamliner Performance SatisfiesBA• Yesterday, 1:15 PM • Dhierin Bechai•6 CommentsKlabin S.A. ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKLBAY• Yesterday, 11:31 AM • SA TranscriptsUS Ecology, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesECOL• Yesterday, 11:12 AM • SA TranscriptsRockwell Collins, Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCOL• Yesterday, 9:48 AM • SA TranscriptsColfax Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCFX• Yesterday, 9:48 AM • SA TranscriptsAV Homes, Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAVHI• Yesterday, 8:51 AM • SA TranscriptsBarnes Group Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesB• Yesterday, 8:50 AM • SA TranscriptsBombardier Inc.B 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBDRBF• Yesterday, 7:39 AM • SA TranscriptsHitachi Ltd. ADR 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHTHIY• Yesterday, 4:28 AM • SA TranscriptsMTU Aero Engines AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMTUAF• Yesterday, 4:03 AM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Dynamics: Another Solid Quarter, Overvaluation PersistsGD• Yesterday, 3:30 AM • Sure Dividend•5 CommentsCaterpillar: OK, What Now?CAT• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:32 PM • Vince Martin•7 CommentsCaterpillar Breaks Out On Massive Full-Year Guidance UpgradeCAT• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:54 PM • Michael FitzsimmonsWest Fraser Timber Co. (WFTBF) Acquires Gilman - M&A SlideshowWFTBF• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:53 PM • SA TranscriptsEMCOR Group, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEME• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:49 PM • SA TranscriptsUndervalued And Growing: Argan, Inc.AGX• Thu, Jul. 27, 1:52 PM • Ty Huggins•6 CommentsAdomani: Electric Buses Are The Way To GoADOM• Thu, Jul. 27, 12:41 PM • Marcus Mincey•2 CommentsMilacron Holdings 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMCRN• Thu, Jul. 27, 12:18 PM • SA TranscriptsBoeing: Sagging Yield Is A Warning SignBA• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:54 AM • Stone Fox Capital•28 CommentsTriMas Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTRS• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:03 AM • SA TranscriptsL-3 Communications Holdings Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLLL• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:07 AM • SA TranscriptsAGCO Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAGCO• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsCurtiss-Wright Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCW• Thu, Jul. 27, 8:31 AM • SA TranscriptsBoeing: StunningBA• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:30 AM • Dhierin Bechai•35 CommentsStanley Black & Decker: 140 Consecutive Years Of Dividend Payments And Powerful BrandsSWK• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:27 AM • Simply Safe Dividends•3 CommentsHoneywell: The Story Continues To Get BetterHON• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:36 AM • WG Investment Research•4 CommentsTime To Get Off The Caterpillar TractorCAT• Thu, Jul. 27, 5:17 AM • Reason Investments•7 CommentsDynacor Gold: Signs Of A Turnaround?DNGDF• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:25 AM • Gold Mining Bull•4 Comments3M: Still A Great Company After Q2 Earnings ReleaseMMM• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:05 AM • Ploutos Investing•4 CommentsPlug Power Surprisingly Increases Expensive Credit Facility With NY Green BankPLUG• Thu, Jul. 27, 12:24 AM • Henrik Alex•29 CommentsTower International, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTOWR• Thu, Jul. 27, 12:03 AM • SA TranscriptsMcDermott International Is Still A BargainMDR• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:28 PM • Orthodox Investor•7 CommentsIDEX Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIEX• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:59 PM • SA TranscriptsD. R. Horton Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDHI• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:59 PM • SA TranscriptsThe Boeing Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBA• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:51 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsBoeing Is Hitting New All-Time HighsBA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:45 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsBoeing: This Amazes MeBA• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:45 AM • Quad 7 Capital•25 CommentsUnited States Steel Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesX• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:20 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentUSG Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUSG• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:19 AM • SA TranscriptsTimken Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTKR• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:19 AM • SA TranscriptsRockwell Automation, Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesROK• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsIngersoll-Rand plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIR• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsFLIR Systems, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFLIR• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:14 AM • SA Transcripts3M: Buy The Dip For Growth And IncomeMMM• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:50 AM • Stefan Redlich•11 CommentsJoint French-German Fighter Jet Initiative May Affect Lockheed's F-35 Sales ProspectsLMT• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:49 AM • Zoltan Ban•47 CommentsGEA Group AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGEAGF• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:02 AM • SA TranscriptsGKN Plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGKNCF• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:31 AM • SA TranscriptsIran And Its Love For Western AircraftBA, EADSF• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:30 AM • Dhierin Bechai•5 CommentsI Was Wrong About CaterpillarCAT• Wed, Jul. 26, 6:58 AM • Josh Arnold•13 CommentsLonza Group AG ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLZAGY• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:27 AM • SA TranscriptsHoneywell Is Off To The Races AgainHON• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:13 PM • Josh Arnold•1 CommentIllinois Tool Works Finding It Harder To Clear A Rising BarITW• Tue, Jul. 25, 2:47 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 CommentsWestport Fuel Systems: Consensus EBIT Estimates Miss The MarkWPRT• Tue, Jul. 25, 2:22 PM • Eric R. I. Crawford•50 CommentsCrane Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCR• Tue, Jul. 25, 1:04 PM • SA TranscriptsSnap-on: The Market Rightfully Discounts Current MarginsSNA• Tue, Jul. 25, 12:35 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAllegheny Technologies Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATI• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:40 AM • SA TranscriptsLincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLECO• Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 AM • SA TranscriptsMcDermott International, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMDR• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:35 AM • SA TranscriptsPentair Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPNR• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsPulteGroup, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPHM• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:15 AM • SA TranscriptsAltra Industrial Motion Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAIMC• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:15 AM • SA Transcripts3M Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMMM• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:15 AM • SA Transcripts•13 CommentsCaterpillar Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCAT• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:13 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentOutokumpu OYJ 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesOUTKF• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:02 AM • SA TranscriptsBoeing 787 Needs Aggressive Cost CuttingBA• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:00 AM • Dhierin Bechai•21 Comments123456...220Next Page





HollySys Automation Technologies' (HOLI) CEO Baiqing Shao on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»HollySys Automation Technologies' (HOLI) CEO Baiqing Shao on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay.12.17 | About: HollySys Automation (HOLI) HollySys Automation Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ:HOLI)
Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 11, 2016 09:00 PM ET
Executives
Arden Xia - IR Director
Baiqing Shao - Chief Executive Officer
Herriet Qu - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Alex Chang - Citigroup
Jacqueline Du - Goldman Sachs 
Thomas Zhang - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Patrick Xu - Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the HollySys Automation Technologies Fiscal Year 2017, the Third Quarter Ended on March 31, 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be presentation followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that this conference is being recorded May 12, 2017 Beijing Time.
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Arden Xia, the Investor Relations Director of HollySys Automation Technologies. Thank you. Please go ahead, Mr. Xia.
Arden Xia
Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today our speakers will be Mr. Baiqing Shao, CEO of HollySys Automation Technologies; Ms. Herriet Qu, CFO of HollySys; and myself, the IR Director of HollySys. On today's call, Mr. Shao will provide a general overview of business, including some highlights for the quarter; and Ms. Qu will discuss our performance from a financial perspective. And the whole senior management will answer questions afterwards.
Before getting started, I’d like to remind everyone that this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts, including statements relating to the expected growth of Hollysys' future product introductions, the mix of products in future periods, and future operating results. Such forward-looking statements, based upon the current beliefs and expectations of Hollysys' management, are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements.
The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in these statements. Business conditions in China and in Southeast Asia; continued compliance with government regulations; legislation or regulatory environments, requirements or changes adversely affecting the businesses in which Hollysys is engaged; cessation or changes in government incentive programs; potential trade barriers affecting international expansion; fluctuations in customer demand; management of rapid growth and transitions to new markets; intensity of competition from or introduction of new and superior products by other providers of automation and control system technology; timing, approval and market acceptance of new product introductions; general economic conditions; geopolitical events and regulatory changes; as well as other relevant risks detailed in Hollysys' filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The information set forth herein should be read in light of such risks. HollySys does not assume any obligation to update the information discussed in this conference call or in its filings. Please note that all amounts noted in this conference call will be US dollars unless otherwise noted.
And now, I'd like to turn the call to Mr. Baiqing Shao. Please go ahead, Mr. Shao.
Baiqing Shao
Thank you, Arden, and greetings to everyone. I would like to discuss some key events during this quarter. With market stabilization in parts of process industries, the performance of Industrial Automation has been getting better, especially recent order trend reflecting a positive momentum. Through actively traced our customers' new demands under adjusting circumstance, we got several significant contracts.

For example, in power, we signed the contract to provide products for Sichuan Jiangyou 2X1000MW power units, Shanxi Yangmei 2X660MW power units. In chemical, we provided DCS and SIS for producing polycarbonate of Luxi Chemical Company. In petrochemical, we won the contract to provide DCS to Shengli oilfield Gudong production plant. In nuclear power, we are continuing providing DCS for Hongyanhe number 5 and number 6 units and Tianwan number 5 and number 6 units.
For Factory Automation, after changing strategies from selling products to providing solutions to customers, we did have some progress such as Hair project to help the customer improve the level of automation and intelligence of their Tianjin-based factory, which focuses on washing machines; integrated internal resources to provide the production; and Hai Di Lao Hot Pot project to help the customer improve their efficiency of hot pot based making in the restaurant. Hollysys aims to make each project into a demonstration project to create values to the customers and explore more opportunities in sub-industries.
In high-speed railway, we won 106 C2-ATPs & 10 C3-ATPs, but since the customer is changing the procurement timeline, it increases uncertainty and volatility of the performance of the high-speed railway. In addition, since it is the beginning of the 13 five-year plan, the finished infrastructure of new planned railway is limited.
Therefore, in short-term, the performance of high-speed rail segment was unfavorable. However, from long run, according to the mid and long-term plan of high-speed railway and with the increase of the after sell and replacement, as well as new products launch. We expect the sector will gradually recover in the future. For subway, we won the contract to provide power SCADA for Dalian intercity line from Jinzhou to Pulandianwan.
In the mechanical and electrical installation services, although Concord and Bond are facing some difficulties because of the local political and economic uncertainties in South East Asia and Middle East area, they are still working hard to develop businesses. As one of the strategies to expand overseas market, we will ensure a healthy development of Concord and Bond and take use of their advantages such as good customer relations and sales channels to find more international opportunities.
With that, I would like to turn the call over to Arden Xia, who will read the financial results analysis on behalf of our CFO Ms. Herriet Qu.
Arden Xia
Thank you, Mr. Shao. I would like to share some highlights for the first nine months and the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 ending March 31. Compared to the third quarter of prior fiscal year, the total revenues for the third quarter decreased from $118.8 million to $91.3 million, representing a decrease of 23.1%.
Broken down by the revenue types, services revenue increased by 17.7% to $3.4 million, integrated contracts revenue decreased by 21.6% to $78.2 million, and products sales revenue decreased by 39.7% to $9.7 million. In July 2016, the Company's interests in Hollycon were diluted from 51.0% to 30.0% and the Company lost the control of Hollycon.
As a result, Hollycon's financials would not be included in the Company's consolidated financials from July 2016 on. If Hollycon's revenue was excluded from the comparable figure for the third quarter of the prior fiscal year, the products sales revenue for the third quarter should be increased by 17.8%. The Company's total revenues can also be presented in segments three months ended March 31. Industrial Automation, $38.1 million, Rail Transportation $34.8 million, M&E $18.5 million, Total $91.3 million, nine months ended March 31, Industrial Automation $128.9 million, Railway Transportation $91.1 million, M&E $74 million, total $294 million.

Overall gross margin, excluding non-cash amortization of acquired intangibles, was 30.7% for the third quarter, as compared to 31.7% for the same period of the prior year. The non-GAAP gross margin for integrated contracts, product sales, and services rendered were 24.4%, 65.2% and 78.8% for the third quarter, as compared to 27.1%, 55.5% and 59.1% for the same period of the prior year respectively.
The gross margin fluctuation was mainly due to the different revenue mix with different margin. The GAAP overall gross margin which includes non-cash amortization of acquired intangibles was 30.7% for the third quarter, as compared to 31.6% for the same period of the prior year.
The GAAP gross margin for integrated contracts, product sales, and service rendered were 24.4%, 65.2% and 78.8% for the third quarter, as compared to 26.9%, 55.5% and 59.1% for the same period of the prior year respectively.
Selling expenses were $6 million for the third quarter, representing an increase of $0.8 million or 13.8% compared to $5.2 million for the same quarter of the prior year. Presented as a percentage of total revenues, selling expenses were 6.5% and 4.4% for the three months ended March 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
G&A expenses, excluding non-cash share-based compensation expenses, were $8.8 million and $8.7 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively. Presented as a percentage of total revenues, non-GAAP G&A expenses were 9.6% and 7.3% for the quarters ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 respectively. The GAAP G&A expenses which include the non-cash share-based compensation expenses were $6.8 million and $9.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
R&D expenses were $6.1 million for the third quarter, representing a decrease of $2.3 million or 27.2% compared to $8.4 million for the same quarter of the prior year. Presented as a percentage of total revenues, R&D expenses were 6.7% and 7% for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
The VAT refunds and government subsidies were $5.5 million for the third quarter, as compared to $4.3 million for the same period in the prior year, representing a $1.2 million or 27.9% increase.
The income tax expenses and the effective tax rate were $4.4 million and 22.1% for the three months ended March 31, 2017, as compared to $3.4 million and 12.4% for comparable prior year period. The fluctuation of the effective tax rate was mainly due to the different pre-tax income mix with different tax rates, as the Company's subsidiaries apply to different tax rates. For the nine months ended March 31, 2017, the effective tax rate was 16%.
The non-GAAP net income attributable to Hollysys, which excludes non-cash share-based compensation expenses, amortization of acquired intangibles, acquisition-related consideration fair value adjustments and convertible bond related fair value adjustments was $13.7 million or $0.22 per diluted share based on 61.2 million shares outstanding for the third quarter. This represents a 40.7% decrease over the $23.1 million or $0.38 per share based on 60.6 million shares outstanding reported in the comparable prior year period.
On a GAAP basis, net income attributable to Hollysys was $15.6 million or $0.26 per diluted share representing a decrease of 28.5% over the $21.9 million or $0.36 per diluted share reported in the comparable prior year period.
Contracts and Backlog, Hollysys achieved $108.4 million new contracts for the third quarter. And the backlog as of March 31, 2017 was $509.8 million. The detailed breakdown by new contracts and backlog by segments: New contracts, Industrial Automation $52.8 million, and M&E $5.3 million, total $108.4 million. Backlog, Industrial Automation $127.6, Railway Transportation $238.5 million, M&E $143.7 million; total $509.8 million.

Cash flow: For the three months ended March 31, 2017, the total net cash outflow was $27.6 million. The net cash used in operating activities was $12.5 million. The net cash used in investing activities was $10 million, mainly consisted of $22.8 million time deposits placed with banks, which was partially offset by $12.5 million maturity of the deposits. The net cash used in financing activities was $3.5 million, mainly consisted of $4.9 million repayments of long-term bank loans, which was partially offset by $1.1 million for proceeds from short-term bank loans.
Balance sheet: The total amount of cash and cash equivalents and time deposits with original maturities over three months were $268.8 million, $285.4 million, and $256.4 million as of March 31, 2017, December 31, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively. As of March 31, 2017, the company held $182.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and $86.4 million in time deposits with original maturities over three months.
For the three months ended March 31, 2017, DSO was 219 days, as compared to 181 days for the comparable prior year period and 208 days for the last quarter; and inventory turnover was 61 days, as compared to 40 days for the comparable prior year period and 52 days for the last quarter.
Outlook for fiscal year 2017, consideration on the volatility of high-speed railway performance, we would like to keep the guidance even though with meet the potential challenges, for fiscal year 2017 with revenue in the range of $480 million to $520 million and non-GAAP net income in the range of US$90 million to US$100 million.
At this time we'd like to open up for the Q&A session. Please note that for Chinese-speaking participants, we can also do the Q&A in Mandarin and we'll provide translation, operator please.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you, Mr. Arden Xia. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alex Chang. Please ask your questions.
Alex Chang
And the first question about the new order, the third quarter, we found it is recovered very good, so can you talk about the structure of the new orders, especially the railway transportation. And we estimated eight from the number of ATP's procurement, it should be US$220 million, but it seems like US$50 million right now. So what about distribution? And also I want to ask the formal days from the official CRC procurement website, we could see the new order for C3, and there are three companies won the bidding. So how about Hollysys – how much Hollysys could get? The second question is about the share-based compensation and this quarter, we saw this number is positive. Can you explain about it?
Arden Xia
Okay, the first question about the Railway Transportation structure, the distribution, you can see, if compare your prediction is larger. But actually, we just announced a significant contract. We gained a lot of supplement contract in this quarter. For example, like Hong Kong MTR project, because this project is delaying, so we get some payment from the customer. And also, the small TCC project and also including the other supplemented project for the former larger projects.
The share-based compensation is based on the guidance. Last time, we – the disclosure, based on this guidance, the management team cannot achieve the target. So they cannot get the options. The options based on the performance of the EPS, for example. So this quarter, the cost of amortization, we do adjustment, so we could see gain from the value. And next quarter, we have continued the same thing, booking into the financials, but the number will be smaller than this quarter.
Let me translate the last one Mr. Shao said, because several days ago, the official website disclosed the bidding won for three companies, but the number – we not signed the contract yet, so we cannot disclose that at this time. And back the last question of Alex, he asked about the ATP contract, currently, the ASP for the C2 and C3. Are there any changes? And the answer is just last fiscal year; the C3 segment had a one-time discount for the ASP within 300-kilometer for our segment, but right now, when we won the contract, our recover for the regular price. Thank you, Alex.

Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Jacqueline Du from Goldman Sachs. Please ask your question.
Jacqueline Du
The question is about the guidance. Based on the first nine months of the performance, we not changed the guidance. So does this means that fourth quarter, we have to achieve more than $200 million revenue to meet the guidance. So can you explain about the – because this has not happened in the history, so can you explain more about the guidance?
Arden Xia
In current situation, the guidance is really meet the challenge, but this is not as you mentioned that it will bring the revenue treatment by the new businesses. We especially focused on the high-speed rail. And this part, the performance is uncertainty and it will affect the revenue and net income sharply. So that's why – because currently, the CRC side, not very transparency, so it's hard for us to make the precise prediction for the guidance. That is to say the performance is really based on the high-speed rail performance at the end of this fiscal year.
Jacqueline Du
So for the Factory Automation, what about the progress and – within the new businesses? And also, relate to the revenue contribution, how we could expect the timeline?
Arden Xia
For the new business or technology, looking at them like the traction, okay, we will have the order. But the topline, hardly to give you right now. And for Factory Automation, from – we changed the strategy from single-product sales to the total solutions provide. And we based on several sub-industries to do appraised demonstration projects. Right now, everything is – goes well, but from the contract or revenue to see, it cannot make even of the declining. I mean, it is not very – too large contract size cannot support right now. For the long-term, we have confidence to develop this area, keep a very high growth rate.
Jacqueline Du
The first question is about some risks control that – from our side, we think that there are some risks, for example, like the ATP bidding procurement. We can see the C3 segment, the – can we grow the size – the company, can grow the size. It's the first time to join this area, so is this will affect the market share in the future? And the second question about the mechanical and electrical installation services, there are some uncertainties. Can you explain more about this [indiscernible]?
Arden Xia
From the Hollysys high-speed rail revenue aspect as compared to 2016 and 2017, the sharp decrease is a one-time problem, not structural. For the short-term to see, it is hard to achieve the performance of fiscal year 2016, because the year based at the end of 12th five-year plan and there was – were a lot of ATPs.
So from the market share aspect, this is a long-term issue. We cannot maintain 50% market share in 200 kilometer segment, but we will keep at least the 30% for both C2 and C3. And also can we real-time new player joining, we are disclosed to the institutional investors before.
And meanwhile I mean – at last, I want to measure some good areas from the mid long-term to see the high-speed railway after-sale revenue will keep steady growth. And also new products, new technology, like the track circuit will join. And the very important thing is replacement cycle or treatment life cycle with 10 years now just to meet the cycle. So what we sold the ATP, we'll sell again. All of this will secure high-speed rail revenue; keep a steady performance in the future.
The Mechanical and Electrical Installation Services segment because this area focus – the business focuses on Southeast Asia and those local economic not very good in recent years, so we meet a lot of competition and especially from the new orders to see still have challenge. But we are trying our best to do the business right now. You could see the M&E sector of the revenue growth came out is 10%. But no matter what, just add to the fact that the potential risk for those areas still exists; especially we mentioned the new orders side.

Thank you. Operator, next one.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Zhang from Morgan Stanley. Please ask your question.
Thomas Zhang
The first question about the P&L, which we see the share net income after the investee. That item was inside, especially the Hollycon, how much performance by the Hollycon? And of course, last fiscal year, we could see our government subsidy from the nuclear power JV also included data within this item. So can you explain how much about the net subsidy? And the second question, about the Industrial Automation new order. Right now, we see the trend is very good and compare increase, but it's separated by the DCS demand. Which industry performance is better? And can you explain based on industries? Thank you.
Arden Xia
The first question, about the net income equity investee. This part was based on equity matters. And inside, there has mainly two companies. One is Hollycon, and that company will hold around 30% shares and the JV with CGNPC, that company hold around 40%. And this time $2.4 million, we could see $0.6 million from Hollycon. And also, you said right, last year, we have subsidy from the JV, CGNPC. That total number would be CNY30 million. If transferred to the U.S. dollar, it would be $6 million, around.
Thomas Zhang
And the question is about the – so that is to say in the last nine months' performance of JV with CGNPC, that company is positive.
Arden Xia
The answer is yes. The Industry Automation side, too, are hardworking. From [mainland] to see right now the new contract compare increased a lot. And this is based on we received our existing projects and large customers to do the upgrading, those kind of things, and we found a lot of new opportunities. And from the whole industry to see, it is based on the large industries, what we gained before like the thermal power, like the chemical, petrochemical, those industries increasing and also new energy.
And we do that – but right now, the total environment is still hard to say, but we do it very cautious and optimistic. And next quarter, to be frank, the revenue would be turn to positive compares and we have confident to maintain and Industrial Automation gradually recover in the future, because the timeline constraint. So the last question, please operator.
Operator
Thank you, sir. Your last question comes from the line of Patrick Xu from Nomura. Please ask your question.
Patrick Xu
The first question is about the order within the high-speed rail sector, from the backlog to see, it is compare not goes down very fast. So – but the high-speed rail revenue is continue declining, so can you explain about this trend? I mean especially the backlog is going down, what's the reason behind?
The second question about the working capital, we could see the DSO days and inventory days goes up, can you explain about that? The third one is miscellaneous. It seems like compare last fiscal year, the miscellaneous items have not been right now. So is there anything changed behind or can you please explain about this item?
Arden Xia
The first question about the new order within the high-speed rail is to see the backlog structure; actually it contains less ATP than before. However, our ATP contract recognized revenue compared TCC is shorter. For example, normally it would be six to 12 months finished recognized revenue, but TCC will be one or two year. But right now, our – because we – the ATP contract is delaying, so we have last ATP contract within the backlog. But relatively, the high base belongs to after sale TCC, those contracts. But average, the recognized revenue period would be one or two years. 
The DSO days goes up, is not means the AR getting larger. Actually, you could see the absolutely – value for the account receivable is still stable. And at this time, it's because the revenue goes down, so that's why DSO day goes up. And inventory, because we are right now preparing the goods for the potential contracts, so that's why the inventory is increasing.

The miscellaneous, because last fiscal year, that one represented the large percentage of Hollycon. But Hollycon diluted from 51% to 30%, and right now, we lost control of Hollycon, so not consolidated with the financials. That's why this time, the miscellaneous, you could see, have no things. And this part, right now, you could see from the P&L the equity investee area. Thank you.
Patrick Xu
The question is about – you said the inventory goes up, can you explain which part of the business prepare for the inventory?
Arden Xia
The answer is high-speed rail would be much – the larger percentage than the others. Thank you, Patrick.
End of Q&A
Arden Xia
Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. If you haven't got a chance to raise your questions, we will be pleased to answer them through follow-up contacts. We're looking forward to speaking with you again in near future. Thank you. Thank you, operator.
Operator
Thank you. This does conclude your conference. Thank you all for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Industrial Goods, Industrial Electrical Equipment, China, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All HOLI TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 
























Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd (HOLI) Advertising 




























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 




















 HOLI- NAS (USA) Also traded in: GermanyHollysys Automation Technologies Ltd



Not Rated

Top Ranked Predictable Companies
 
$19.04     0.1(0.53%) Volume: 228,358  4:00PM EDTAvg Vol (1m): 342,261
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 1 Severe Warning Sign with HOLI. Click here to check it out.  







Market Cap : 
			1.15 B
Enterprise Value : 
			908.54 M
P/E(TTM) : 
			14.13
P/B : 
			1.67

















$19.04 (1y: -3%)



+ Add to Portfolio
Email Alerts
Stock PDFRSSWebsite FilingsDownloadBatch DownloadManual of Stocks™ Web APPManual of Stocks™Sorry. Only PremiumPlus Member can access this feature.Free Trial





This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





HOLI has been successfully added to your Stock Email Alerts list.
You can manage your stock email alerts here.




HOLI has been removed from your Stock Email Alerts list.



Please enter Portfolio Name for new portfolio.


SummaryGuru Trades30-Y FinancialsAnalysisDCFInteractive ChartDividendInsiderOwnershipHeadlinesCompareChecklistDefinitions






Switch to:















Fundamental

 Altman Z-Score Beneish M-Score Book Value per Share Dividends per Share E10 Earnings per Share (Diluted) EBITDA per Share Enterprise Value EPS without NRI FFO per Share Financial Strength Float Percentage Of Total Shares Outstanding Free Cash Flow per Share Insider Ownership Institutional Ownership Market Cap (M) Net Cash per Share Net Current Asset Value Net-Net Working Capital Operating Cash Flow per Share Owner Earnings per Share (TTM) Piotroski F-Score Predictability Rank Profitability Revenue per Share Scaled Net Operating Assets Short Interest Short Percentage of Float Tangible Book per Share Total Debt per Share 


Valuation Ratio

 3-Year Average Share Buyback Ratio Asset Turnover Cash Conversion Cycle Cash-to-Debt COGS-to-Revenue Current Ratio Days Inventory Days Payable Days Sales Outstanding Debt-to-Asset Debt-to-Equity Earnings Yield % Earnings Yield (Joel Greenblatt) % Effective Interest Rate on Debt % Equity-to-Asset EV-to-EBIT EV-to-EBITDA EV-to-Revenue Forward PE Ratio Forward Rate of Return (Yacktman) % Goodwill-to-Asset Gross-Profit-to-Asset % Interest Coverage Inventory Turnover Inventory-to-Revenue LT-Debt-to-Total-Asset PB Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio without NRI PEG Ratio Price-to-Free-Cash-Flow Price-to-Operating-Cash-Flow Price-to-Owner-Earnings Price-to-Tangible-Book PS Ratio Quick Ratio Return-on-Tangible-Asset Return-on-Tangible-Equity ROA % ROC % ROC (Joel Greenblatt) % ROE % ROIC % Shiller PE Ratio Short Ratio Sloan Ratio % WACC % 


Profitability

 FCF Margin % Gross Margin % Net Interest Margin (Bank Only) % Net Margin % Operating Margin % 


Price

 Earnings Power Value (EPV) Graham Number Intrinsic Value: DCF (Earnings Based) Intrinsic Value: DCF (FCF Based) Intrinsic Value: Projected FCF Margin of Safty % (DCF Earnings Based) Median PS Value Net Cash per Share Peter Lynch Fair Value 


Dividends

 3-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Yield-on-Cost % Dividend Payout Ratio Dividend Yield % Dividend-Payout-to-FFO Forward Dividend Yield % 


Income Statement

 Advertising Cost of Goods Sold Credit Losses Provision Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization EBIT EBITDA EPS (Basic) EPS (Diluted) Fees and Other Income Gross Profit Interest Expense Interest Income Net Income Net Income (Continuing Operations) Net Income (Discontinued Operations) Net Interest Income Net Investment Income Net Policyholder Benefits/Claims Non Interest Income Non-Recurring Items Operating Income Other Income (Expense) Other Noninterest Expense Other Operating Expense Policy Acquisition Expense Pre-Tax Income Preferred Dividends Research & Development Revenue Selling, General, & Admin. Expense Shares Outstanding (Diluted Average) SpecialCharges Tax Expense Tax Provision Total Premiums Earned 


Balance Sheet

 Accounts Payable & Accrued Expense Accounts Receivable Accumulated Depreciation Additional Paid-In Capital Buildings And Improvements Capital Lease Obligation Capital Surplus Cash And Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities Common Stock Construction In Progress Current Portion of Long-Term Debt Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Equity Investments Fixed Maturity Investment Future Policy Benefits Goodwill Gross Property, Plant and Equipment Intangible Assets Inventories, Finished Goods Inventories, Other Inventories, Raw Materials & Components Inventories, Work In Process Land And Improvements Long-Term Debt & Capital Lease Obligation Marketable Securities Money Market Investments Net Loan Other Assets for Banks Other Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Other Liabilities for Banks Other Long Term Assets Other Long-Term Liabilities Paid-In Capital Policyholder Funds Preferred Stock Property, Plant and Equipment Retained Earnings Securities & Investments Shares Outstanding (EOP) Short-term investments Total Assets Total Current Assets Total Current Liabilities Total Deposits Total Equity Total Inventories Total Liabilities Treasury Stock Unearned Premiums Unpaid Loss & Loss Reserve 


Cashflow statement

 Capital Expenditure Cash Flow for Dividends Cash Flow from Discontinued Operations Cash Flow from Financing Cash Flow from Investing Cash Flow from Operations Cash Flow from Others Cash From Discontinued Investing Activities Cash From Other Investing Activities Change In Inventory Change In Receivables Change In Working Capital Cumulative Effect Of Accounting Change Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization FFO Free Cash Flow Net Change in Cash Net Foreign Currency Exchange Gain Net Income From Continuing Operations Net Intangibles Purchase And Sale Net Issuance of Debt Net Issuance of Preferred Stock Net Issuance of Stock Purchase Of Business Purchase Of Investment Purchase Of Property, Plant, Equipment Sale Of Business Sale Of Investment Sale Of Property, Plant, Equipment Stock Based Compensation 










                        GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd $HOLI.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    
























Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd (NAS:HOLI)
Advertising
=GURUF("HOLI","Advertising")

$0.0 Mil (As of Mar. 2017)
Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd's promotion and advertising for the quarter that ended in Mar. 2017 was $0.0 Mil.

Definition
This is the expense the company spent on promoting an industry, entity, brand, product name, or specific products or services in order to stimulate a desire to buy the entity's products or services.

Historical Data
* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.
Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd Annual Data



Dec06Jun08Jun09Jun10Jun11Jun12Jun13Jun14Jun15Jun16

PromotionAndAdvertising
0.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.0

Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd Quarterly Data



Dec14Mar15Jun15Sep15Dec15Mar16Jun16Sep16Dec16Mar17

PromotionAndAdvertising
0.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.0













Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK


























FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)















  HOLI:NASDAQ GS Stock Quote - Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd   HOLI:US   NASDAQ GS        19.04USD   0.10   0.53%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   18.92    Day Range   18.62 - 19.17    Volume   228,358    Previous Close   18.94    52Wk Range   15.08 - 23.55    1 Yr Return   -1.88%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   18.92    Day Range   18.62 - 19.17    Volume   228,358    Previous Close   18.94    52Wk Range   15.08 - 23.55    1 Yr Return   -1.88%    YTD Return   3.93%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   14.97    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   1.27    Market Cap (b USD)   1.148    Shares Outstanding  (m)   60.320    Price/Sales (TTM)   2.58    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   1.05%        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.09%     Industry Technology Hardware & Equipment   % Price Change -0.66%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/25/2017   Hollysys Automation Technologies to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results and Host Earnings Conference     5/11/2017   Hollysys Automation Technologies Reports Unaudited Financial Results for the First Nine Months and the Third Quarter Ended Marc     4/25/2017   Hollysys Automation Technologies to Announce Financial Results for Its Fiscal Year 2017 Third Quarter Ended on March 31, 2017     2/14/2017   Hollysys Automation Technologies Reports Unaudited Financial Results for the First Half Year and the Second Quarter Ended    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd. manufactures automation and control systems.  The Company produces process, industrial, rail and subway, and nuclear power plant automation equipment.    Address  No 2 Disheng Middle RoadBeijing Economic TechnologicalBeijing, 100176China   Phone  86-10-5898-1386   Website   www.hollysys.com     Executives Board Members    Baiqing Shao  Chief Executive Officer    Herriet Qu  Chief Financial Officer    Arden Xia  Mgr:Investor Relations & Communications     Show More         








FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »

















HOLI | Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd | Dividend History | Dividend Channel























































Home
BDCs
Articles
Declarations
Calendar
Calculator
Screener
ETFs
Forums
Contrarian Outlook












Latest Dividend Video

If the video does not load after a few moments, 
Upgrade to the Latest Flash Player.







HOLI — Price Chart




Recent Related Videos




HOLI Dividend History & Description — Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd     Hollysys Automation Technologies is engaged in the design, production and installation of automation and process control systems. Co. manufactures spare parts for maintenance and replacement purposes after completion of integrated solution contracts to its customers' requirements. Co.'s proprietary technologies are applied in product lines including Distributed Control Systems, or DCS and Programmable Logic Controller, or PLC, for industrial sector, high-speed railway signaling system of Train Control Center, or TCC, and Automatic Train Protection, or ATP, subway supervisory and control platform, or SCADA, and nuclear conventional island automation and control system.    


HOLI — Key Stats (updated 13 hours, 46 minutes ago)



Name: 
Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd

Website: 
www.Hollysys.com

Sector: 
Electronic Equipment & Products

Number of ETFs Holding HOLI: 
4 (see which ones)

Total Market Value Held by ETFs: 
$5,284,282

Total Market Capitalization: 
$1,133,000,000

% of Market Cap. Held by ETFs: 
0.47%



Dividend History Chart





HOLI — News






Featured Slideshows





Warren Buffett Dividend Stocks

Dividend Growth Stocks: 25 Aristocrats

Future Dividend Aristocrats: Close Contenders

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed Stocks

Decades of Increasing Payments: 25 
S.A.F.E. Dividend Stocks

The 
DividendRank Top 25

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed DJIA Components

Feel-Good Income: 25
Socially Responsible Dividend Stocks

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed Dow Transports Components

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed Dow Utilities Components

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed Nasdaq 100 Components

10 Stocks
Going Ex-Dividend

10 Oversold
Dividend Stocks

10 High Yield 
Baby Bonds

10 Stocks Where
Yields Got More Juicy

10 Dividend Bargains You Can 
Buy Cheaper Than Insiders Did

Top Ranked Dividend
Stocks With Insider Buying

Best Dividend Stocks Analysts Like 
in the S&P

Best Dividend Paying Stocks Analysts 
Like in the Dow

10 Cheap Dividend Stocks Under $10

10 Low Priced Dividend Stocks Under $5

Broker Darlings: Top 15 Analyst Picks
of the Dow

Top 25 Broker Analyst Picks of the
S&P 500

Forgotten S&P 500 Giants:
Analysts' Current Least Favorites

10 ETFs With Stocks That   
Insiders Are Buying

25 Dividend Giants Widely Held By ETFs

10 Energy Stocks You 
Can Buy Cheaper Than Insiders Did

10 Metals Stocks     
You Can Buy Cheaper Than Insiders Did

10 Oversold Metals 
Stocks

10 Must-Know High-Yield 
REITs

10 Top DividendRank'ed 
Financials

10 Top 
DividendRank'ed Metals Stocks

10 Oversold
Energy Stocks

10 Top
DividendRank'ed Energy Stocks

10 Top
DividendRank'ed Utility Stocks

10 Stocks Crossing
Below Book Value

10 Stocks
Crossing Above Their 200 Day Moving Average

10 Stocks
Crossing Below Their 200 Day Moving Average

10 
Dividend Stocks Crossing Above Their 200 DMA

10 
Dividend Stocks Crossing Below Their 200 DMA

The 10 Biggest ETFs

The 10 Best ETF Performers

The 10 Worst ETF Performers

10 ETFs With Notable Inflows

10 ETFs With Notable Outflows

The Ten Most Shorted 
Stocks of the Dow

The 25 Most Shorted 
Stocks of the Nasdaq 100

The 25 Most Shorted 
Stocks of the S&P 500

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Consumer Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Dividend Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Energy Stocks

Warren  
Buffett Energy Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Financial Stocks

Warren  
Buffett Bank Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Healthcare Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated REIT 
Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Technology Stocks

Warren  
Buffett Technology Stocks

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed Canadian Stocks

The 
DividendRank Canada Top 25

10 Canadian Stocks
Going Ex-Dividend

10 Oversold
Canadian Stocks

10 Canadian Stocks Where
Yields Got More Juicy

10 Must-Know 
High-Yield Canadian Real Estate Stocks

10 Top DividendRank'ed 
Canadian Financials

10 Must-Know 
High-Yield Canadian Energy Stocks

10 Canadian Stocks Crossing
Below Book Value

10 Canadian Stocks
Crossing Above Their 200 Day Moving Avg

10 Canadian Stocks
Crossing Below Their 200 Day Moving Avg

Stock market game


Advertising Opportunities on Dividend Channel






HOLI — Current Quote



Quotes delayed 20 minutes


Free SEC filing email alerts 



Avg. Broker Rec. 




Buy (3.00 out of 4)
49th percentile

(ranked lower than approx. 51% of all stocks covered)
Based on 
data provided by Zacks Investment Research via Quandl.com




Dividend History






HOLI — Performance














PARTNER NEWS:Tue, May 16, 8:29 AM, Zacks
New Strong Sell Stocks for May 16thHere are 5 stocks added to the Zacks Rank  5 (Strong Sell) List today 
Tue, Jan 24, 8:50 AM, Zacks
Is HollySys Automation a Great Stock for Value Investors?Let's delve into the value metrics of HollySys Automation (HOLI) and determine whether it is a good value investment right now. 









HOLI | Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd | Dividend History | Dividend Channel | www.DividendChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2010 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Dividend Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use 
and Privacy Policy.  Video widget and dividend videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote data delayed at least 20 
minutes; data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Dividend Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.












































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      
















Sign Up - Linx Low-code Application Development Platform                 Skip to contentJoin the low-code revolutionBuild low-cost, robust business applications. Integrate systems. Automate tasks. Save time. Reduce errors.  Windows 7 and above (system requirements)  Quickly develop and deploy rapid, cost-effective applications  Fast-track performanceBuild business apps 5x faster than with traditional software development. Low-CodeBuild and deploy in seconds no matter if you’re a business analyst or IT professional. Flexible and powerfulEasily configurable, scalable, and compatible with all standard databases. ProvenWith over a decade's experience, Linx is reliable, robust and market proven. The low-code advantageIntegrate your business solutions.  Automate time-consuming processes.  Drive company-wide productivity. Save time, reduce errors and eliminate business-critical repetitive tasks Create Powerful Web Services & APIsPublish or consume APIs. Easily create or call REST and SOAP web services. Automate Business ProcessesAutomate repeatable processes such as transferring files, data transfers or sending email. Connect Software & SystemsMigrate, integrate and more. Connect to SQL or NoSQL data sources, parse files, consume APIs and more."Linx has allowed our business to create flexible, standardised solutions, enabling us to work more efficiently and reduce risk." - Business Specialist, Old Mutual"With practically no dependency on low level code, we're able to translate complex concepts and logic into rock-solid services with unparalleled ease and speed."- Technical Director, Media Host"We have found Linx to be an excellent toolkit that includes an environment that supports the development of the collecting of data from multiple source types, transforming that data as required using multiple techniques, then delivering the results to multiple target systems."- Director, Knadel123       Scroll to top                        Sign Up - Linx Low-code Application Development Platform                 Skip to contentJoin the low-code revolutionBuild low-cost, robust business applications. Integrate systems. Automate tasks. Save time. Reduce errors.  Windows 7 and above (system requirements)  Quickly develop and deploy rapid, cost-effective applications  Fast-track performanceBuild business apps 5x faster than with traditional software development. Low-CodeBuild and deploy in seconds no matter if you’re a business analyst or IT professional. Flexible and powerfulEasily configurable, scalable, and compatible with all standard databases. ProvenWith over a decade's experience, Linx is reliable, robust and market proven. The low-code advantageIntegrate your business solutions.  Automate time-consuming processes.  Drive company-wide productivity. Save time, reduce errors and eliminate business-critical repetitive tasks Create Powerful Web Services & APIsPublish or consume APIs. Easily create or call REST and SOAP web services. Automate Business ProcessesAutomate repeatable processes such as transferring files, data transfers or sending email. Connect Software & SystemsMigrate, integrate and more. Connect to SQL or NoSQL data sources, parse files, consume APIs and more."Linx has allowed our business to create flexible, standardised solutions, enabling us to work more efficiently and reduce risk." - Business Specialist, Old Mutual"With practically no dependency on low level code, we're able to translate complex concepts and logic into rock-solid services with unparalleled ease and speed."- Technical Director, Media Host"We have found Linx to be an excellent toolkit that includes an environment that supports the development of the collecting of data from multiple source types, transforming that data as required using multiple techniques, then delivering the results to multiple target systems."- Director, Knadel123       Scroll to top                        Linx - Prebuilt Samples            Skip to content  HomeHome-Pre-built samples-Get going faster with these pre-built solutionsFixed Length and CSV FilesWrites a Fixed Length file using Expressions.Writes a Fixed Length file using a Razor Template.Writes a CSV file using Expressions.Writes a CSV file using a Razor Template.Fixed Length and CSV FilesREAD MOREParse XMLParse the XML file using the XmlReader function and inserts the records into the database.Write the imported orders to an XML file using the XmlWriter function to check that the import succeeded.Delete the imported ordersParse XMLREAD MOREWrite CSV FileRead product information from the Northwind database and writes it to a CSV fileWrite CSV FileREAD MORESend Email from SQL ServerRetrieve customers and sends plain text email.Retrieve customers with the City provided as a parameter, formats an html email and sends it.Retrieve customers, sends plain text email and notifies you via email how many emails were sent.Send email from SQL ServerREAD MOREPublish Web ServicePublish any process as a REST web servicePublish a Web ServiceREAD MOREWrite Large FileFileOpen uses the FileOpen function to get a handle on the file, and then the repeated operations are performed on the fileNormalFileWrite does exactly the same repeats, but instead of getting the handle, each write is made directly to the fileWrite large fileREAD MOREParse CSV FilesParse a CSV file using the TextFileRead function and inserts the records into the database.Write imported customers to file using the TextFileWrite function to check that the import succeeded.Delete the imported customers.Parse CSV filesREAD MOREStore Images in DatabaseFinds and reads every image file in the input folder and sets the image as the photo of the corresponding employee in the databaseWrites the photo of every employee to an output folderUse OLE-header when the file format of the image is not knownStore Images in DatabaseREAD MORE Scroll to top                        
Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd (HOLI.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd (HOLI.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				HOLI.O on Nasdaq


				19.04USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.10


					            (+0.53%)
					        






Prev Close

$18.94


Open

$18.92




Day's High

$19.17


Day's Low

$18.62




Volume

228,358


Avg. Vol

378,267




52-wk High

$23.55


52-wk Low

$15.08












					Full Description



Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd., incorporated on February 6, 2006, is a provider of automation and control technologies, and products. The Company's segments include Industrial Automation (IA), Rail Transportation (rail), Mechanical and Electrical (M&E), and Miscellaneous. The Company's principal focus is to provide Distributed Control Systems (DCSs), Programmable Logic Controller (PLC), and related industrial automation and control solution to industrial and manufacturing companies. The Company's technologies are applied through its industrial automation solution suite, including the DCS, PLC, Real-time Management Information System (RMIS), HolliAS Asset Management System (HAMS), Operator Training System (OTS), Batch Application Package (HolliAS BATCH), Advanced Process Control Package (HolliAS APC Suite), Safety Instrumentation System (SIS), railway signaling system of Train Control Center (TCC), Automatic Train Protection (ATP), Subway Supervisory and Control platform, nuclear power non-safety automation and control system HolliAs-NMS DCS and other products. The Company serves customers in the industrial, railway, subway, nuclear power, and mechanical and electronic industries in China, Southeast Asia, India, Europe and the Middle East.Industrial AutomationThe Company's principal offering is a suite of automation systems for a range of spectrum of industrial market clientele, ranging from petrochemical, thermal power industries, to nuclear and pharmaceutical industries. Its suite of automation solution consists of third-party hardware-centric products, such as instrumentation and actuators, its software-centric DCS/PLC, and software packages, such as RMIS, HAMS, OTS, HolliAS BATCH, HolliAS APC Suite and SIS. The two mainstream products for this market segment are its DCS products and PLC. DCS are a network of controllers, sensors, actuators and other devices that can be programmed to control outputs based on input conditions through logic calculations. In an automated production line, sensors or so-called instrumentations are distributed across the production facility to monitor sub-systems, such as the robots, computer numerical control (CNC) machines and logistic tools. These sensors are like human eyes, which monitor the process and detect any abnormal situations. The information collected from those sensors is then transmitted to the DCS for centralized data processing through communication networks. The central computer (brain) processes information and generates commands, based on algorithmic and pre-set parameters. These commands are then sent to actuators (muscles/bones) through communication devices to execute the orders and maintain production flow.PLCs are computer devices installed on machines or equipment. The Company provides its HOLLiAS-NMS DCS product to China's nuclear power industry. In a nuclear power station, the nuclear island operates to transform nuclear energy to heat energy, and pass on the steam generated by the steam generator to the conventional island, where steam drives the turbine to generate the electricity, and pass on to the transformer for loading onto the grid. Its HOLLiAS-NMS control systems are used for non-safety operation control. The know-how is accumulated from its industrial DCS applications in conventional energy power plants, with software and hardware specifications, and production and quality assurance process.Rail TransportationThe Company's has scaled its automation application from industrial manufacturing to rail and subway industry, with product lines including, Train Control Center (TCC) and Automation Train Protection (ATP). An ATP essentially acts as the train over-speed protection mechanism, which collects real-time information, such as speed limit ahead, train operation status, line data, instructions from train control center, then combines that information with the train parameters to produce train protection curves. In case of any human errors, such as driver's negligence at the red light, it applies emergency brakes automatically. TCCs are an on-ground control center at railway stations or equipment stations, which monitor route condition, track status, train schedules, distance between trains, and the working status of other essential function devices, and then through logic calculation, generate control instructions and commands. The command information from the TCC is then transmitted to the ATP located on the locomotives/trains, through track circuits and electronic beacons located at various points along the railway line, or wireless.The Company provides its Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) system to China's subway markets, including the Beijing Metro, Guangzhou Metro, Shenzhen Metro, Tianjin Metro and Dalian Metro. SCADA is an open software platform to enable integrated and unified monitoring of all necessary sub-systems of the subway, including the Power Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition System, Building Automatic System, Fire Alarm System, Platform Screen Door System, Access Control System, Closed Circuit Television, Passenger Information System, Passenger Train Information System and Alarm System. The Company supplies its rail signaling system to Shenzhen-Hong Kong high-speed rail line for the Hong Kong MTR.Mechanical and ElectricalThe Company's Concord and Bond provide mechanical and electrical solutions, including design, engineering, procurement, project management, construction and commissioning, and maintenance related services. Concord mainly focuses on railway transportations in Singapore, The United Arab Emirates and Saudi Kingdom markets, and Bond mainly focuses on factories, data centers, banks, hospitals, airports, power stations, gas and instrumentation plants, hotels, commercial centers, residential buildings and infrastructure works in Malaysia.Project ImplementationThe Company's integrated solutions projects involve activities, which include Solution planning, Solution design and Solution implementation. The Company provides its customers with strategic and tactical reviews of their current operations and future requirements. The planning includes defining client business requirements, developing appropriate hardware and software, and selecting preferred technology. The Company details the industry specifications and implementation tactics. It also considers how the new technology will integrate hardware and software integrated in the solution with the customer's existing hardware and software and how it will be managed on an ongoing basis. The Company installs the recommended systems and provides services throughout the whole solution implementation process. Its activities include project management, hardware procurement and production, software development, configuration and field installation and testing, and development of customized system and services management applications.The Company competes with ABB, Honeywell, Emerson, Siemens, Supcon, Yokogawa, Nanjing Automation Research Institute, Areva, Invensys, Bombardier, Alstom, China Academy of Railway Science, Zhuzhou CSR, Bintai Kinden Corporation Berhad, PJI Holding Berhad, LFE Corporation Berhad, Kurihara, Sanyo, Bintai KDK, Gammon Construction, Hitachi and CRSC.

» Full Overview of HOLI.O







					Company Address



Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd
No. 2 Disheng Middle RoadBeijing Economic-Technlgcl DvlpmBEIJING   BEJ   100176
P: +8610.58981386F: +8610.58981100







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Baiqing Shao

--




							 Herriet Qu

--




							 Li Qiao

150,000




							 Jianyun Chai

--




							 Colin Sung

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd News




BRIEF-Hollysys Automation Q3 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.22

May 11 2017 
BRIEF-Hollysys Automation Technologies Q2 non-gaap EPS $0.18

Feb 14 2017 

» More HOLI.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment




















