    Edward Holmes | DELTA NATURAL GAS CO INC | ZoomInfo.comHolmes & Edwards: Flatware & Silverware | eBay
Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification 

Holmes & EdwardsRefine Results
Holmes & Edwards
CenturyDeep SilverForksInlaidSilver SpoonsYouth
Browse RelatedBrowse Related1847 Rogers Bros SilverwareInternational SilverplateRogers Hamilton1847 Rogers BrosWm Rogers SilverwareSterling Silver FlatwareCommunity PlateInternational Silver CompanyAlso shop inAlso shop inAntiquesSilverSilverplateFlatware & Silverware

Holmes & Edwards Spring GardenHolmes & Edwards XIVHlomes & Edwards SilverwareHolmes Edwards SilverwaresHolmes Edwards Lovely LadyHolmes Edwards CenturyHolmes Edwards Spring GardenHolmes & Edwards IsShop the large inventory of home and garden items including Holmes & Edwards flatware and silverware!Holmes Edwards ISSee more43 Pieces Wm Rogers & Son IS Victorian Rose Flatware + 2 Holmes & Edwards
												$17.001 bidFree ShippingA total of 45 pieces of silver-plate flatware. There are 43 pieces of Wm Rogers & Son Victorian Rose and 2 pieces of Holmes & Edwards, serving spoons. The Victorian Rose set has 8 Knives, 7 Tablespoon...VTG HOLMES & EDWARDS INLAID IS SILVERPLATED FLATWARE SET LOVELY LADY in Original
												$44.990 bidsThe pattern is “Lovely Lady”, 1937?. It comes in a wood, red felt lined Silverware box, I assume it is the original. The box does show wear. See pics. Nice pre-owned condition, showing normal wear fro...VINTAGE HOLMES & EDWARDS IS BABY FORK
													$3.75Buy It NowITS IN GOOD USED SHAPE BUT NEEDS POLISHED. ITS 4 1/4" LONG.Holmes & Edwards Inlaid IS Silverplate Danish Princess Flatware Set 45 Pieces
													$95.96Buy It NowHolmes & Edwards Inlaid IS 45 Piece Silverplate Danish Princess Flatware Set. Very good to excellent condition for it's age - normal scratches from use. I only noticed 2 or 3 pieces that need more tha...Vintage Holmes & Edwards Deep Silver "Silver Fashion" IS Pattern Teaspoons - 4
													$6.99Buy It NowSet of 4 lovely 6" teaspoons in excellent condition. Marked on reverse, "Holmes & Edwards Inlaid IS Deep Silver". "Silver Fashion" pattern. Expect some minor surface scratches given age. My home is pe...Holmes Edwards Inlaid ISSee more8 Grille viande forks, Holmes & Edwards Inlaid IS silverplate silver YOUTH 1940
													$11.95Buy It NowFree Shipping(5) Grille / Viande Forks. backstamp: "Holmes & Edwards Inlaid IS". pattern "YOUTH" is from 1940 and long discontinued. these have been recently polished and are sparkly silver in amazing condition.Holmes & Edwards Inlaid IS Lovely Lady Silverplate Knife Flatware Silverware Vtg
													$4.99Buy It NowIt has typical age and usage marks. The back has the "Holmes & Edwards Inlaid" mark, and it is not monogrammed. Our home is smoke-free.Vintage Holmes & Edwards Century Inlaid IS Tea Spoon Silver Plate Flatware 
													$3.25Buy It Nowor Best OfferHolmes & Edwards. 1923 Century Pattern- Inlaid. Silver Plate Tea Spoon. • I do add a very small handling fee. Sold as is.Holmes Edwards IS INLAID MAY QUEEN Vintage Silverplate for 8 ~ Total 49 Pieces Set is not complete, see description for missing items
													$65.00Buy It Nowor Best OfferFull Service for 8 (missing certain pieces see below:). I have them photographed in their original case, but the case has broken slots for the knives. 1 large ladle spoon. 1 large serving fork. 2 larg...HOLMES & EDWARDS VINTAGE 1938 DANISH PRINCESS IS Inlaid BUTTER KNIFE 
													$2.00Buy It NowHOLMES & EDWARDS VINTAGE 1938 DANISH PRINCESS IS Inlaid BUTTER KNIFEHolmes Edwards InlaidSee moreSILVERPLATE Holmes & Edwards Lovely Lady Silverplate Inlaid lot for crafting
												$19.990 bidsThis lot is in used condition and needs polishing. I recommend these for craft projects. 10 teaspoons.Holmes & Edwards Inlaid Silverplate Waldorf Pattern 1894 Dinner Forks, Five
													$18.50Buy It Nowor Best OfferFive Holmes & Edwards inlaid silver plate dinner forks, Waldorf pattern 1894. Nice condition, but need cleaning, and tines show some signs of wear.Holmes & Edwards YOUTH Inlaid Silver Flatware Set for 8 w/ Box Case Chest 59pcs 
													$119.99Buy It Nowor Best OfferUp for sale in this lot is this deco floral designed flatware set of 114 pieces of flatware by Holmes & Edwards of the International Silversmiths Group. The pattern is called Youth and was introduced ...Holmes & Edwards Inlaid Silver Flatware 47 pieces!!!
												$0.990 bids47 piece inlaid silver flatware setHolmes and Edwards Inlaid Danish Princess. Lot of 20 pc 
													$45.00Buy It NowFree ShippingLot Holmes's and Edwards inlaid 20 piece flatware 12 tea spoons 3 dinner fork 1salad fork ,3 knife and 1 serving spoon.Holmes Edwards SilverwareSee more84 Piece Holmes And Edwards Inlaid Silverware Set
												$105.000 bidsMINT CONDITION 84 Piece Holmes and Edwards inlaid Silverware set. Comes with authentic tarnish resisting chest. The international silver co...YOU DONT WANT TO MISS THIS ONE....8 Vintage Art Deco 1923 Holmes Edwards Century Soup Spoons Flatware Silverware
													$8.82Buy It NowIf it is in the barn or from the farm house that you are looking for then you will probably see it listed here.ROMANCE Lily Pierced Pie Server Holmes Edwards 1952 Silverplate Silverware 10.75
													$27.00Buy It NowFree Shipping(The delicate lily bloom on this graceful pattern is so reminiscent of sweet romance :-). Double hand-polished. You can maintain finish with a little silver polish or cloth. No bends, plate wear, or p...HOLMES & EDWARDS SPRING GARDEN PATTERN SET OF 6 GRILL FORKS SILVERWARE FLATWARE
													$13.50Buy It Now
3 watchingFor your consideration is this set of 6 Grill Forks in the Spring Garden pattern by Holmes & Edwards International Silverware. In excellent condition, very nice and shiny.Holmes and Edwards SPRING GARDEN silver plate silverware set  1949    52 pcs 
													$125.00Buy It Nowor Best Offer52 piece Holmes & Edwards International Silverplate set including original tarnish resistant chest. 8 complete place settings- knife, fork, salad fork and teaspoon. Extra 8 teaspoons. 4 serving pieces...
Browse Related1847 Rogers Bros SilverwareInternational SilverplateRogers Hamilton1847 Rogers BrosWm Rogers SilverwareAbout Holmes & EdwardsPolished until it shone, silver flatware was the hallmark of a refined household in the 1950s. Holmes Edwards silverplate flatware came in multiple patterns and was a gift every young bride appreciated. From the delicate Danish Princess and Lovely Lady patterns to the sleek lines of the Jamestown collection, the silver became a family heirloom handed down for generations. Holmes Edwards Century knives, forks, and spoons all bear a silver column with flares at the edge. Find a set on eBay to bring some old-fashioned charm to your table. Reliable sellers also offer the Holmes Edwards Spring Garden pattern with elegant flowers carved into the handles. Vintage flatware is a popular collectors' item, but when handled with care, it can also be used for special dinners and holiday parties. Set your table with retro bowls, plates, and accents, and display your silverware for guests to admire. The timeless beauty of Holmes Edwards silverplate flatware creates a sophisticated and charming feel for any table.

Shop the large inventory of home and garden items including Holmes & Edwards flatware and silverware!

nature.com searchWe use cookies to improve your experience with our site.Accept and close | More info.We are trying to improve the way search works. Let us know what you think.Skip to main contentThank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer).In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript.Nature.comsearchMenunature.com searchSearchadvancedSearch

Silverplate Patterns





























1938Danish PrincessDesigner:Lillian V.M. Helander 
  1914CarolinaAlso Brooklawn Plateand Old Company PlateDesigner:Thomas B. Lashar 
 1921HostessDesigner:Thomas B. Lashar 
1911Dolly MadisonAlso J. Wiss & Sonsand Stratford Silver 
 1954Bright Future 
1923CenturySee CatalogDesigner:  John Leech 
 1915De Sancy / RoselandAlso Fashion SilverPlate and R.C. Co.Designer:Thomas B. Lashar 
 1906Chatsworth / ChalonAlso Cambridge andParagon Silver Plate 
1935Guest of Honor 
1909BrideAlso Associated Silverand StratfordDesigner:Thomas B. Lashar 
 1929CharmSee Catalog 
1883Angelo / SaratogaNumerous backstamps 
 1904ImperialAlso J. Wiss & SonsDesigner:Sidney Smith 
 1893Delsarte 
  1883Fiddle 
1909American BeautyRose  Numerous backstamps 
1962Anniversary RoseAlso Int'l Deep Silver 
  1960Happy AnniversaryAlso Int'l Deep SilverDesigner:Robert L. Doerfler 
1886Hiawatha / Flower(Multi motif)Numerous backstamps 
 1933First LadyDesigner:Lillian V.M. Helander 
 


Return to Manufacturer Index



1882BostonAdd'l information 
1889Assyrian / GreekAdd'l information 







Holmes & Edwards Patterns: 
Jac - Ova 
Pag - You 
Ame - Irv 







Jac - Ova 
Pag - You 
Ame - Irv 
1888Holmes & EdwardsOneAlso AuroraDesigner:Robert H. Klingel 
c. 1890Holmes & EdwardsTwoAlso AuroraDesigner:Robert H. Klingel 
 1895English King 
          1895IrvingNumerous backstamps 
    







 


A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  Y



  













            


Vintage Catalog Pages






Metal Guide






Souvenir Spoons






Resources






Silver Glossary






Silver Care






BaltimoreAssay Marks






Utensils






FlatwarePatterns






Retailers






Silversmiths



 


Contact Us



 


Silverplate Marks






Home






SterlingFlatwareFashions



Holmes & Edwards Patterns: 
Ame - Irv 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













The Holmes & Edwards Silver Company | queenofsienna

































































queenofsienna


Just another WordPress.com site





Skip to content

Home2 Years and 250 Sold Items:  My Experience at Etsy
About
Table Wares








← Some Turn of the Century Cocktail Strainer Patents
The Little Blue Sugar and Creamer →


The Holmes & Edwards Silver Company

Posted on July 8, 2014 by queenofsienna  

The Holmes & Edwards Silver Company was organized in 1882, with headquarters in Bridgeport, Connecticut.  The illustration below was taken from the 1893 Hurd Atlas and shows the company’s office and manufacturing facilities.
The Holmes & Edwards Silver Co. Illustration from 1893 Hurd Atlas
But the roots of Holmes & Edwards goes back to the Rogers & Brittin Silver Co. which was established in January of 1880.  Edwin Brittin, one of the founders of Rogers & Brittin, died suddenly early in 1881.  C. E. L. Holmes and George Edwards acquired Rogers & Brittin in 1892 and The Holmes & Edwards Silver Company was established in Bridgeport.  To read more about Edwin Brittin, who also founded the Derby Silver Company, please click here:
https://queenofsienna.wordpress.com/2013/07/19/edwin-brittins-squirrel/

This 1881-82 Boyd’s Business Directory of Fairfield County includes a listing for Rogers & Brittin:
1881-1882 Boyds Business Directory Fairfield County
In the 1895 Jewelers Circular article below, the “variety of wares” manufactured by the Holmes & Edwards Silver Co. is discussed.  Among those discussed, are “sterling silver inlaid” spoons and forks as well as “Gold Aluminum” ware.   To read more about the “Gold Aluminum” ware manufactured by Holmes & Edwards, please click here:
https://queenofsienna.wordpress.com/table-wares/
Jewelers Circular Article January 30, 1895, Vol. 29
Noel Turner, in his book “American Silver Flatware” discusses how Holmes & Edwards acquired the William A. Warner patent for a process which became to be known as “sterling silver inlaid”.  In part, it reads:
“….George Edwards, the president of the Holmes & Edwards Silver Company in Bridgeport, Connecticut, was reading an article in the Scientific American about a patent that had been granted to the Warner Brothers of Syracuse, New York.  The August 20, 1887, issue carried a small-type item reading:
‘The invention herewith illustrated provides a method of manufacturing plated ware in which parts most exposed to wear are filled with precious metal or alloy, as for instance, the bottom of the bowl of a spoon or the back of the handle of a fork, these being the usual points of rest from which the plating on such articles generally wears off the quickest.  In such goods, and all plated flatware of a similar kind, a recess is made at the points of rest, or places of greatest wear, and this recess in filled, in the process of manufacture, with fine or coin silver, or other metal used in plating, so that after the whole is plated, abrasions of these parts will not, as in the ordinary plated ware, expose the base metal or alloy of which the article is mainly composed.  The illustration shows the method of inserting this silver filling in a standard type of silverplated tea spoon.’
“The following morning, Mr. Edwards dispatched a trusted employee to Syracuse, and, after receiving a favorable report on the operation in the small Warner shop, arranged for the purchase of the patents rights, securing, at the same time, the services of the inventor, William Warner.  There were many technical difficulties to be overcome before the process was completely feasible for the commercial production, but by the time of the Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1892-93, the company was awarded a gold medal for the greatest improvement in plated flatware in 100 years, and the Holmes & Edwards Sterling Inlay trademark had won new acclaim in the silver trade.”
The William A. Warner patents follow:
W. A. Warner Patent No. 309,013, December 9, 1884
Patent 309,313 Specifications
And this later one:
W. A. Warner Patent No. 337,099 Dated March 2, 1886
Patent 337,099 Specifications
You will note that the following 1889 ad makes no mention of “sterling inlaid”.  The advertisement was for “Durham Silver Metal” a silver colored alloy which Holmes & Edwards manufactured.
Advertisement from 1889 Iron Age Magazine, Vol. 43
In 1890, advertising began for the “sterling silver inlaid” line:
Ad from 1890 Scribners Magazine, Vol. 7
And this 1891 ad is for Holmes & Edwards “Extra Sectional XIV Plate” which is what they were offering prior to acquiring the Warner patents.  As mentioned in the Noel Turner book, there were “many technical difficulties” in the sterling silver inlaid process, and while they were working on ironing out those difficulties, Holmes & Edwards still actively advertised their other offerings.
1891 Iron Age, Volume 48, Issue 1
By 1892, the kinks had been worked out, and serious advertising commenced on the “sterling silver inlaid” line.  This orange spoon ad was one of the first:
1892 February Ladies Home Journal Ad
To read more on orange spoons, please click on the following:
https://queenofsienna.wordpress.com/2012/08/20/the-eating-of-the-orange/
An October 1892 Holmes & Edwards ad:
October 1892 Ladies Home Journal Ad
Note that in the following 1892 ad, although “sterling silver inlaid” is prominantly featured, the other lines are also mentoned: “No. 67 Mexican Silver, No. 39 Durham Silver, Silver Metal, No. 50 Nickel Silver, H and E, and No. 24 German Silver Forks, Spoons, Etc.”
1892 Pen & Sunlight Sketches Of St. Louis
“Sterling Silver Inlaid” advertising really took off in 1893.  Notice that the following ad mentions that they are guaranteed for 25 years:
1893 Holmes & Edwards Ad
An example of 1894 advertising:
1894 Good Housekeeping, Volume 19
And the following ad states that “The Holmes & Edwards Silver Co. are the largest manufacturers of silver table flatware in the country.”  It also states that two new steamships, “St. Louis” and “St. Paul” are to be furnished with “Inlaid quality”.
January 1894 The Jewelers Circular & Horological Review
In 1894, there was considerable advertising of “sterling silver inlaid” even in cookbooks:
1894 King’s Highway Cookbook
An example of a Holmes & Edwards 1894 Christmas ad:
1894 The Review of Reviews Vol. 101
An example of 1895 advertising:
February 1895 New Outlook Vol. 51
This June 1895 ad mentions “sterling silver inlaid” but it also mentions “XIV” or “Extra Sectional” quality plate:
June 1895 New Outlook, Vol 51
What is interesting about this 1896 Holmes & Edwards ad is that it doesn’t mention “sterling silver inlaid” or any other of its lines.  It doesn’t even mention patterns (although the pattern shown is “Rialto”).  It features a bouillon spoon and offers a booklet about spoons and forks:
1896 McClure’s
In 1898, The Holmes & Edwards Silver Company became one the companies that composed the newly formed International Silver Company.
 

Advertisements




 


Share this:Click to email (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading...

Related
 

												This entry was posted in Derby Silver Co, Durham Silver Metal, E L Brittin, Edwin Brittin, gold aluminum, holmes & edwards, orange spoon, Rogers & Brittin, sterling silver inlaid and tagged Derby Silver Co, Durham Silvr Metal, Edwin Brittin, gold aluminum, holmes & edwards, Rogers & Brittin, sterling silvr inlaid, W A Warner, William Warner. Bookmark the permalink.											


← Some Turn of the Century Cocktail Strainer Patents
The Little Blue Sugar and Creamer →


32 Responses to The Holmes & Edwards Silver Company




 KerryCan says: 

				July 9, 2014 at 10:53 am 
I never knew of this manufacturing technique! 


Reply 





 Mildred Brady Venitucci says: 

				August 13, 2014 at 7:51 pm 
Holmes & Edwards inlaid silver, in silverplate, is of enduring quality and beauty. Their 1910 Washington pattern is becoming more increasingly difficult to find.  It is a classic, in my humble opinion.  I don’t know if it was named for the man or the city, but bears the structure, beauty, and dignity of both.


Reply 





 joymaples says: 

				July 7, 2017 at 10:16 pm 
I just got a whole set of Washington from the Goodwill. I am so excited. Just reading about it.


Reply 







 janet w says: 

				May 15, 2015 at 1:36 am 
My aunt just left me an entire set of Holmes and Edwards Youth pattern 1940 – I’m so happy to have it and to read about it -thank you


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				May 15, 2015 at 12:11 pm 
You are very welcome…thank you!


Reply 







 Priscilla Gimple says: 

				August 16, 2015 at 7:39 pm 
when did the IS appear on Homes & Edwards silverware patterns. Am trying to identify and date my set.


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				August 16, 2015 at 9:33 pm 
Holmes & Edwards was one of the original companies that joined together in 1898 to form International Silver, so the IS mark appeared no earlier than 1898.  If your pattern predates 1898 (see sterlingflatwarefashions.com for a good pattern search), that IS mark could still appear so it is difficult to date when a particular piece was made.


Reply 







 John Valadez says: 

				September 29, 2015 at 9:52 pm 
Hi is it possible to date a piece or pattern from a picture?


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				September 29, 2015 at 11:32 pm 
All I can do is try…my email address is queenofsienna@gmail.com.


Reply 







 Louise Avellino says: 

				January 11, 2016 at 3:35 pm 
I have the Holmes and Edwards flatware purchased 1950 in the Romance pattern. Wondering its worth.  Thank you


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				January 11, 2016 at 5:37 pm 
Hi, Louise.   I would suggest you click on this link to Replacements, Ltd.  They have a good inventory of the Romance pattern and you can see how they price it: http://www.replacements.com/webquote/INSROM.htm Hope this helps, Susan


Reply 







 Susan says: 

				June 22, 2016 at 3:57 am 
Thank you for this wonderful article!  And all the old-timey ads.  I wonder how you found them. I’m researching a set of silverware I purchased recently—the YOUTH pattern.  I renamed it for myself “IN MY YOUTH” because I have always wanted a set of real silverware—-even if it is silver plate, ever since I was young and purchased a set on sale at Macy’s.  That was over 40 years ago and my husband immediately made me take it back.  So I finally got my silverware that I have wanted ever since I was in my youth. When I bought it on ebay I had no idea of the pattern name and it took awhile to figure that out. Now I’m all enamored with this company and the Sterling Silver Inlay!


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				June 22, 2016 at 9:57 am 
I am delighted you finally got your silverware! Thank you for your comments.


Reply 





 Katherine Hayward says: 

				September 8, 2016 at 7:51 pm 
Susan… I recently acquired a waiter’s coffee/tea set in the Youth pattern that I will be putting up for sale. Would you be interested in it?


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				September 8, 2016 at 7:58 pm 
Thank you for asking but I’m trying to downsize and am not in the market to buy. Best wishes.












 Sharon says: 

				July 12, 2016 at 7:51 pm 
Wow! You provide a LOT of details!  I have my beloved grandmother’s almost full set of, I think, “Lovely Lady”, with the original storage box.  I can’t toss it, but I don’t need it!  What do I do?  (And – my grandmother was so poor, during the Depression in Chicago, I cannot figure out how she got a set of these – maybe a gift?  (Any idea how much this was in the ’30’s?)  Thank you!


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				July 12, 2016 at 8:30 pm 
Sharon, in Davis & Deibel’s book “Silver Plated Flatware Patterns, they show a November 1939 ad from the Woman’s Home Companion magazine and Lovely Lady is one of the featured patterns. They offer a 60 piece service for eight at $59.75 in the ad.
I hope you can find a good home for your set…I’m sure there is someone who will treasure it and use it!


Reply 







 Traci Williams says: 

				October 22, 2016 at 4:41 am 
how do you find how much it is worth


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				October 22, 2016 at 10:14 am 
You could look at the completed items of your pattern on eBay which would tell you how much of your pattern is out there, how much interest is in it and what the going price is. You could also look at Replacements.com. Holmes & Edwards patterns would be found under International Silver.


Reply 







 Bobbie Jo DeBellefeuille says: 

				March 19, 2017 at 4:50 pm 
Hello Ma’am,
    I have several Holmes & Edwards’ spoons and am trying to identify a certain one with a shape I have not seen even in their old catalogs. I did find out its a NAPOLEON. However they do not have a 925 or any other such marking stating that they are silver and in my research before 1906 that wasn’t really unusual but my question is what was this spoon used for? A sugar spoon or a berry spoon or maybe a dessert spoon? It has a long slender handle that is 6″ long. The bottom of the handle has an arrow design on it that is facing the top(mouth) of the spoon.  The mouth of the spoon is not round or oval. I can only describe it as square with round corners. Any info you may have may be helpful. Thanks for your time.  My email is bobbiejoandjerry@gmail.com


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				March 19, 2017 at 6:35 pm 
Hi, I just sent you an email with an attachment.


Reply 





 Mildred Brady Venitucci says: 

				March 19, 2017 at 9:29 pm 
Bobbie Jo, You may have a “citrus spoon” or “grapefruit spoon”  — I am wondering if the outside lower edges roll up to almost a point?  I have a set of these, and treasure them.  I may be wrong, but I think Holmes & Edwards made only silverplate.  They also bought the patent (I am thinking off the top of my 83-year old head here) from the first man to develop the process.  During the Great Depression, when I was raised, women would get silverplate and other goodies in boxes of soap.
That is also when Depression Glass came into vogue.  Speaking of that, I have a set of 20 place settings of Holmes & Edwards “Century” silverplate with the Viande or Grill Forks.  Most of what I know about this company I found right here on this wonderful woman’s site!!!


Reply 







 Garrett D. Anderson says: 

				March 19, 2017 at 10:22 pm 
I HAVE THE LAST SPOON FROM MY FAMILY’S SILVERWARE SET WITH THE ENGLISH LETTER “A” FOR ANDERSON. PROBABLY BOUGHT IN THE EARLY 40’S TO EARLY 50″S?


Reply 





 Sandra Winters says: 

				March 26, 2017 at 3:09 am 
I have a set of Lovely Lady 1937 that was my mothers. It is in a wooden box marked 500 on the bottom. The inside of the box is lined with blue felt/fabric.  There is a sticker on the inside of the box bottom that says ‘Tarnish resistant”.  Do you know when this might have been manufactured?
Was Lovely Lady manufactured for several years? or just in 1937?


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				March 26, 2017 at 10:23 am 
Hello. I believe Lovely Lady was manufactured from 1937 to 1959 at which time it was discontinued. The box most likely was made during this same period of time.


Reply 







 Pam says: 

				May 12, 2017 at 8:29 pm 
I just purchase a set of Holmes & Edwards super plate – inlaid utensils at a fundraiser household sale.  The pattern appears to be the century pattern and a number of the large spoons have a C on the handle.   The first thing I did when I got home was to throw them in the dishwasher.  I’ve been told that I shouldn’t do this as they would become badly pitted if they are silver.  Any idea if these are in fact silver and should I look to only hand wash these?


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				May 13, 2017 at 8:13 am 
Your Century pattern utensils are silver plated. It is recommended by professionals that sterling and silverplate items be hand washed as the dishwasher could damage and leave spotting and discoloration on Silverplate.


Reply 







 Nita Leosh says: 

				June 24, 2017 at 8:55 pm 
So happy I found this site.  I have a lovely souvenir spoon marked Holmes & Edwards XIV in a frame and another small frame containing what could be an IS.  On the resting point of the bowl of the spoon is an embossed flower and leaves.  The spoon is made on a De Sancy-Roseland pattern. In the bowl of the spoon are the words ST. THOMAS (as in the Virgin Island).  Can you help me with more information? I have searched for another souvenir spoon like it and can find nothing.


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				June 25, 2017 at 7:04 pm 
Hello. I cannot find another one like it either! The pattern (De Sandy/ Roseland) was designed  by  Thomas B Lashar and patented in 1915. The “IS” stands for International Silver. But that is all I can tell you!
Retailers sometimes engraved spoons with the location to turn them into souvenir spoons and most likely this explains your spoon.


Reply 





 Nita Leosh says: 

				July 8, 2017 at 1:08 am 
Thank you so much for taking the time to respond and provide the information that you did.  I know more than I did before and that is very good!












 Chris Andrews says: 

				July 18, 2017 at 4:25 pm 
What is SUPER PLATE?


Reply 





 queenofsienna says: 

				July 18, 2017 at 4:52 pm 
From a 1920s Holmes & Edwards ad for Super Plate “the wear points are protected by an extra heavy deposit of pure silver”.


Reply 






Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:





























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email.
 



 









Search for:



  Recent Posts 

James Pooley’s Julep Strainer for J. Baum


H. C. Reed Jr. & Co.


Name That Pattern!


W.B.1900


Trenton Aesthetics


 Archives 
June 2017
April 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
July 2016
June 2016
April 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
March 2015
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
January 2012
June 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
February 2011

Categories 
1846 Rogers

1847 Rogers

1847 Rogers Bros.

348

348 tin car

A Dose of Alchemy Etsy

A F & Co.

A. S. Burbank

AAPA

Aarne-Thompson

adoseofalchemy

advertising

aesthetic

aesthetic period egg cup

Afghan Silver

African slave

Akron Cereal Company

Akron Milling Company

Akron Ohio History

Alden strainer

Alfred David Lenz

Alfred Stevens Burbank

all seeing eye

all-over transfer print

Almer Hall

Almer I. Hall

Almer Ives Hall

Alpine

Alpine pattern

aluminum bronze

Alvin Mfg

American Airlines Flagship Silverplate

American Cereal Company

American Fern Society

Ames Mfg.

Amsterdan NY

amulet

Anchor Rogers

andy gump

Angelo / Saratoga

Angelo aka Saratoga

Angelo pattern

Angelo/Saratoga

Ann Augusta Barnum

antique

antique barware

antiques

Argonid

Armsmear

Art Silver Co.

Art Silver Company

Asa Rogers

Ashmead Colt House

Ashmead Hurlburt

Assyrian

Assyrian Head

Asylum Hill

asymetrical collage

Aurora

Austin F. Jackson

Avon Products

balangandan

Baltimore Maryland MD

bar

bar spoon

bar spoon egg spoon

bar strainer

bar tool

bar ware

Barnum geneology

bartender

barware

bears

Belmont pattern

Benedict & Burnham

Bernheim Distillers

Bijou pattern

Biltmore

Black & Company

blue souvenir china

boardman house

bon bon basket

bon bon tongs

bonbon tongs

Brazilian slavery

Breton

Brett Litho

Bridgeport CT

Bridgeport Silver Co.

Britanniaville

British kite mark

British registration mark

British Silver

bronze ware

Brooklyn NY

Brown & Bros.

Brown and Brothers

Brownfield & Son

Brownhills Pottery

Brunswick pattern

Burgess & Leigh

Burroughs & Mountford

C. B. Yale

C. J. Hauck & Son

C. Rogers

Cafe de l'Opera

California Fruit Growers Exchange

California Perfume Company

Canadian silverplate

Canopy

carnival

cat and fiddle

Charles E. Barton

Charles J. Hauck

Charles Parker

Charles Pretat

Charles Yale

Chas. J. Hauck

child

child tea set

children toy tea set

children's

children's story

chintz

Civil War

Clark's Island

clothespin

clover julep strainer

cocktail

cocktail pick

cocktail shaker

cocktail strainer

cocktail strainer France

coin silver julep strainer

collar stay

Collins Line

Colonade

Columbia

Columbian gold

Columbian silver

Conn

Conn. S. P. Co.

Conn. Silver P. Co.

copper and silver

copperware

Corinth Pattern

Corona Pattern

Cottage pattern

cow jumped over moon

Cowles Manufacturing

Cowles Mfg.

cracker jack

Crown pattern

CT

Cupid pattern

currier & ives

Curtiss

Curtisville Manufacturing

D H Mc C & Co

D S Co

D. H. McConnell

Daisy

Daniel Low

dark chocolate spicy pepita sour cherry bark

David H. McConnell

Day Taylor House

December 5 1933

Delmonico

demitasse

Dennis P. Sullivan

Depression Glass

Derby CT

Derby Silver Co

devil

devil face

dish ran away with spoon

doc yak

double cocktail strainer

doublel straining

Doulton Burslem

Downing's Oyster Bar

Downing's Oyster House

Dudson Ebony Jetware

Dundee pattern

Durham Silver Metal

Durham Silver P. Co.

Durham Silver Plate Co.

E L Brittin

E W Sperry

E. H. Ives

E.H.H. Smith Silver Co

Eagle Brand

earliest julep strainer

Early 1900's

Early 20th Century

early spoon patents

East Granby Connecticut

East Granby CT

east haddam ct

Eastlake

Eastlake pattern

eating a boiled egg

Edward J. Hauck

Edward K. Collins

Edward Knight Collins

Edwin Brittin

Egbert Sperry

egg cup

egg spoon

Egyptian amulet

electroplating

Elizabeth Colt

Elsmore & Forster

Elsmore Staffordshire

Elton & Co.

Embossed

Emery Burslem England

England

England British cutlery

English silver

English transferware

epergne

Essex

Etsy

Etsy Experience

etsy photography

Etsy Review

Etsy treasury

etsy vintage

extraterrestrial

eye of horus

F. E. Pretat

F. H. Vogt

F. J. Emery

fairy tale

fern dish

fern planter

fern pot

fernery

flatware

Floris Ligna

Foley

for two

Francis Joseph Emery

Frank Herman Vogt

Frank J. Vogt

frank whiting

Frederick Curtis

Frederick E. Pretat

Frederick Wilson

French cocktail strainer

fruit knife

fruit spoon

G. Selden Yale

Galt

Garfield

Gebruder Noelle Germany

Gebrueder Noelle

George Gill

George H. Balch

George H. Bliss

George P. Ittig

George W. Park

ghost

giant

Girl With a Rake

glass

Glastonbury CT

gold aluminum

Goldilocks

good luck charm

Goodwin & Mead

gorham

Gothic pattern

Grape pattern

Great Western Cereal Company

Grecian pattern

Gustav Baumann

Gustave Baumann

Gustave Strohhaker

H M Kinsley

H W Hirschfeld

H. Filley & Sons

Hall Elton

Hall Elton & Co.

Harrison Cady

Harry Johnson

Hartford Connecticut

Hartford Manufacturing Co.

Hartford Mfg. Co.

Harvey Filley

haunted

Hawthorne strainer

HB&H

Henry C. Reed Jr.

Henry C. Reed Jr. & Co.

Henry G. Reed

Henry Hayden

Henry Hebberd

Henry Hirschfeld

Herbert M Kinsley

hey diddle diddle

Hiawatha

hibbard spencer bartlett

Hill Pottery

Hiram Hayden

Hiram Young

historic Hartford

Hizen

Holland House

holmes & edwards

Holmes Booth & Haydens

Hope & Carter

Huyler's Candy Chocolates Bonbons

I W Harper Whiskey

India Pattern

indoor plants

International Silver Co.

ironclad gunboat

Isaac Babbitt

Italian pattern

Ives Manufacturing Co.

Ives Mfg. Co.

J &I MP Bell

J W Boteler

J. B. Williams

J. Baum

J. M. Ney

Jack and the Beanstalk

Jack Bliss

Jack Bowman

Jacob Hall

James Baker Williams

James Pooley

Japanese Pattern

Jewel pattern

Jewelers Crown Guild

Jewelers Crown Guild

Jewell pattern

Jimmy Skunk

John Baum

john bowman

John C. Moore

John Colt

John F Seiberling

John H Johnston

John O. Mead

John S. Huyler

John Seys Huyler

Jos. Heinrichs

Joseph Fradley

Joseph Heinrichs

julab

julap

julep strainer

L. Boardman

Ladies Home Journal

lamp base

Larchmont

Larkin lilac perfume

Late 1800's

Late 19th Century

Laurel pattern

Le Roy White

Lenox pattern

LeRoy White

Lily of the Valley

Lily silverplate pattern

Lindley Strainer

little angel

little cherub

little dog laughed

Little Red Riding Hood

Living Artfully

Lois Lenski

Lorne pattern

Lotus

luther boardman

Lyonnaise

Maltby Stevens Curtiss

Maltese cross

martini

mary hotchkiss

Mary Munson

Maryland Britannia

Massachusetts

Mayflower

Mecca Oil

Medallion pattern

Memphis Tennessee

Mercer Pottery New Jersey

Meriden Britannia

metalsmith

Michael Gibney

mid century

Mid century vase

Minnie Vogt

mint julep

mixed metals

Moline

monogram M

Moore & Leding

Moss Fibre

Mosteller strainer

mother of pearl

Mothers

Mothers Oats

moustache

mustache

mustache cup

mustache drink strainer

mustache guard

mustache julep strainer

mustache protector

mustache spoon

mustache strainer

Myron H. Kinsley

nankin

napkin ring

Narcissus

Nathan Ames

Nathan P. Ames

Nathaniel Hayden

Naubuc

Nevada Gold Metal

Nevada pattern

New Albany Indiana

New York City oysters

Newport / Chicago pattern

Newport Chicago pattern

Niagara pattern

Niagara Silver Company

nickel on steel

No. 900

Noel Turner

Norman

Norse

nursery rhyme

nut bowl

nut dish

nut pick

nut scoop

nut spoon

O. C.

Ohio

oil lamp

Old Harper Whisky

Old Woman who Lived in a Shoe

Olive Pattern

olive pick

Oneida

Oneida Community

Orange Blossom design

orange spoon

ordinary observer

Oriental Pattern

oudja

ouija

Oxford Silver Plate

Oxford Silver Plate Co

oyster cellars

oyster fork

oyster plate

P. Co.

PA

Pairpoint

Parisian Granite Ironstone

Park's Floral Magazine

Park's Seeds

pattern

Paul de Longpre

Paul deLongpre

Pearl

peg nappy

pence de balangandan

Persian pattern

pewter

photogrophy

phrenology

Pilgrim

Pinder Bourne

play

play money

Plymouth Rock

Pooley & Barnum

Pooley geneology

Portland pattern

Premier Salad Dressing

premiums

Primrose

Prohibition

pteridomania

Quaker Oats

queenofsienna

R. Wallace

R. Wallace & Sons Manufacturing Co.

R.S.R.

Racine Silver Plate Co.

Rangoon

Raphael

rare Heinrichs bear

Reed & Barton

Reed & Barton

Renaissance Pattern

Repeal

repurpose

rh negative

rialto

Richard Johnson

Richmond VA

Ridgway Sparks & Ridgway

Robert Klingel

Robert Leding

Robert Southey

Roberty Southey

Rockford Silver Plate Co.

Rogers & Brittin

Rogers & Bro.

Rogers & Hamilton

Rogers Bros.

Rogers Brothers

Roman Pattern

Romanesque

Rossmore pattern

rub-a-dub-dub

Russian Pattern

Rustic

safety scissors

salt spoon

samsung

samsung stratosphere

Samuel Colt

Samuel Simpson

Saratoga patterns

satan

seashells

Seiberling Milling

Shannon Carter

shaving soap

sheet pattern

shells

sickle

Sidney Smith

silver

silver plate

silver plate manufacturer

silver plated

Silver Soldered

silverplate

silverplate designer

silverplate manufacturers

Simeon S. Rogers

Simpson Hall Miller

Siren

smartphone

Smee battery

Smith Silver Co.

so. am. silver solid

soap

south american silver solid

souvenir china

souvenir spoon

Spoonville

squirrel nut pick

squirrel nutpick

Staffordshire

Staffordshire pottery

star julep strainer

sterling

sterling demitasse

Sterling Sil Plt Co

sterling silver

sterling silver inlaid

Sterling Silver Plate Co

straight razor

sugar tongs

Sunkist

sydney smith

T. B. Lashar

T. R. Boote Yosemite egg cup

Taft Museum of Art

Taunton Massachusetts

tea party

tete a tete

The Artist

The Three Bears

Thomas Downing

Thomas Lashar

Thornton Burrows

Three Little Pigs

three men in a tub

toddy

toddy strainer

Tom Thumb

Tompkins & Black

tongs

Towle Manufacturing

toy tea set

trademark

Transfer print

transferware

Trenton NJ

Trenton Potteries

Tufts

Tuscan pattern

UK cutlery

UK flatware

Uncategorized

Union Publishing

United States Jewelers Guild

United States Mail Steamship Co.

Upson & Hart

USM Arctic

USM Pacific

USS Cairo

Vesta

Victoria Pattern

Victorian bar

Victorian plant

Viking

vintage

vintage sissors

W B W 900

W H Glenny

W.B.1900

waldo

WaldoHE

Waldorf Astoria

Wallace

Wallace Brothers

Wallingford CT

Wallis Gimson

Wallis Gimson Garfield Egg Cup

Walter Wilks

Warwick pattern

Watrous

WBW 900

Wethersfield Avenue

wheat

Whitehall Club

Whitfield Cowles

Wilcox Silver Plate Co.

Willets

Willets Pottery

William A. Jameson

William Augustus Rogers

William Brownfield

William Elton

William Gale

William Hazen Rogers

William Henry Rogers

William Holmes

William J. Hauck

William Rogers & Son

William Watrous

Williams Manufacturing

Williams Silver

Williams Soap

Windsor

Witch spoon

Wm B Durgin

Wm. A. Rogers

Wm. B. Cowles

Wm. B. Johnson

Wm. Holmes

Wm. Rogers

Wm. Rogers Mfg.

wolf

wolves

women and children first

Wright strainer

Yale Silver Co.

Yalesville CT

Yeddo

Youths Companion


Meta 
Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.com 
 




July 2014


M
T
W
T
F
S
S




« Jun
 
Aug »




 123456


78910111213


14151617181920


21222324252627


28293031
 


 












					queenofsienna				


Blog at WordPress.com.




















































Post to



Cancel







 





Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			












 
 
%d bloggers like this:










































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









nature.com searchWe use cookies to improve your experience with our site.Accept and close | More info.We are trying to improve the way search works. Let us know what you think.Skip to main contentThank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer).In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript.Nature.comsearchMenunature.com searchSearchadvancedwhere the list of authors containswhere the title containsRefine your results by…volumestart page / article no.Filters​Filter By:Article type​No filters available.Journal​Check one or more journals to show results from those journals only. Nature Biotechnology (6) Nature (3) Nature Methods (3) Scientific Reports (2) Nature Cell Biology (1)Choose more journalsSubjectCheck one or more subjects to show results from those subjects only.Date​Choose a date option to show results from those dates only. Today Last 7 days Last 30 days In the last year Last 2 years Last 5 yearsCustom date rangeSearchLoading FiltersShowing 0 resultsLoading FiltersSorry, no results were found.Please check the spelling of the keywords in your query, any filters you have applied or try a different search. Please try an advanced search for further options.Alternatively, try these pages that might help you find what you are looking for:Publications A-Z indexSubject areasAbout NPG














1849192235 - Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks Iet Power and Energy by Juan Gers; Edward J Holmes - AbeBooks













abebooks.com Passion for books.


Sign OnMy AccountBasket Help 












Search

By Keyword
By Title
By Author
By ISBN
By Publisher
By Collection


Find
Advanced Search


















              Item added to your basket
              

View basket




              Order Total (1 Item Items):
 
Shipping Destination: 


Proceed to Basket





 


View basket




Continue shopping





1849192235 - Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks Iet Power and Energy by Juan Gers; Edward J Holmes

You Searched For:

ISBN:
1849192235

Edit Your Search







Results (1 - 21) of 21







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending






Show results for
Product Type


All Product Types 


Books (21)


Magazines & Periodicals


Comics


Sheet Music


Art, Prints & Posters


Photographs


Maps


Manuscripts & Paper Collectibles



Refine by
Condition



All Conditions 


New Books (18)      


Used Books (3)      

Binding



All Bindings 

Hardcover



Softcover (17)      

Collectible Attributes


First Edition


Signed Copy


Dust Jacket


Seller-Supplied Images


Not Printed On Demand


Free Shipping



Free US Shipping (9)      

Bookseller Location


All Locations

Select a Country

Select a Country

Australia
France
Germany
Ireland

U.S.A.
United Kingdom





Bookseller Rating



All Booksellers 

and up


and up


and up



  (13)      

 



Search Within These Results:



























            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (Iet Power and Energy)

Holmes, Edward J., Gers, Juan


              Published by
              The Institution of Engineering a
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Books From California (Simi Valley, CA, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 80.08

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: The Institution of Engineering a, 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: Fine.  Bookseller Inventory # mon0001502223

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
1.



















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (Paperback)

Juan M. Gers, Edward J. Holmes


              Published by
              Institution of Engineering and Technology, United Kingdom
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: The Book Depository US (London, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 90.03

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Institution of Engineering and Technology, United Kingdom, 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: New. 3rd Revised edition. Language: English . Brand New Book. High quality electrical service is everyday more stringent in utilities and industrial facilities around the world. One of the main players to achieve this is the protection system, which has to be reliable, fast and with a good cost/benefit ratio. This book refers to most aspects of electrical protections, with emphasis on Distribution Systems. Protection of generation and transmission systems are also treated in the text. References to modern topics such as the Distributed Generation, Smart Grid and Standard IEC 61850 have been introduced. Written by two well experienced engineers who combine a comprehensive theoretical background with examples and exercises, this book will allow the reader to easily follow the ideas explored. The book will be valuable to pre and postgraduate students, design, maintenance and consulting engineers as well as instructors looking for proper references.  Bookseller Inventory # AAZ9781849192231

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
2.














            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks, 3rd Edition (Energy Engineering) (Paperback)




ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New

Quantity Available: 1

From: Speedy Hen LLC (Sunrise, FL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 90.04

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Book Condition: New. Bookseller Inventory # ST1849192235.  Bookseller Inventory # ST1849192235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
3.



















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (Paperback)

Juan M. Gers, Edward J. Holmes


              Published by
              Institution of Engineering and Technology, United Kingdom
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: The Book Depository (London, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 90.93

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Institution of Engineering and Technology, United Kingdom, 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: New. 3rd Revised edition. Language: English . Brand New Book. High quality electrical service is everyday more stringent in utilities and industrial facilities around the world. One of the main players to achieve this is the protection system, which has to be reliable, fast and with a good cost/benefit ratio. This book refers to most aspects of electrical protections, with emphasis on Distribution Systems. Protection of generation and transmission systems are also treated in the text. References to modern topics such as the Distributed Generation, Smart Grid and Standard IEC 61850 have been introduced. Written by two well experienced engineers who combine a comprehensive theoretical background with examples and exercises, this book will allow the reader to easily follow the ideas explored. The book will be valuable to pre and postgraduate students, design, maintenance and consulting engineers as well as instructors looking for proper references.  Bookseller Inventory # AAZ9781849192231

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
4.

















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks

Juan M. Gers


              Published by
              Institution of Engineering and Technology
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New

Quantity Available: 1

From: Books2Anywhere (Fairford, GLOS, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 82.69

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 11.78

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Institution of Engineering and Technology, 2011. PAP. Book Condition: New. New Book. Shipped from UK in 4 to 14 days. Established seller since 2000.  Bookseller Inventory # GB-9781849192231

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
5.

















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks

Gers, Juan M./ Holmes, Edward J.


              Published by
              Stylus Pub Llc
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New

Quantity Available: 16

From: Paperbackshop-US (Wood Dale, IL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 94.80

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Stylus Pub Llc, 2011. HRD. Book Condition: New. New Book. Shipped from US within 10 to 14 business days. Established seller since 2000.  Bookseller Inventory # T8-9781849192231

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
6.

















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (3rd Revised edition)

Juan M. Gers, Edward J. Holmes


              Published by
              Institution of Engineering and Technology


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: > 20

From: THE SAINT BOOKSTORE (Southport, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 92.81

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 9.09

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Institution of Engineering and Technology. Paperback. Book Condition: new. BRAND NEW, Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (3rd Revised edition), Juan M. Gers, Edward J. Holmes, High quality electrical service is everyday more stringent in utilities and industrial facilities around the world. One of the main players to achieve this is the protection system, which has to be reliable, fast and with a good cost/benefit ratio. This book refers to most aspects of electrical protections, with emphasis on Distribution Systems. Protection of generation and transmission systems are also treated in the text. References to modern topics such as the Distributed Generation, Smart Grid and Standard IEC 61850 have been introduced. Written by two well experienced engineers who combine a comprehensive theoretical background with examples and exercises, this book will allow the reader to easily follow the ideas explored. The book will be valuable to pre and postgraduate students, design, maintenance and consulting engineers as well as instructors looking for proper references.  Bookseller Inventory # B9781849192231

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
7.














            Stock Image
    








Protection Of Electricity Distribution Networks




ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New

Quantity Available: 1

From: BWB (Valley Stream, NY, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 107.15

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Book Condition: New. Depending on your location, this item may ship from the US or UK.  Bookseller Inventory # 97818491922310000000

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
8.


















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks

Gers, Juan


              Published by
              Institution of Engineering and Technology
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd. (Galway, Ireland)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 109.28

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From Ireland to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Institution of Engineering and Technology, 2011. Book Condition: New. 2011. 3rd Edition. Paperback. This revised and updated edition introduces references to modern topics such as Distributed Generation, Smart Grid and Standard IEC 61850. Series: Energy Engineering. Num Pages: 600 pages, Illustrations. BIC Classification: THRB; THRD. Category: (UP) Postgraduate, Research & Scholarly. Dimension: 232 x 158 x 23. Weight in Grams: 522. . . . . . .  Bookseller Inventory # V9781849192231

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
9.


















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks, 3rd Edition (Energy Engineering)

Juan M. Gers; Edward J. Holmes


              Published by
              The Institution of Engineering and Technology
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Ria Christie Collections (Uxbridge, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 105.39

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 5.06

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: The Institution of Engineering and Technology, 2011. Book Condition: New. book.  Bookseller Inventory # ria9781849192231_rkm

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
10.

















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks

Gers, Juan


              Published by
              Institution of Engineering and Technology


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Kennys Bookstore (Olney, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 111.11

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Institution of Engineering and Technology. Book Condition: New. 2011. 3rd Edition. Paperback. This revised and updated edition introduces references to modern topics such as Distributed Generation, Smart Grid and Standard IEC 61850. Series: Energy Engineering. Num Pages: 600 pages, Illustrations. BIC Classification: THRB; THRD. Category: (UP) Postgraduate, Research & Scholarly. Dimension: 232 x 158 x 23. Weight in Grams: 522. . . . . . Books ship from the US and Ireland.  Bookseller Inventory # V9781849192231

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
11.



















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (Paperback)

Juan M. Gers, Edward J. Holmes


              Published by
              Institution of Engineering and Technology, United Kingdom
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 10

From: Book Depository hard to find (London, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 113.67

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Institution of Engineering and Technology, United Kingdom, 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: New. 3rd Revised edition. Language: English . This book usually ship within 10-15 business days and we will endeavor to dispatch orders quicker than this where possible. Brand New Book. High quality electrical service is everyday more stringent in utilities and industrial facilities around the world. One of the main players to achieve this is the protection system, which has to be reliable, fast and with a good cost/benefit ratio. This book refers to most aspects of electrical protections, with emphasis on Distribution Systems. Protection of generation and transmission systems are also treated in the text. References to modern topics such as the Distributed Generation, Smart Grid and Standard IEC 61850 have been introduced. Written by two well experienced engineers who combine a comprehensive theoretical background with examples and exercises, this book will allow the reader to easily follow the ideas explored. The book will be valuable to pre and postgraduate students, design, maintenance and consulting engineers as well as instructors looking for proper references.  Bookseller Inventory # BTE9781849192231

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
12.



















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks, 3rd Edition (Iet Power and Energy)

Juan Gers


              Published by
              The Institution of Engineering and Technology
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Ergodebooks (RICHMOND, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 115.87

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: The Institution of Engineering and Technology, 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: New. 3.  Bookseller Inventory # DADAX1849192235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
13.


















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (Iet Power and Energy)

Juan Gers; Edward J. Holmes


              Published by
              The Institution of Engineering and Technology
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Irish Booksellers (Rumford, ME, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 124.70

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: The Institution of Engineering and Technology, 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: New. book.  Bookseller Inventory # 1849192235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
14.


















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks

Gers, Juan


              Published by
              Inst of Engineering & Technology
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Revaluation Books (Exeter, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 122.61

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 7.85

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Inst of Engineering & Technology, 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: Brand New. 3rd edition. 400 pages. 9.06x6.14x0.94 inches. In Stock.  Bookseller Inventory # zk1849192235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
15.


















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (Energy Engineering)

Juan M. Gers; Edward J. Holmes


              Published by
              Energy Engineering
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: European-Media-Service Mannheim (Mannheim, Germany)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 125.90

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.66

      From Germany to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Energy Engineering, 2011. Book Condition: New.  Bookseller Inventory # GH9781849192231

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
16.


















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (Iet Power and Energy)

Gers, Juan, Holmes, Edward J.


              Published by
              The Institution of Engineering
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 2

From: Murray Media (North Miami Beach, FL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 136.14

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 2.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: The Institution of Engineering, 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: Very Good.  Bookseller Inventory # P021849192235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
17.


















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (Iet Power and Energy)

Gers, Juan, Holmes, Edward J.


              Published by
              The Institution of Engineering
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 2

From: Murray Media (North Miami Beach, FL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 141.87

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 2.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: The Institution of Engineering, 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: New. Never used!.  Bookseller Inventory # P111849192235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
18.


















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (Paperback)

Juan M. Gers


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: AussieBookSeller (SILVERWATER, NSW, Australia)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 108.03

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 37.00

      From Australia to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: New. 3rd. Paperback. High quality electrical service is everyday more stringent in utilities and industrial facilities around the world. One of the main players to achieve this is the protection s.Shipping may be from our Sydney, NSW warehouse or from our UK or US warehouse, depending on stock availability. 600 pages. 0.570.  Bookseller Inventory # 9781849192231

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
19.



















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks

Edward J. Holmes; Juan M. Gers


              Published by
              Institution of Engineering and Technology
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



New
Couverture souple

Quantity Available: 1

From: librairie-ecosphere.com (MARNE LA VALLEE CEDEX, France)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 137.23

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 35.08

      From France to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Institution of Engineering and Technology, 2011. Couverture souple. Book Condition: Neuf. 3ème Édition.  Bookseller Inventory # ABE-18212309476

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
20.



















            Stock Image
    








Protection of Electricity Distribution Networks (Iet Power and Energy)

Juan Gers


              Published by
              The Institution of Engineering and Technology
(2011)


ISBN 10: 1849192235
ISBN 13: 9781849192231



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Books Express (Portsmouth, NH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 230.87

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: The Institution of Engineering and Technology, 2011. Paperback. Book Condition: Good. 3. Ships with Tracking Number! INTERNATIONAL WORLDWIDE Shipping available. May not contain Access Codes or Supplements. Buy with confidence, excellent customer service!.  Bookseller Inventory # 1849192235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
21.



 
 


Results (1 - 21) of 21







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending







Create a Want
Tell us what you're looking for and once a match is found, we'll inform you by e-mail.
Create a Want


BookSleuth
Can't remember the title or the author of a book? Our BookSleuth is specially designed for you.
Visit BookSleuth


Help with Search
Search Tips 
Glossary of Terms 
Set your own Search Preferences





Mobile View:
 Available
Not Available
×






















American sterling silver  marks: marks and hallmarks of US makers: Hi-Hz






  







AMERICAN STERLING SILVER MARKSMARKS AND HALLMARKS OF USA AND CANADA MANUFACTURERS OF SILVER HOLLOWWARE, FLATWARE AND JEWELRY







created 	by Giorgio B. owner of
www.silvercollection.it ©  -  HOME





This is a page of A Small Collection of Antique Silver and Objects of vertu, 
a 1000 pages richly illustrated website offering all you need to know about 
antique silver, sterling silver, silverplate, sheffield plate, electroplate silver,
silverware, flatware, tea services and tea complements, marks and hallmarks, articles,
books, auction catalogs, famous silversmiths (Tiffany, Gorham, Jensen, Elkington),
history, oddities ...
SITE MAP     -     HOME PAGE


click on +1 button of google if you like silvercollection.it





AMERICAN STERLING SILVER HALLMARKS - ALPHABETICAL LISTING OF MAKERS:- Hi - Hz -




AMERICAN STERLING SILVER MARKS
Aa / Am     
An / Az     
Ba / Bh     
Bi / Bz     
Ca / Cn     
Co / Cz     
Da / Dt     
Du / Dz     
E     
Fa / Fn     
Fo / Fz     
Ga / Gh     
Gi / Gz     
Ha / Hh     
Hi / Hz     
I-J     
K     
La / Lh     
Li / Lz     
M     
N     
O     
P - Q     
Ra / Rn     
Ro / Rz     
Sa / Sh     
Si / Sz     
T - U - V     
Wa / WG     
Wh / Wz     
X - Y - Z     

 


LITERAL MARKS        
A - B - C - D - E     
F - G - H - I - J - K - L     
M - N - O - P - Q - R - S     
T - U - V - W - X - Y - Z     




FIGURAL MARKS        
anchors, arrows, bells      
birds, candelabra, crosses, crowns     
fantastical entities, horses      
human figures, lions     
plants and vegetables, stars      
swords axes   
blades, windmills, others




AMERICAN SILVERSMITHS        
GORHAM     
HOLMES & EDWARDS   
INTERNATIONAL SILVER CO     
KIRK STIEFF     
MERIDEN BRITANNIA CO     
REED & BARTON     
ROGERS     
TIFFANY & CO     
TOWLE     
WALLACE




FLATWARE PATTERNS        
GORHAM     
HOLMES & EDWARDS    
INTERNATIONAL SILVER CO     
KIRK STIEFF CORPORATION     
ONEIDA SILVERSMITHS     
REED & BARTON     
1847 ROGERS BROS     
TOWLE MFG CO     
WALLACE SILVERSMITHS INC.     



Marks and information in AMERICAN SILVERPLATE section
HIBBARD, SPENCER, BARTLETT & CO
 
 
HICKOK-MATTHEWS COMPANY - Newark, NJFormed in the 1930s by the merger of Eleder-Hickok Company and the Matthews Company.
 
A. HIMMELS SILVERWARE MANUFACTURY - New Orleans, LAIn the 1850s Adolphe Himmel (died 1877) was the supplier of silverware to the retail firm Hyde & Goodrich
 
HIPP & COBURN CO - Chicago, IL
 
 
 
M. FRED HIRSCH CO INC - Jersey City, NJActive 1920-1945 c.





 
 
HIRSCH & OPPENHEIMER - Chicago, ILActive c. 1904-1922
 
 
JULIUS HOLLISTER - Oswego, NYFounded by Julius Hollister in 1846.  Out of business in 1905







 
further marks in AMERICAN SILVERPLATE section
HOLMES & EDWARDS SILVER CO - Bridgeport, CTStarted in 1882. Taken over by International Silver Company in 1898
HOLMES & EDWARDS: HISTORY, MARKS, OLD ADVERTISEMENTS 
Marks and information in AMERICAN SILVERPLATE section
HOLMES & TUTTLE MFG. CO, 
Marks and information in AMERICAN SILVERPLATE section
HOLMES, BOOTH & HAYDENS
Marks and information in AMERICAN SILVERPLATE section
HOMAN MANUFACTURING  COMPANY
 
further marks in AMERICAN SILVERPLATE section
HOME DECORETORS INC. - Newark, NYActive 1940s/1950s
Marks and information in AMERICAN SILVERPLATE section
HOPEWELL SILVER COMPANY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HOTCHKISS & SCHREUDER - Syracuse, NYFounded in 1857 as Hotchkiss & Schreuder by David Hotchkiss and Andrew B. Schreuder. The business became A.B Schreuber in 1871, Syracuse Silver Manufacturing Co in 1895, Lesser & Rheinauer in 1897 and was closed in 1898 






 
 
HOWARD &AMP; CO - New YorkEstablished in 1866. Out of business about 1922






 
HOWARD STERLING CO. - Providence, RI Founded in 1878 as Howard & Co, became Howard & Scherrieble from 1879 to 1884 when the name changed to  Howard & Son. In 1891 the firm changed to its final name Howard Sterling  Co until c. 1901 when it went out of business.
Marks and information in AMERICAN SILVERPLATE section
J.B. HUDSON
 
WALTER HUNOLD - Providence, RIActive 1903-1925. For a short period Nussbaum & Hunold (c.1920)
 
J.H. HUTCHINSON & CO - Portsmouth, NHActive in early 1900s
 
HYDE & GOODRICH - New Orleans, LAFounded in the first quarter of the 19th century by James N. Hyde and C.W. Goodrich. The firm acted primarily as retailer and went out of business in 1866. It was succeeded by Thomas Griswold & Co  









AMERICAN SILVER PLATE AND  ELECTROPLATED SILVER - ALPHABETICAL LISTING OF MAKERS

 


AMERICAN SILVERPLATE MARKS
Aa / Al     
Am / Az     
Ba / Bh     
Bi / Bz     
C     
D     
E     
F     
G     
H     
I     
J     
K     
L     
Ma / Mh     
Mi / Mz     
N     
O     
P     
Q     
Ra / Rn     
Ro / Rz     
Sa / Sl     
Sm / Sz     
T     
U     
V     
Wa / Wd     
We / Wz     
X     
Y     
Z     

 


SILVER MANUFACTURERS: MARKS, HISTORY AND INFORMATION
 




    
    
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
    
   
   
   
Fabergé   
Gorham   
International Silver Co   
Georg Jensen   
Kirk Stieff   
Meriden Britannia   
Reed & Barton    
Rogers   
Tiffany & Co   
Towle   
Wallace    
Wiener Werkstatte   
WMF              







           SILVER HALLMARKS DIRECTORY:
Main Page
Australia
Austria
Canada
Cape Colony
Channel Islands
Continental (Silver plate)
England (town)
Famous makers
France
Germany
Hanau
Ireland
Italy
Mexico
Old Sheffield plate
Russia
Scotland
Scotland (Provincial)
UK (Silver plate)
UK makers (sterling)
USA (Silver plate)
USA (sterling)

 




						This is a page of A Small Collection of Antique 
						Silver and Objects of vertu, a 1000 pages richly 
						illustrated website offering all you need to know about 
						antique silver, sterling silver, silverplate, sheffield 
						plate, electroplate silver, silverware, flatware, tea 
						services and tea complements, marks and hallmarks, 
						articles, books, auction catalogs, famous silversmiths 
						(Tiffany, Gorham, Jensen, Elkington, WMF, Reed & Barton, 
						Mappin & Webb, Bateman Family), history, oddities ...
						SITE MAP     
						SILVER DICTIONARY
                COOKIES CONSENT AND PRIVACY








www.silvercollection.it
								




HOME - 
SILVER DICTIONARY - 
HALLMARKS (STERLING) - 
MARKS (SILVERPLATE) - 
SILVERSMITHS  - 
ARTICLES - 
 MY COLLECTION - 
 SITE MAP 


work in progress on this page - your help, 
							corrections and suggestions will be greatly 
							appreciated








