

	FOOTLOGIC Trademark of HOLMES, GEORGE B., JR.. Serial Number: 74663771 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Medical Instrument Products
FOOTLOGIC










 
Get FREE email alerts













FOOTLOGIC  Trademark Information
 HOLMES, GEORGE B., JR.




Perfect for these industries

Medical Instrument Products





Words that describe this mark
foot   orthotic   pedorthotic   appliances      arch   supports      toe   separators      toe   support   devices      heel   supports      shoe   liners    
                                    




This is a brand page for the FOOTLOGIC trademark by HOLMES, GEORGE B., JR. 
                                in Naperville, , 60540.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this FOOTLOGIC trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner HOLMES, GEORGE B., JR. of the FOOTLOGIC trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the FOOTLOGIC trademark.
                           






On Thursday, April 20, 1995,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        FOOTLOGIC by 
                        HOLMES, GEORGE B., JR., Naperville 60540.
                        The USPTO has given the FOOTLOGIC 
                        trademark serial  number of  74663771.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for FOOTLOGIC is 
                        
                        
                                            GEORGE B. HOLMES, JR. of 
                                            LIPTON & STAPLER,  201 North Jackson Street, Post Office Box 934 Media, PA  19063-0934
                                .
                            The FOOTLOGIC trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Medical Instrument Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for FOOTLOGIC 
                            is foot orthotic and pedorthotic appliances, namely arch supports, toe separators, toe support devices, heel supports, and shoe liners. 
                            





Word mark:
 FOOTLOGIC


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

5/6/1999






  Serial Number:  
74663771


  Filing Date:  
4/20/1995


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
foot orthotic and pedorthotic appliances, namely arch supports, toe separators, toe support devices, heel supports, and shoe liners


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/13/1996


Last Applicant/Owner:

HOLMES, GEORGE B., JR.Naperville 60540
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


GEORGE B. HOLMES, JR.
LIPTON & STAPLER
201 North Jackson Street
Post Office Box 934
Media, PA  19063-0934





 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (010) - Surgical, medical, dental, and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes, and teeth; orthopedic articles; suture materials.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your FOOTLOGIC trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/6/1999
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



GEORGE B. HOLMES, JR.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of FOOTLOGIC trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search footlogic on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for FOOTLOGIC 




FOOTLOGIC is providing foot orthotic and pedorthotic appliances, namely arch supports, toe separators, toe support devices, heel supports, and shoe liners.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















George B Holmes - Braxton, MS | Intelius



























Sign In



We found George B Holmes in Braxton, MS


George B Holmes

                                                                           Intelius found that George B Holmes  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Braxton, MS.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Brian  Holmes
George A Holmes


Get Report Now

Age

George B Holmes is in his 30s

George Has Lived In

Braxton, MS
Mendenhall, MS
D Lo, MS

George's Relatives

Pamela Holmes
Leslie Holmes
Wilmetta Holmes







George B Holmes



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about George? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about George, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on George B Holmes
Get a Criminal Check on George B Holmes
Get a Public Record Report on George B Holmes
Get a People Search Report on George B Holmes


George B Holmes's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where George B Holmes has lived as well as George B Holmes's phone numbers and email addresses.




George B Holmes Has Lived in 1 States
Mississippi Address for George B Holmes


1 1** 

Braxton, MS


Has Lived In

Braxton, MS
Mendenhall, MS


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with George B Holmes

(601) ***-**** - Braxton, MS 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with George B Holmes

j*******z@***.com
d********d@***.com


Get Email Report




George B Holmes's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for George B Holmes


George B Holmes's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of George B Holmes's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
George Holmes
Username Matches

                  GeorgeHolmes
                  HolmesGeorge
                  George.Holmes
                  Holmes.George
                  George_Holmes
                  Holmes_George
                  George-Holmes
                  Holmes-George
                  GHolmes
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Holmes







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




































George B. Holmes, M.D. | Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush
































      Skip to main content
    































 Search




 Menu



Search








 














 Return to Results
George B. Holmes, M.D.
Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush


 



Foot and Ankle



Associate Professor, Director, Section of Foot and Ankle, Rush University Medical Center, Foot and Ankle Fellowship Director

Appointments



























Biography
Ratings



Biography
In 2013, Dr. George B. Holmes, Jr. was appointed Associate Professor, Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois. He has been the Director of the Orthopedic Foot and Ankle Section at Rush since 1992 and is also the Foot & Ankle Fellowship Director at Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush. Dr. Holmes has also been on the Editorial Board of Foot & Ankle International since 1989 and has spoken before numerous local, national and international audiences. 
Originally from Washington, D.C., where he graduated from St. John's College High School, Dr. Holmes received his bachelor's degree from Yale College in New Haven, Connecticut. He also lettered in varsity football during his tenure at Yale. He went on to complete his medical degree from the Yale University School of Medicine. Following his orthopedic residency at the Harvard Combined Orthopaedic Residency he completed a Sports Medicine Fellowship at Boston's Children's Hospital Medical Center and a fellowship in Foot and Ankle Surgery in Oakland, California, under the direction of Roger Mann, M.D. 
Prior to joining the orthopedic service at Rush in 1992, Dr. Holmes served as the Director of Foot and Ankle at the University of California at Davis and Chief of Orthopaedics at Jefferson Park Hospital in Philadelphia. He has been a medical consultant to the N.B.A. Sacramento Kings, the Joffrey Ballet, the Alvin Ailey Dancers, Philadanco, the Boston Ballet, the Boston Marathon and Mrs. T's Triathlon.

Dr. George Holmes was voted among the top 10-15% of Top Doctors in America® by U.S.News & World Report and Castle Connolly. The Top Doctors list is widely regarded as a high-quality reference guide to the medical profession.
Curriculum Vitae

Practice Emphasis
Foot and Ankle Surgery
Disclosures
AAOS Record of Disclosure
Clinical Support Staff
Carla Candos (AA)
Brittany Smith (PA)
Education / Certifications


Medical School
Yale University School of Medicine


Residency
Columbia Presbyterian Hospital, New York, NY - General Surgery Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA - Harvard Combined Orthopaedic Residency


Fellowship
Boston Children's Hospital, Boston, MA-Sports Medicine Merritt Hospital, Oakland, CA - Foot and Ankle Surgery


Board Certification
Orthopaedic Surgery Medical Examiner






Patient responses are scored and represented on a 1-to-5 star scale, where 5 stars is a perfect score.









Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush (MOR) is committed to better understanding what patients think of our care, to help us continually improve the quality of our care.
MOR patients receive surveys via email to complete after certain types of office visits. Our survey is administered by an independent third party, Universal Research Solutions, LLC. This data encompasses patient feedback for physicians from the past year (where available).
The response options for the questions, except where otherwise indicated, are:Yes, DefinitelyYes, SomewhatNo








Hospital / Surgical Locations



Rush SurgiCenter, LP
1725 W. Harrison Street, Suite 556
Chicago, IL 60612




Naperville Center For Surgery
475 E. Diehl Road
Naperville, IL 60563




Rush University Medical Center
1653 W. Congress Parkway
Chicago, IL 60612






Physician Office Locations



Orthopedic Building at Rush University Medical Center
1611 West Harrison Street
Chicago, Illinois 60612




Prairie Medical Center of Westchester
2450 S. Wolf Road
Westchester, IL 60154




Rush Oak Park Hospital - Medical Office Building
610 South Maple Avenue, Suite 1550
Oak Park, Illinois 60304




Central DuPage Hospital - Outpatient Services
Outpatient Services Building
Suite 505
25 North Winfield Road
Winfield, Illinois 60190













Make Appointment

Schedule Online
OR
877-MD-BONES




 
 
 














In the Spotlight





 



News
Achilles Tendon Injuries Happening at High Rate

            This Pennsylvania TV segment explores the high rate of Achilles tendon injuries today and provides information about who typically sustains these injuries. 
      
Read More





 



Patient story
MOR Physicians Help Patient Get Back to Active Lifestyle

            Rob Satek, 46, a resident of Michigan and Florida, refers to himself as a ‘hard sell’ when it comes to doctors.
      
Read More





 



Patient story
Chicago recreational basketball player recovers after Achilles rupture

            Ganesh Sundaram suffered an achilles tendon injury playing basketball, but Dr. Simon Lee helped him get back to his active lifestyle.
      
Read More






Load More




View All
























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











HOLMES GEORGE B CAROL C - SEBASTIAN, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



SEBASTIAN



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            HOLMES GEORGE B CAROL C
                                    



 





















H 


HOLMES GEORGE B CAROL C
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



202 DEGAN PL SEBASTIAN, FL 32958
Get Directions



(772) 589-8565





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Holmes George B Jr Ofc in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomePhiladelphia, PAHolmes George B Jr OfcPhiladelphia, PA Holmes George B Jr OfcAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. George B Holmes Jr MD111 S 11th StPhiladelphia, PA 19107(215) 955-6688Physicians & SurgeonsSponsored LinksShowing1-1
of 1resultsMap ViewSponsoredDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Curbside Consultation of the Foot and Ankle:  George B. Holmes, Jr., M.D. and Simon Lee and Robert B. Anderson, M.D.: Trade Paperback: 9781556429392: Powell's Books
































































 




Cart |




 



	|  my account  |  wish list  |  help   |  800-878-7323




 


Hello,
        

        |
        Login




 













All Books
New
Used






advanced















MENU


Browse
New Arrivals
Bestsellers
Award Winners
Signed Preorders
Signed Editions
Digital Audio Books
Daily Dose
Newsletters
See All Subjects


Used
Staff Picks
Staff Picks
Best Books of 2017 So Far
Staff Top Fives 2016
Picks of the Month
Boox
Indiespensable
25 Global Books to Read Before You Die
25 Women to Read Before You Die
25 Books to Read Before You Die


Gifts + Gift Cards
Gift Cards & eGift Cards
Powell's Souvenirs
Journals & Notebooks
Games
Socks


Sell Books
Sell Books Online
Sell Books in Our Stores


Blog
Events
Find A Store







 
 

















Don't Miss


Vacation Education Sale
Poets of Instagram
Summer Reading B2G1 Free
Best Books of 2017 So Far
BOOX, Volume 3
Indiespensable, Vol. 68: 
    Claire Messud
Powell's Souvenirs
Libro.fm Audiobooks
Powell's Picks of the Month







Visit Our Stores
 

















                Jenny Zhang:
                Powell's Q&A: Jenny Zhang, Author of 'Sour Heart'
            (0 comment)
        

Sour Heart is a collection of seven linked short stories narrated by young Chinese-American girls living in New York City in the 90s...they are stories about growing up, and the pleasures and agonies of having a family, a body, and a home...
Read More» 



                        Tom Perrotta:
                        
                            Tom Perrotta's Playlist for 'Mrs. Fletcher'
                        (0 comment)
                    

                        Nate Dern:
                        
                            Powell's Q&A: Nate Dern, Author of 'Not Quite a Genius'
                        (0 comment)
                    













			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
















 
 







 Curbside Consultation of the Foot and Ankle: 49 Clinical Questions 
  by Holmes, George B.



   



  Comment on this title and you could win!  
Synopses & Reviews

 ISBN13: 9781556429392 
ISBN10: 1556429398 
 
 

All Product Details 





View Larger ImageView Larger Images




$113.95


New  Trade Paperback





Ships in 1 to 3 days













QtyStore2Remote Warehouse






Synopses & ReviewsPublisher CommentsAre you looking for concise, practical answers to those questions that are often left unanswered by traditional foot and ankle references? Are you seeking brief, evidence-based advice for complicated cases or controversial decisions? Curbside Consultation of the Foot and Ankle: 49 Clinical Questions provides quick answers to the tricky questions most commonly posed during a “curbside consultation” between orthopedic surgeons.Drs. George B. Holmes, Jr. and Simon Lee have designed this unique reference which offers expert advice, preferences, and opinions on tough clinical questions commonly associated with the foot and ankle. The unique Q&A format provides quick access to current information related to the foot and ankle with the simplicity of a conversation between two colleagues. Numerous images, diagrams, and references allow readers to browse large amounts of information in an expedited fashion.Curbside Consultation of the Foot and Ankle: 49 Clinical Questions provides information basic enough for residents while also incorporating expert advice that even high-volume clinicians will appreciate. Practicing orthopedic surgeons, orthopedic residents, foot and ankle specialists, and medical students will benefit from the user-friendly, casual format and the expert advice contained within.Some of the questions that are answered:• When do you do an allograft or autograft talar transplantation graft for a failed osteochondral talar lesion?• How do you treat an athlete with chronic lateral foot overload and peroneal tendonitis with a cavovarus foot?• How do you fix your syndesmotic injuries? Can I use tight-ropes now?• I have a 63 year old patient who had an ankle fracture 20 years ago. They are ready for a major procedure now. Should I perform an ankle arthrodesis or should I refer her out to someone for a total ankle arthroplasty? What are your criteria for a total ankle arthroplasty?• Do I need to use bone graft in foot and ankle surgery, autologous or allograft? What graft should I use?About the AuthorGeorge B. Holmes, Jr, MD graduated from Yale College in New Haven, Connecticut and earned his medical degree from Yale University School of Medicine. He completed his orthopedic residency at the Harvard Combined Orthopaedic Residency. This was followed by a sports medicine fellowship with Lyle Micheli, MD at the Children’s Hospital Boston in Massachusetts and a foot and ankle fellowship with Roger A. Mann, MD in Oakland, California.   Dr. Holmes is currently Director of the Section of Foot & Ankle Surgery at Rush University Medical Center, Chicago, Illinois. He is also an editor for Foot & Ankle International and has hosted visiting fellows from Brazil and Poland. Past nonacademic activities include serving as an orthopedic consultant for the Joffrey Ballet, the Philadelphia Dance Company, the Boston Marathon, the Chicago Bulls, and the Sacramento Kings. He has authored numerous peer-reviewed and nonpeer-reviewed articles; regional, national and international podium presentations; and book chapters.   Simon Lee, MD is an assistant professor in Orthopaedic Surgery at Rush University Medical College. He is a graduate of Rush Medical College, completing his orthopedic surgery residency at the University of Illinois, Chicago. He completed his Foot and Ankle Surgery Fellowship in Charlotte, North Carolina at the Miller Clinic and Carolina’s Medical Center.   Dr. Lee is active in the continued education of orthopedic residents at Rush Medical Center in foot and ankle surgery. He is active and serves as a committee member for the American Orthopedic Foot and Ankle Society (AOFAS). Dr. Lee has served on the faculty of numerous courses on surgery of the foot and ankle through the AAOS and AOFAS. Additionally, he is a reviewer for the Foot and Ankle International (FAI) journal. Locally, Dr. Lee serves as the foot and ankle consultant for numerous Chicago metro area high schools, colleges, semi-professional and professional dance companies, and the Chicago White Sox and Chicago Bulls.Table of ContentsSection I         Forefoot/MidfootQuestion 1           How Do You Evaluate and Treat an 18-Year-Old Female With Plantar                               Hallux Metatarsophalangeal Pain and a Radiolucent Line on Her                               Sesamoid?                               Daniel L. Ocel, MDQuestion 2           My Mother-in-Law is Developing Progressive Pain in the Ball of Her Foot                               and Clawing of Her Lesser Toes. What Do I Do?                               David R. Richardson, MDQuestion 3           My Patient Has Failed Conservative Treatment of a Morton’s Neuroma.                               Do I Perform a Plantar or Dorsal Surgical Approach?                               Daniel L. Ocel, MDQuestion 4           A 43-Year-Old Recreational Marathon Runner Is Having Pain Over Her                               Bunion. Will This Eventually Need Surgery?                               Steven A. Kodros, MDQuestion 5           How Would You Treat My 74-Year-Old Community Ambulator With a                               Severe Bunion Who Cannot Find Shoes for the Michigan Winters?                               Robert S. Marsh, DO and Donald R. Bohay, MD, FACSQuestion 6           How Do You Treat an Ingrown Toenail? Should I Prescribe the Oral                               Antifungal Medication for Onychomycosis?                               Yong Chae, DPM, FACFASQuestion 7           How Do You Manage Hallux Rigidus? Which Patients With Hallux                               Rigidus Should Receive a Cheilectomy, Arthrodesis, or Arthroplasty?                               Jennifer Chu, MD and Judith Baumhauer, MD, MPHQuestion 8           How Do I Perform a Midfoot Fusion?                               Michael S. Pinzur, MDSection II        HindfootQuestion 9           How Do You Treat Plantar Fasciitis? How Do I Know if It Is the First                               Branch of the Lateral Plantar Nerve (Baxter’s Nerve)?                               Bruce Cohen, MDQuestion 10         Do All Patients With Pes Planus Require Treatment?                               Eric Breitbart, MD; Wayne Berberian, MD; and Sheldon Lin, MDQuestion 11         What Is Your Surgical Approach to Chronic Posterior Tibial Tendon                               Insufficiency?                               Scott Nemec, DO and John G. Anderson, MDQuestion 12         Which Patients With Cavovarus Feet Need Treatment?                               Armen S. Kelikian, MDQuestion 13         I Am Performing a Triple Arthrodesis But Cannot Seem to Reduce the                               Talonavicular Joint. What Am I Doing Wrong?                               Scott Nemec, DO and John G. Anderson, MDQuestion 14         How Much Fixation Is Required for a Subtalar Fusion? What Is Your                               Postoperative Protocol?                               Eric Breitbart MD; Wayne Berberian, MD; and Sheldon Lin, MDSection III      AnkleQuestion 15         How Do I Treat a Patient With Recurrent Medial Ankle Pain and a                               Magnetic Resonance Imaging Finding of Medial Malleolar Edema                               Consistent With a Medial Malleolar Stress Fracture?                               David R. Richardson, MDQuestion 16         Which Osteochondral Talar Lesions Need Surgery?                               Christopher Bibbo, DO, FACS, FAAOSQuestion 17         When Do You Perform an Allograft or Autograft Talar Transplantation                               Graft for a Failed Osteochondral Talar Lesion?                               Gregory C. Berlet, MD and Jaymes D. Granata, MDQuestion 18         How Do You Treat Chronic Achilles Tendinosis? When Do You                               Operate?                               Steven A. Kodros, MDQuestion 19         How Do I Know if I Should Transfer the Flexor Hallucis Longus or                               Do a Turn-Down or V-Y Lengthening for My Achilles Tendon Gap?                               Donald R. Bohay, MD, FACS and Robert S. Marsh, DOQuestion 20         How Do You Treat a Haglund’s Deformity That Does Not Have Any                               Changes Involving the Achilles Tendon?                               W. Hodges Davis, MDQuestion 21         Magnetic Resonance Imaging Shows a Peroneus Tendon Tear. Should I                               Operate?                               Keith L. Wapner, MDQuestion 22         How Do You Manage Ankle Arthritis With Minimal Arthritic Changes                               on Radiographs?                               Pradeep Kodali, MD and Anand Vora, MDQuestion 23         Will an Ankle Arthroscopy and Removal of Bone Spurs Help Me?                               Armen S. Kelikian, MDQuestion 24         I Have a 63-Year-Old Patient Who Had an Ankle Fracture 20 Years                               Ago and Is Ready for a Major Procedure Now. Should I Perform an                               Ankle Arthrodesis or Should I Refer Her to Someone for a Total                               Ankle Arthroplasty? What Are Your Criteria for a Total Ankle                               Arthroplasty?                               Gregory C. Berlet, MD and Jaymes D. Granata, MDSection IV      SportsQuestion 25         An 18-Year-Old Male Soccer Player Has Dislocating Peroneal Tendons.                               How Would You Treat This?                               Simon Lee, MD and Robert R. L. Gray, MDQuestion 26         How Would You Treat a 22-Year-Old Professional Ballet Dancer With an                               Os Trigonum and Fluid Around Her Flexor Hallucis Longus Tendon                               Sheath Seen on Magnetic Resonance Imaging?                               W. Hodges Davis, MDQuestion 27         How Would You Treat a 32-Year-Old Triathelete With a Nondisplaced                               Navicular Stress Fracture?                               Alex J. Kline, MD and Robert B. Anderson, MDQuestion 28         My 25-Year-Old Patient in Whom I Have Previously Placed a Jones Screw                               for a Fifth Metatarsal Stress Fracture Now Has New Pain With a                               Positive Triple Phase Bone Scan. Now How Do I Treat This Patient?                               Bruce Cohen, MDQuestion 29         How Do You Treat a 21-Year-Old Basketball Player Who Has Magnetic                               Resonance Imaging Evidence of Tibial Diaphyseal Edema Not Resolved                               After 3 Months of Protected Weight Bearing?                               Jeremy A. Alland, BA and Shane J. Nho, MD, MSQuestion 30         How Do You Treat “Shin Splints” in the High-Level Athlete Who Needs                               to Continue to Compete?                               Jeremy A. Alland, BA and Shane J. Nho, MD, MSQuestion 31         What Is Your Technique for an Achilles Tendon Repair? What Is Your                               Cut-Off for a Primary Repair and How Do You Treat Them if Greater                               Than That?                               Christopher P. Chiodo, MDQuestion 32         How Do You Treat an Athlete With Chronic Lateral Foot Overload and                               Peroneal Tendonitis With a Cavovarus Foot?                               Brian C. Toolan, MDQuestion 33         How Do You Manage a Significant Turf Toe Injury?                               Nicholas R. Seibert, MD and Robert B. Anderson, MDQuestion 34         How Long Do High Ankle Sprains Really Take to Get Better? How Do                               You Evaluate Them Appropriately?                               Jennifer Chu, MD and Judith Baumhauer, MD, MPHQuestion 35         How Do You Treat Chronic Ankle Instability in Your Recreational                               Athletes?                               Johnny Lin, MD and Nickolas G. Garbis, MDSection V        TraumaQuestion 36         How Do You Treat Proximal Fifth Metatarsal Fractures?                               Carroll P. Jones, MDQuestion 37         How Do You Manage a 22-Year-Old College Lineman With a Minimally                               Displaced or Ligamentous Lisfranc Injury?                               Terrence M. Philbin, DO and Jaymes D. Granata, MDQuestion 38         Which Lateral Talar Process Fractures Should I Fix?                               Brian C. Toolan, MDQuestion 39         Which Calcaneus Fractures Should I Operate On?                               Pradeep Kodali, MD and Anand Vora, MDQuestion 40         How Should I Fix My Patient With Multiple Metatarsal Fractures?                               Simon Lee, MD and Samuel McArthur, MDQuestion 41         What Is Your Decision-Making Process for Pilon Fractures?                               Sameer J. Lodha, MD and Walter W. Virkus, MDQuestion 42         Do I Rod or Plate My Distal Third Tibia Fractures? Should I Fix the                               Fibula, Too?                               Cara A. Cipriano, MD and Walter W. Virkus, MDQuestion 43         How Do You Fix Your Syndesmotic Injuries? Can I Use a TightRope                                               Now?                               Jaymes D. Granata, MD and Terrence M. Philbin, DOSection VI      MiscellaneousQuestion 44         How Do You Treat Tarsal Tunnel Syndrome? What Are Your Indications                               for Surgical Decompression?                               Christopher P. Chiodo, MDQuestion 45         How Do You Evaluate and Treat Exertional Compartment Syndrome of                               the Leg?                               Johnny Lin, MD and Samuel McArthur, MDQuestion 46         Does Compartment Syndrome of the Foot Really Exist? How Should                               I Treat It?                               Michael S. Pinzur, MDQuestion 47         What Are Some Techniques You Use in Treating Foot and Ankle Injuries                               in Your Patients With Osteoporosis?                               Carroll P. Jones, MDQuestion 48         What Are Some Techniques Used in Treating Foot and Ankle Injuries in                               Patients With Diabetes?                               Keith L. Wapner, MDQuestion 49         Do I Need to Use Bone Graft for Foot or Ankle Surgery? Which Graft                               Should I Use—Autologous or Allograft?                               Christopher Bibbo, DO, FACS, FAAOSFinancial DisclosuresIndex












                        What Our Readers Are Saying
                    

Be the first to share your thoughts on this title!










































Product DetailsISBN:9781556429392Binding:Trade PaperbackPublication date:01/15/2012Publisher:SlackSeries info:Curbside Consultation in OrthopedicsLanguage:EnglishPages:258Height:.60INWidth:6.90INThickness:.50LCCN:2011039867Series:Curbside Consultation in OrthopedicsNumber of Units:1Illustration:YesUPC Code:4294967295Editor:Simon LeeAuthor:George B. HolmesAuthor:George B., Jr., M.d. (edt) HolmesEditor:George B. HolmesAuthor:Simon LeeAuthor:Robert B., M.D. (FRW) AndersonAuthor:Simon (EDT) LeeAuthor:George B., Jr., M.D. (EDT) HolmesForeword by:Robert B. Anderson, M.D.Editor:George B. Holmes, Jr., M.D.Subject:Health and Medicine-Medical Specialties

Related SubjectsHealth and Self-HelpHealth and Self-Help » Health and MedicineHealth and Self-Help » Health and Medicine » Orthopedics




    
    

 $113.95 
 New  Trade Paperback 

 Ships in 1 to 3 days 
    
 
QtyStore2Remote Warehouse








Receive an email when this ISBN is available used.




































			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##




















			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





















 



 




























 






Help
Guarantee
My Account
Careers

About Us
    
Security
Wish List
Partners
Contact Us
Shipping
Newsletters
Sitemap
© 2017 POWELLS.COM  Terms
800-878-7323

















			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##

















			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##







































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































