












Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Home Brew Mart by Ballast Point 











Home Brew Mart, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:21 AM ET
Beverages

Company Overview of Home Brew Mart, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Home Brew Mart, Inc., through its subsidiary, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits, Inc., produces craft beers, spirits, and other alcoholic beverage products worldwide. It sells its beer under the Big Eye IPA, Black Marlin Porter, Calico Amber Ale, Longfin Lager, original Pale Ale, Wahoo White, Grunion, Piper Down, Indra Kunindra, Sea Monster, Tongue Buckler, Victory at Sea, Sculpin IPA, Grapefruit Sculpin IPA, Habanero Sculpin IPA, Even Keel Session IPA, Dorado Double IPA, and Fathom India Pale Lager brand names. The company offers its spirits under the Devil’s Share, Fugu, Old Grove, Opah, and Three Sheets brand names; and Mixers under Bloody Mary and Mai Tai brand names. It distributes beer t...
Home Brew Mart, Inc., through its subsidiary, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits, Inc., produces craft beers, spirits, and other alcoholic beverage products worldwide. It sells its beer under the Big Eye IPA, Black Marlin Porter, Calico Amber Ale, Longfin Lager, original Pale Ale, Wahoo White, Grunion, Piper Down, Indra Kunindra, Sea Monster, Tongue Buckler, Victory at Sea, Sculpin IPA, Grapefruit Sculpin IPA, Habanero Sculpin IPA, Even Keel Session IPA, Dorado Double IPA, and Fathom India Pale Lager brand names. The company offers its spirits under the Devil’s Share, Fugu, Old Grove, Opah, and Three Sheets brand names; and Mixers under Bloody Mary and Mai Tai brand names. It distributes beer to approximately 30 states and 10 countries. Home Brew Mart, Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in San Diego, California. As of December 16, 2015, Home Brew Mart, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Constellation Brands Inc.
Detailed Description


5401 Linda Vista RoadSuite 406San Diego, CA 92110United StatesFounded in 1992469 Employees



Phone: 619-295-2337








Key Executives for Home Brew Mart, Inc.


Home Brew Mart, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Home Brew Mart, Inc. Key Developments

Home Brew Mart Mulls Acquisitions
Oct 19 15
Home Brew Mart, Inc. will use the proceeds from the IPO for the acquisition of, or investment in, businesses, products or other assets that complement the business, although Home Brew has no present commitments or agreements to enter into any such acquisition or investment.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1188 Brewing Co. LLC United States 2 Way Brewing Company, Inc. United States 24 Karat Wines LLC United States 26 Brix llc. United States 3 Stars Brewing Company United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Home Brew Mart, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	MANTA RAY Trademark of Home Brew Mart, Inc.. Serial Number: 86425523 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Light Beverage Products
MANTA RAY










 
Get FREE email alerts













MANTA RAY  Trademark Information
 Home Brew Mart, Inc.
Beer




Perfect for these industries

Light Beverage Products 





Words that describe this mark
beer    
                                    




This is a brand page for the MANTA RAY trademark by Home Brew Mart, Inc. 
                                in San Diego, CA, 92121.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MANTA RAY trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Home Brew Mart, Inc. of the MANTA RAY trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MANTA RAY trademark.
                           






On Thursday, October 16, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MANTA RAY by 
                        Home Brew Mart, Inc., San Diego, CA  92121.
                        The USPTO has given the MANTA RAY 
                        trademark serial  number of  86425523.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for MANTA RAY is 
                        
                        
                                            ALBERT UBIETA of 
                                            HOME BREW MART, INC.,  9045 CARROLL WAY, SAN DIEGO, CA 92121-2405 
                                .
                            The MANTA RAY trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Light Beverage Products 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MANTA RAY 
                            is Beer. 
                            





Word mark:
 MANTA RAY


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/10/2015



  Serial Number:  
86425523


  Filing Date:  
10/16/2014


 Registration Number:  
4852454 


 Registration Date:  
11/10/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Beer


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/17/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Home Brew Mart, Inc.San Diego, CA  92121
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ALBERT UBIETA
HOME BREW MART, INC.
9045 CARROLL WAY
SAN DIEGO, CA 92121-2405






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (032) - Beers; mineral and aerated waters and other nonalcoholic drinks; fruit drinks and fruit juices; syrups and other preparations for making beverages. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/17/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
6/4/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MANTA RAY trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/10/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ALBERT UBIETA


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MANTA RAY trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search mantaray on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MANTA RAY 




MANTA RAY is providing Beer.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Home Brew Mart by Ballast Point 











Home Brew Mart by Ballast Point 











Home Brew Mart Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























home brew mart inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Staples
Industry: Consumer Products
Sub-Industry: Beverages
Home Brew Mart, Inc. was founded in 1992. The company's line of business includes the manufacturing of malt beverages such as beer and liquors.




Corporate Information
Address:

9045 Carroll Way
San Diego, CA 92121
United States


Phone:
1-858-790-6900


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.ballastpointbrewingandspirits.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Home Brew Mart Inc in San Diego, CA (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Home Brew Mart Inc, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Home Brew Mart Inc

Home Brew Mart Inc imports from Vew Asset Trade Weihenstephan Gmbh in Panama through the port of Long Beach, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Home Brew Mart Inc and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 LULULEMON USA INC
 TRANSITYRE FRANCE S.A. MICHELIN EXP
 GENERAL MOTORS CANADA LIMITED
 FRITO LAY DOMINICANA, S.A.         
 CVS PHARMACY INC
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Home Brew Mart Inc
Home Brew Mart Inc imports from Vew Asset Trade Weihenstephan Gmbh in Panama through the port of Long Beach, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



VEW ASSET TRADE WEIHENSTEPHAN GMBH
JOHANNISTRASSE 10 GERMANY   85354 FREISING HH 21129DE


HOME BREW MART INC
9045 CARROLL WAY SAN DIEGO, CA 92121, USA   SAN DIEGO, CA 92121 CA 92106US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



PROFREIGHT TRANSPORTATION, INC.
CTC:FRANCES LEBRON;TEL407-359- 1523 W. BROADWAY ST.   FRANCES PROFREIGHT. CA 92106US



NO MARKS
NO MARKS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number






SUDU8558580
SUDU8558580


Product Description




BREWERY EQUIPMENT HS-CODE: 84384000 FREIGHT PREPAID
BREWERY EQUIPMENT HS-CODE: 84384000 FREIGHT PREPAID









Bill of LadingSUDUA6HAMPE0369XArrival Date2016-07-29Weight (LB)24,178Weight (KG)10,990UnitsCMQuantity2 PKGContainer Count1Voyage No.626NPort of LoadingTONOSIPort of DischargeLONG BEACH, CALIFORNIAVessel NameCAP PASLEYCarrier CodeSUDUCountry Of OriginPanamaPlace Of ReceiptHAMBURG DE 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Home Brew Mart Inc. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Home Brew Mart Inc has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Home Brew Mart Inc







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Home Brew Mart Inc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Neapco Drivelines (chongqing)co Ltd                                



                                    Grupo Orco Mexicana Sa De Cv                                



                                    Idylc Homes, Llc C/o Amazon.com.ded                                



                                    Wdi International, Ltd                                



                                    Zhejiang Furun Dyeing &                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2856
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Home Brew Mart, Inc.                                                                                                     - San Diego                                         , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



San Diego



Malt Beverages



Manufacturing - Ale (alcoholic Beverage)



                            Home Brew Mart, Inc.
                                    



 





















H 


Home Brew Mart, Inc.                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9045 CARROLL WAY SAN DIEGO, CA 92121
Get Directions



(858) 790-6900
www.homebrewmart.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 2015
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $214,125,702.00
 Employee Count 200
 Industries Manufacturing - Ale (alcoholic Beverage)
 Contacts Jim Buechler                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2015, Home Brew Mart, Inc.                                                                                                     has been providing Manufacturing - Ale (alcoholic Beverage) from San Diego. Home Brew Mart, Inc.                                                                                                     is incorporated in California. 









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
VERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    5 - 26 - 2015
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
VERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

American Express
Master Card
Visa



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    11:00AM - 9:00PM




                                        Monday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    11:00AM - 11:00PM




                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    11:00AM - 11:00PM




                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    11:00AM - 11:00PM




                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    11:00AM - 11:00PM




                                        Friday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    11:00AM - 11:00PM




                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    11:00AM - 11:00PM








H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 JavaScript is not enabled.


	Home Brew Mart - 1 Reviews - 5401 Linda Vista Rd Ste 406, San Diego, CA - Business Services Reviews - Phone (619) 295-2337














































Judy's Book



near







Sign in




                    Owners
                


Help
























Home Brew Mart


                            Claim
                        







 5.0 















1                                            
                                            reviews
                                    


                                            Write review
                                        




            TrustScore®
            

            High
        






                            id: 66168
                        







                                        5401 Linda Vista Rd Ste 406
                                    

San Diego,
                                        CA
92110






                                    (619) 295-2337
                                



Incorrect info? Correct your
                                    listing












Business Links:
Citysearch Profile



Main categories:
Business Services
                                ,
                                    Bars, Pubs & Clubs
                                ,
                                    General Merchandise Stores
                                ,
                                    Liquor Stores
                                ,
                                    Malt Beverage Mfrs



Related categories:
Business to Business
                                    ,
                                        Food & Dining
                                    ,
                                        Manufacturing
                                    ,
                                        Shopping & Shopping Services
                                    ,
                                        Beverages
                                    ,
                                        Bottling Manufacturing
                                    ,
                                        Beverage Alcoholic










Reviews



















( 
                1
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            






Best












Fresh ingredients and helpful associates


                                Home Brew Mart is one of the catalysts that got me turned on to home beer brewing. This store is connected to the Ballast Point Brewing Company, which supplies San Diego with some...
                            




Worst


All reviews seem positive










Judy's Book (1)


Other sources (0)



                                    Write review
                                










Fresh ingredients and helpful associates
8/11/2005













5

Douglas L.


                        Home Brew Mart is one of the catalysts that got me turned on to home beer brewing. This store is connected to the Ballast Point Brewing Company, which supplies San Diego with some of the finest micro brewed beer in the county. They are know for their Yellowtail Ale, and Marlin Porter. The ingredients they sell are the same ones they use to brew with. They carry Wyeast and White Labs pitchable liquid yeast, and Munton's extract if you do extract brewing. A good selection of grains (munich, crystal malt) and more. If you are a beginner they have tons of startup kits under $80 that can get you going.
                        more



Reply |
                        

Report abuse


                            | 








 < Previous  1  Next > 




Menu for Home Brew Mart




Please enable Javascript to view this business' menus
















        SUMMER DISCOUNT :
    

15% OFF all yearly plans


    Use YEAR15 at checkout. Expires 7/30/2017
    









Additional information


Hours:
                            Monday To Friday From 11:00 AM To 07:00 PM Saturday From 10:00 AM To 05:00 PM Sunday From 12:00 PM To 04:00 PM
                        

Neighborhoods:
                            Morena, Western, Western San Diego
                        

































ABOUT
Help
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use




OUR SERVICES
Business Owners
Learning Center
Partners & Publishers
Advertise with us
Negotiated Perks
KidScore™




MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
Write A Review



























From family friendly trips with kid friendly activities to local plumbers lawyers, spas, and contractors.  Judy’s Book has millions of listings and reviews for the best and not so great.  Whether you’re looking for a specific business or just trying to discover great places we make it easy.  We’re a family oriented site focusing on bringing trusted reviews and recommendations to moms and others.   Green and Sustainable places are becoming more relevant to Judy’s Book users, have a favorite place?  Write a review and tell users why it’s Green!




EXPLORE BY CATEGORY

                    Automotive


                            Car Dealers

                            Towing

                            Mechanics



                    Business to Business


                            Manufacturing

                            Business Services



                    Civic & Community 


                            Libraries



                    Education & Instruction 


                            Elementary Schools

                            Colleges & Universities



                    Entertainment & Arts 


                            Museums & Galleries



                    Food & Dining 


                            Coffee Shops

                            Bakeries

                            Restaurants



                    Health & Medical 


                            Chiropractors

                            Dentists

                            Veterinarians







                    Other Professional Services

                    Animals & Pets

                    Legal & Financial 


                            Lawyers, Law Firms & Attorneys

                            Mortgages & Loans



                    Home & Garden 


                            Electricians

                            Plumbers

                            Windows & Doors



                    Personal Care 


                            Salons

                            Spas

                            Massage



                    Real Estate 

                    Retail Shopping 


                            Apparel



                    Sports & Recreation 

                    Travel & Transportation 


                            Hotels & Lodging

                            Movers



                    More...




ALL LOCATIONS

                    Atlanta, GA Reviews 
Austin,
                    TX Reviews 
Boston,
                    MA Reviews 
Chicago,
                    IL Reviews 

                    Cincinnati, OH Reviews 
Dallas,
                    TX Reviews 

                    Houston, TX Reviews 

                    Los Angeles, CA Reviews 

                    Minneapolis, MN Reviews 
New
                    York, NY Reviews 

                    Philadelphia, PA Reviews 

                    San Francisco, CA Reviews 
Seattle,
                    WA Reviews 
More...
















            Home Brew Mart - San Diego 92110 (San Diego County), 5401 Linda Vista Rd Ste 4...



































































                    Company directory and business data solutions



About Kompass







                                        Register






                                        Login







                                                    Login
×



                                                    Please fill in your login and password







Register
Login


Forgot your password ?


























								English

























Contact Kompass North America
Please contact one of our team of experts from Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm or by email




+1 609 785 5986





Contact us











                    Search across 10.5 million selected companies  in more than  60 countries.

















or




all
suppliers
one company











Rechercher















                                    Data Access



Business solutions 
Sales leads? Online promotion?


EasyBusiness
EasyList


                        Free Guide - B2B Prospecting Success




                        KompassPublicTenders




                        Credit Card Payment 




                        Webinar



                                   Digital solutions
Booster
Promotional solutions
Register your company




See all business solutions

Videos & Tutorials

Quizz




EasyBusiness
Find the right sales leads!

                                With more than 10.5 million companies and 60 search criteria, our global B2B database, EasyBusiness, will help you find the right customer leads and marketing lists.
Find out more >


EasyList
Need help with finding prospects?
EasyList is our straightforward on demand tool designed to help you build personalised company lists from a global database of 9 million companies.
Find out more


Register your company
Build your free company profile!
If you are looking to expand into new markets or want to grow your sales activity, then register your company free of charge on the global Kompass B2B directory.
Find out more >


Booster
Engage your target audience!
Engage your target audience and attract new business leads using the Kompass.com our global online digital directory. With over 6m visitors per month from 69 countries worldwide, let us improve your SEO and increase your customer traffic.
Find out more >


Promotional solutions
Attract relevant enquiries!
Build, enhance and manage your company profile to attract visitors instantly. Use our PPC experts to help drive relevant enquiries through to your profile – cost effective, managed and GUARANTEED.
Find out more >


Free Guide
B2B Prospecting Success
Best Strategy To Find Targeted Leads And Drive Great Sales Results
 


PublicTenders
PublicTenders
Public Tenders
 


Payment Portal
Payment Portal
Credit Card Payment Portal
 


Webinar: Skyrocketing your Government Contracting
Public Tenders Webinar
Learn about the value of selling to the US Government, key market challenges, and how to find and respond to opportunities throughout the USA - Plus get three months free access to the database!
 

















California






San Diego County




                                              Home Brew Mart





x


Every month we have millions of visitors on Kompass, looking for companies like yours. Register your company on Kompass and build your FREE company profile to attract those visitors.


Register


Login


Login








                        Home Brew Mart





                                            5401 Linda Vista Rd Ste 405, 

                                    San Diego CA 92110
United States







     Need to contact this company?




Call
Click to see their phone number








Call
Click to see their phone number















---




						Service 
						
						+ call price





* This phone number available for 3 min is not the recipient's number but a number from a service which will put you through to that person.
				This service is produced by Kompass. 
                					Why this number ?
















Service & free calls*






* This number, only available 3 minutes, is not your correspondant's number but the number of a service putting you through to that person.
This service is produced by Kompass. 
									Why this number ?










All the lines are busy at the moment, please try again in a moment.













                                    View map location






                                        View their website




Purchase online company lists of companies

Create your prospect list >











                        Home Brew Mart
×













                        Addresses of : Home Brew Mart

×

























                            Description



                            Key figures



                                    Executives



                                    Activities











Description
Key figures
Executives
Activities







						Company Summary

Home Brew Mart, Inc. supplies homebrew products and Brewing starter kits. The company manufactures all kinds of brewing products.




					General Information




									Year established
1992



                                Type of company

							 Head Office



									Fax

										
											+1 619 295-2337



									Website

http://homebrewmart.com









Key figures



            Employees




                        On site

                        20-49 Employees



                        Company

                        20-49 Employees






                Turnover




                                                2014 
2 to 5 million USD







Executives



			Executive information


 

Download the executives list











												Jim  Blagrave



										Manager - MIS










												Y. C.
											



										Vice President










												R. G.
											



										Distribution Manager










												M. M.
											



										VP Sales










												J. W.
											



										Owner, Finance Executive









Activities



                Activities


 Producer
 Distributor
 Service provider



Beers

Department and chain stores

Retail trade







                Other classifications (for some countries)



SIC (US 1987) : 
Malt beverages (2082)
SIC (US 1987) : 
Miscellaneous retail stores, nec (5999)
NAICS (US 2012) : 
Breweries (31212)
NAICS (US 2012) : 
Breweries (312120)
NAICS (US 2012) : 
Department Stores (except Discount Department Stores) (452111)
NAICS (US 2012) : 
All Other General Merchandise Stores (452990)










You might also like



















     Contact

            Home Brew Mart





Call
Click to see their phone number








Call
Click to see their phone number















---




						Service 
						
						+ call price





* This phone number available for 3 min is not the recipient's number but a number from a service which will put you through to that person.
				This service is produced by Kompass. 
                					Why this number ?
















Service & free calls*






* This number, only available 3 minutes, is not your correspondant's number but the number of a service putting you through to that person.
This service is produced by Kompass. 
									Why this number ?










All the lines are busy at the moment, please try again in a moment.











You might also like:












Willy's Electronic Supply...


                                                         
                                                        National City
Department and chain stores












Cart-Mart Inc


                                                         
                                                        San Marcos
Department and chain stores
















The Salaita Group Inc


                                                         
                                                        Church Hill
Department and chain stores












Gc Supply Inc


                                                         
                                                        New Castle
Department and chain stores
















San Diego County Carvers ...


                                                         
                                                        San Diego
Department and chain stores












Graduate Sales Limited


                                                         
                                                        West Monroe
Department and chain stores
















Mobility Solutions Inc.


                                                         
                                                        San Diego
Department and chain stores












Permer Security Inc


                                                         
                                                        Schofield
Department and chain stores
















Pro Active Therapy


                                                         
                                                        Frankfort
Department and chain stores












Atel Communications


                                                         
                                                        San Diego
Department and chain stores
















Rainbow Mart, Inc


                                                         
                                                        San Ysidro
Department and chain stores












Jordak


                                                         
                                                        San Marcos
Department and chain stores
















Blue Ribbon Cleaners-


                                                         
                                                        Tallahassee
Department and chain stores












Crypto Technology Corpora...


                                                         
                                                        San Diego
Department and chain stores
















Ouachita Distributing Co ...


                                                         
                                                        Monroe
Department and chain stores












Jim Sherman Nursery


                                                         
                                                        San Marcos
Department and chain stores
















National Construction Ren...


                                                         
                                                        Spring Valley
Department and chain stores












San Diego Products


                                                         
                                                        San Marcos
Department and chain stores
















Tactical Assault Gear, In...


                                                         
                                                        San Diego
Department and chain stores












Sc Bluwood, Inc


                                                         
                                                        Carlsbad
Department and chain stores







 
 




Our business solutions









With Kompass :




                            Global presence in more than 60 countries





                            Detailed and up to date company information





                            Comprehensive and filtered company directory


















				                Frequent updates ensuring high quality data






                                    Secure online payment






                                Help with expert advice






    	            			Dedicated customer service team













Contact Kompass North America




Contact us






















































            Home Brew Mart - San Diego 92110 (San Diego County), 5401 Linda Vista Rd Ste 4...



































































                    Company directory and business data solutions



About Kompass







                                        Register






                                        Login







                                                    Login
×



                                                    Please fill in your login and password







Register
Login


Forgot your password ?


























								English

























Contact Kompass North America
Please contact one of our team of experts from Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm or by email




+1 609 785 5986





Contact us











                    Search across 10.5 million selected companies  in more than  60 countries.

















or




all
suppliers
one company











Rechercher















                                    Data Access



Business solutions 
Sales leads? Online promotion?


EasyBusiness
EasyList


                        Free Guide - B2B Prospecting Success




                        KompassPublicTenders




                        Credit Card Payment 




                        Webinar



                                   Digital solutions
Booster
Promotional solutions
Register your company




See all business solutions

Videos & Tutorials

Quizz




EasyBusiness
Find the right sales leads!

                                With more than 10.5 million companies and 60 search criteria, our global B2B database, EasyBusiness, will help you find the right customer leads and marketing lists.
Find out more >


EasyList
Need help with finding prospects?
EasyList is our straightforward on demand tool designed to help you build personalised company lists from a global database of 9 million companies.
Find out more


Register your company
Build your free company profile!
If you are looking to expand into new markets or want to grow your sales activity, then register your company free of charge on the global Kompass B2B directory.
Find out more >


Booster
Engage your target audience!
Engage your target audience and attract new business leads using the Kompass.com our global online digital directory. With over 6m visitors per month from 69 countries worldwide, let us improve your SEO and increase your customer traffic.
Find out more >


Promotional solutions
Attract relevant enquiries!
Build, enhance and manage your company profile to attract visitors instantly. Use our PPC experts to help drive relevant enquiries through to your profile – cost effective, managed and GUARANTEED.
Find out more >


Free Guide
B2B Prospecting Success
Best Strategy To Find Targeted Leads And Drive Great Sales Results
 


PublicTenders
PublicTenders
Public Tenders
 


Payment Portal
Payment Portal
Credit Card Payment Portal
 


Webinar: Skyrocketing your Government Contracting
Public Tenders Webinar
Learn about the value of selling to the US Government, key market challenges, and how to find and respond to opportunities throughout the USA - Plus get three months free access to the database!
 

















California






San Diego County




                                              Home Brew Mart





x


Every month we have millions of visitors on Kompass, looking for companies like yours. Register your company on Kompass and build your FREE company profile to attract those visitors.


Register


Login


Login








                        Home Brew Mart





                                            5401 Linda Vista Rd Ste 405, 

                                    San Diego CA 92110
United States







     Need to contact this company?




Call
Click to see their phone number








Call
Click to see their phone number















---




						Service 
						
						+ call price





* This phone number available for 3 min is not the recipient's number but a number from a service which will put you through to that person.
				This service is produced by Kompass. 
                					Why this number ?
















Service & free calls*






* This number, only available 3 minutes, is not your correspondant's number but the number of a service putting you through to that person.
This service is produced by Kompass. 
									Why this number ?










All the lines are busy at the moment, please try again in a moment.













                                    View map location






                                        View their website




Purchase online company lists of companies

Create your prospect list >











                        Home Brew Mart
×













                        Addresses of : Home Brew Mart

×

























                            Description



                            Key figures



                                    Executives



                                    Activities











Description
Key figures
Executives
Activities







						Company Summary

Home Brew Mart, Inc. supplies homebrew products and Brewing starter kits. The company manufactures all kinds of brewing products.




					General Information




									Year established
1992



                                Type of company

							 Head Office



									Fax

										
											+1 619 295-2337



									Website

http://homebrewmart.com









Key figures



            Employees




                        On site

                        20-49 Employees



                        Company

                        20-49 Employees






                Turnover




                                                2014 
2 to 5 million USD







Executives



			Executive information


 

Download the executives list











												Jim  Blagrave



										Manager - MIS










												Y. C.
											



										Vice President










												R. G.
											



										Distribution Manager










												M. M.
											



										VP Sales










												J. W.
											



										Owner, Finance Executive









Activities



                Activities


 Producer
 Distributor
 Service provider



Beers

Department and chain stores

Retail trade







                Other classifications (for some countries)



SIC (US 1987) : 
Malt beverages (2082)
SIC (US 1987) : 
Miscellaneous retail stores, nec (5999)
NAICS (US 2012) : 
Breweries (31212)
NAICS (US 2012) : 
Breweries (312120)
NAICS (US 2012) : 
Department Stores (except Discount Department Stores) (452111)
NAICS (US 2012) : 
All Other General Merchandise Stores (452990)










You might also like



















     Contact

            Home Brew Mart





Call
Click to see their phone number








Call
Click to see their phone number















---




						Service 
						
						+ call price





* This phone number available for 3 min is not the recipient's number but a number from a service which will put you through to that person.
				This service is produced by Kompass. 
                					Why this number ?
















Service & free calls*






* This number, only available 3 minutes, is not your correspondant's number but the number of a service putting you through to that person.
This service is produced by Kompass. 
									Why this number ?










All the lines are busy at the moment, please try again in a moment.











You might also like:












Willy's Electronic Supply...


                                                         
                                                        National City
Department and chain stores












Cart-Mart Inc


                                                         
                                                        San Marcos
Department and chain stores
















The Salaita Group Inc


                                                         
                                                        Church Hill
Department and chain stores












Gc Supply Inc


                                                         
                                                        New Castle
Department and chain stores
















San Diego County Carvers ...


                                                         
                                                        San Diego
Department and chain stores












Graduate Sales Limited


                                                         
                                                        West Monroe
Department and chain stores
















Mobility Solutions Inc.


                                                         
                                                        San Diego
Department and chain stores












Permer Security Inc


                                                         
                                                        Schofield
Department and chain stores
















Pro Active Therapy


                                                         
                                                        Frankfort
Department and chain stores












Atel Communications


                                                         
                                                        San Diego
Department and chain stores
















Rainbow Mart, Inc


                                                         
                                                        San Ysidro
Department and chain stores












Jordak


                                                         
                                                        San Marcos
Department and chain stores
















Blue Ribbon Cleaners-


                                                         
                                                        Tallahassee
Department and chain stores












Crypto Technology Corpora...


                                                         
                                                        San Diego
Department and chain stores
















Ouachita Distributing Co ...


                                                         
                                                        Monroe
Department and chain stores












Jim Sherman Nursery


                                                         
                                                        San Marcos
Department and chain stores
















National Construction Ren...


                                                         
                                                        Spring Valley
Department and chain stores












San Diego Products


                                                         
                                                        San Marcos
Department and chain stores
















Tactical Assault Gear, In...


                                                         
                                                        San Diego
Department and chain stores












Sc Bluwood, Inc


                                                         
                                                        Carlsbad
Department and chain stores







 
 




Our business solutions









With Kompass :




                            Global presence in more than 60 countries





                            Detailed and up to date company information





                            Comprehensive and filtered company directory


















				                Frequent updates ensuring high quality data






                                    Secure online payment






                                Help with expert advice






    	            			Dedicated customer service team













Contact Kompass North America




Contact us



















































 



Home Brew Mart |  Ballast Point






































Home Brew Mart











Home Brew Mart 25th Anniversary
Home Brew Contest
Brew with Ballast Point at Home Brew Mart to celebrate our 25th Anniversary!
Enter your beer for a chance to be one of three finalists to brew on the one barrel system at Home Brew Mart with Sculpin co-creator, Doug Duffield. Then, enjoy your scaled up recipe on tap at our 25th Anniversary Party.
Entry is free.
Two Entries per person, one submission per style,  200 entries total.
All Entries Due at Home Brew Mart by July 8th.
Register Here
Rules and Regulations
Bottle Identification form
Home Brew Mart Competition Volunteer Form
 
*The three Best in Show winning entries will be invited to our facility in San Diego, CA to brew a batch on our 1-BBL Ruby Street brewing system under the guidance of one of the original brewers of Sculpin IPA, Doug Duffield. All brews must be completed before August 9th. Winners will provide their own transportation to and from the brew.
The brewers of the Best in Show winning entry will be invited to our Home Brew Mart 25th Anniversary Party on September 17th, 2017. Winners will provide their own transportation to and from the event.











Helping Home Brewers
Thrive Since 1992
Home Brew Mart has been serving brewers world-wide for 21 years now. From simple starter kits, to advanced all grain brewing systems, we have everything you need to brew the beer you want. Our extensive inventory includes a wide variety of ingredients and equipment and kegging supplies. We also have a friendly and knowledgeable staff to back up our products. Helping you make great beer is our number one goal.
Learn to brew!     or     Buy a starter kit!











Supplies, Equipment
& Friendly Advice
Come visit us at Home Brew Mart to talk with one of our home brew advisors, pick up supplies, or simply sample some Ballast Point beers. Home Brew Mart also regularly holds home brew classes, so check out our Events page to find out when the next class will be held.
Home Brew Mart
5401 Linda Vista Road, Suite 406
San Diego, CA 92110
(619) 295-2337
Hours:
Monday – Thursday 10:00am-10:00pm
Friday/Saturday 9:00am-10:00pm
Sunday 9:00am-9:00pm













Are you 21 years old,or older?
YesEnter Site









